The inventor of the mobile phone says the devices have become too complex , with a range of features from cameras to music , since he made the first wireless call more than three decades ago .
" Whenever you create a universal device that does all things for all people , it does not do any things well , " former Motorola researcher Martin Cooper said at a privacy conference in Madrid .
Martin Cooper , the inventor of the mobile phone .
" Our future , I think , is a number of specialist devices that focus on one thing that will improve our lives , " he added .
Cooper , 80 , who was born in Chicago , was the lead engineer of the Motorola team that developed the handheld mobile phone .
He made the first wireless call from a busy Manhattan street corner on April 3 , 1973 .
There shall be no cupcakes .
No chocolate cake and no carrot cake .
According to New York City ’s latest regulations , not even zucchini bread makes the cut .
In an effort to limit how much sugar and fat students put in their bellies at school , the Education Department has effectively banned most bake sales , the lucrative if not quite healthy fund - raising tool for generations of teams and clubs .
The change is part of a new wellness policy that also limits what can be sold in vending machines and student - run stores , which use profits to help finance activities like pep rallies and proms .
The elaborate rules were outlined in a three - page memo issued at the end of June , but in the new school year , principals and parents are just beginning to , well , digest them .
Parent groups and Parent - Teacher Associations are conspicuously given an exception : once a month they are allowed to sell as many dark fudge brownies and lemon bars as they please , so long as lunch has ended .
And after 6 p.m. on weekdays , anything goes .
But at that hour , most students are long gone , and as far as the Education Department is concerned , stuffing oneself with coconut macaroons and peanut butter cookies at that hour is one ’s prerogative .
Gmail Redesigned , the dark - skinned theme that 's part of the popular Google Redesigned Extension , has been released in a 3.0 version that adds more message space , reduces in size by half , and supports newer Gmail features .
Advertisement
Gmail Redesigned 3.0 is n't a major , uh , redesign of the all - encompassing skin , but it does try to address issues and irks that users have emailed and posted to Globex Designs .
Chief among them is reducing the amount of vertical space taken up at the top by the logos , out - links , and other elements .
There 's also support for the newer pages orbiting Gmail , like the stand - alone Google Contacts , and full support for the " Older " ( / faster ) Gmail version .
In addition , the design team states that they reduced the size of the pre-loading elements by around 50 percent , hopefully speeding up load times for users .
Web designers , take note :
Google Contacts Has a Standalone Site
Whether you prefer managing your contacts outside Gmail or you do n't use Gmail but still want to …
Read more
How are we able to make sure drastic reductions in size while adding so many new features ?
The biggest factor was the unification of many of the interface elements and further improvements of our compression algorithms .
If you 're interested in finding out more about our CSS compression , keep an eye out on our website as we will be releasing a brand new product called - CSS Compressor .
Advertisement
Enough code talk — let 's take a look .
The top picture on this post is the basic inbox view ; here 's how things look in a Compose window :
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
And look to the right for a compilation of sidebar widgets and a chat window with Gmail Redesigned 3.0 .
Advertisement
Gmail Redesigned 3.0 will automatically update itself if you 're using the Google Redesigned extension .
Hit the link for details on the download , as well as the individual Gmail , Google Calendar , and Google Reader styles .
Gmail Redesigned Hits Version 3 [ Globex Designs ]
A few minutes ago on The Ed Show , Tom Tancredo tried to make the case against government health care by claiming that the Veterans Administration is unpopular with U.S. military veterans .
The only problem for him was that he was up against Markos ... who is one of those veterans , unlike Tancredo , a pro-Vietnam War chickenhawk who got a 1 - Y deferment .
When Markos pointed out that Tancredo was ( a ) wrong about the Veterans Administration and ( b ) not qualified to speak for veterans , Tancredo exploded in anger , demanding an apology .
Markos did not oblige , and Tancredo stormed off the set .
Watch :
Update : Join the discussion in phriendlyjaime 's recommended diary , LOL - Kos just made Tancredo take his ball and go home on TV .
Imagine a treatment that was so powerful and useful , it could even be delivered by the telephone .
That treatment ?
Good old psychotherapy .
We ’ve previously discussed the benefits of using web - based self - help programs for depression based upon proven cognitive - behavioral therapy techniques .
And we ’ve noted previous studies that showed the benefits of telephone therapy for depression .
But this new 600 - person study is the largest to date of psychotherapy by phone — and one of the largest studies of psychotherapy ever .
Subjects in the study were randomly assigned to one of three groups — treatment as usual , telephone care management , and telephone care management + psychotherapy .
People in the treatment as usual group continued to receive any treatments normally available , such as follow - up visits with their primary care doctor , and referrals to mental health professionals ( but not psychotherapy ) .
The telephone care management group received up to 5 brief telephone calls or personalized mailings intended to monitor and improve antidepressant adherence and to support follow - up in primary care .
People in the care management plus psychotherapy group received up to 12 calls , including both care management and a structured cognitive behavioral psychotherapy program delivered by telephone .
The best part about the study ’s findings if that it was inexpensive to administer and resulted in far more depression - free days than the other treatment methods :
Over two years , phone psychotherapy plus care management led to a gain of 46 depression - free days , with only a $ 397 increase in outpatient health care costs .
The incremental net benefit of phone psychotherapy plus care management was positive , even if a day free of depression was valued as low as $ 9 .
One of the benefits of this study is that it also directly measures and discusses costs associated with the various treatment groups , so those who are focused on such measures ( hello insurance companies ) can see the benefits of ensuring people have access to this kind of treatment .
The telephone psychotherapy group resulted in the most effective treatment method out of the three , at the lowest possible cost ( since nobody ’s actual work day is measured as low as $ 9 ) .
People free of depression are more focused , can concentrate better , and are generally more productive than those who feel depressed .
According to the researchers , few of the patients who received phone - based therapy sought in - person therapy .
They went on to suggest that phone - based therapy is more convenient and acceptable to patients than in - person psychotherapy .
The same could be said of web - based interventions as well .
Telephone - based psychotherapy also has a much smaller drop - out rate compared with face - to - face psychotherapy .
A study last year found an attrition rate of only 7.6 percent for those in telephone therapy , versus nearly 50 percent for those in face - to - face therapy .
It ’s cheaper to provide , is more convenient and acceptable for the client , and has a significantly smaller attrition rate .
Will this finally be the study that convinces people , providers , and insurance companies that telephone therapy is a legitimate and useful alternative to face - to - face psychotherapy ?
I hope so , as it ’s pretty clear that at least for depression — one of the most common mental health concerns — it ’s of great benefit .
The study appears in the current issue of the Journal of the American Medical Association ( JAMA ) .
Read the full news article : Phone - Based Therapy Improves Depression Care .
Phone Psychotherapy Helps Depression
Another word of warning : we know it says " the 10 best " in the headline , but because there are so many great webcomics out there , any list was always going to be controversial ; we 've had to leave off MegaTokyo and Ctrl +
Alt +
Del , for heaven 's sake , to name just two .
Black holes are famous for having a gravitational field that is so potent that light cannot escape its pull .
But that same gravitational pull causes nearby matter to reach energies that results in a prodigious amount of radiation , from regular light up to X - rays and beyond .
Researchers have attempted to model the behavior of matter as it gets drawn into accretion disks near a black hole in order to understand this radiation , but the conditions in these areas are difficult to reproduce on Earth .
Now , a consortium of researchers from China , Japan , and Korea have figured out how to use a 300 GigaWatt laser to reproduce conditions near the accretion disk , and have successfully reproduced the spectrum observed near both black holes and neutron stars .
In many cases , black holes and neutron stars form in binary systems , and their intense gravitational pull can be sufficient to strip matter off their companion star .
That matter gets drawn into a disk of gas centered on the black hole , where some of it is slowly dragged into the black hole .
This process can produce luminous jets of matter that move at close to the speed of light as it exits the system along magnetic field lines that extend from the poles of the black hole .
Within the disk itself , the matter nearest the black hole is heated by energetic collisions as it's drawn towards the event horizon .
The light from that matter also ionizes the material towards the outer edge of the disk , resulting in high energy radiation that we can detect using equipment like the space - based Chandra X-ray Observatory .
Astrophysicists have been able to model the behavior of this matter and get their models to produce the sort of spectrum we 've observed from objects like Cygnus X - 3 .
But it 's been rather difficult to reproduce these conditions on Earth and perform a sanity check on the models .
The problem is n't , as you might expect , recreating the dense conditions where frictional heating prevails ; we 're actually relatively good at that .
Instead , the challenge is that the matter nearer the edge of the disk is n't that hot , but it gets ionized by the intense radiation in the environment .
So far , we 've not been nearly so good at stripping electrons off a relatively cold gas .
The researchers used the GEKKO - XII laser at Osaka University to vaporize a plastic shell , producing the sort of hot , dense plasma we 've typically studied .
But they used a second laser to vaporize a nearby sample of silicon to an energy that was over an order of magnitude lower .
Their timing was precise enough that the radiation from the hot plasma hit the silicon while it was still in a plasma , creating the sort of radiation - induced ionization that is thought to predominate in an accretion disk .
The experiment was set up so that only the radiation emitted by the silicon was measured .
As an aside , it 's worth spending a moment considering the technical achievement involved in getting two powerful lasers to fire into a confined space with such precise timing .
Although silicon is almost certainly not the most common element in an accretion disk , the radiation detected in the experiment is produced by electrons reoccupying the inner most orbitals , which should typify the materials that are common in the disk .
The researchers refer to electron transitions occurring in " helium - like " silicon ions .
A comparison of the radiation produced by the experimental samples is shown directly above observational data obtained by Chandra from two binary systems , one with a neutron star , the other containing a black hole candidate , and it's clear that some of the features of the spectrum closely match those from natural sources .
But the convenience of measuring this radiation in a controlled environment is also clear , given the apparent precision of the Chandra measurements .
As a result of the more detailed measurements , the authors have produced results that suggest astronomers may have been feeding their models a variable that 's not entirely reflective of physical reality .
The variable is supposed to reflect a combination of the radiation intensity and target density , and astronomers have assumed a range of typical values .
Using this experimental system , however , the authors ' have come up with a number that 's outside the range used by astronomers .
It 's important to note that this is n't a difference between experimental data and models .
The authors of the new paper still had to use a model to understand what was happening in their sample to produce the spectrum they observed .
The difference is that they were able to feed their model data with a much higher precision , and understood the conditions that produced the data lot better .
Nature Physics , 2009 .
DOI : 10.1038/nphys1402
Listing image by NASA 's Astronomy Picture of the Day
Iran 's moral police have arrested a dozen couples for engaging in illicit sexual acts , including swapping partners , the conservative reported on Monday .
The report said the couples and another individual were running a website , Iran Multiplication , which was aimed at promoting illicit sexual relations .
The couples were said to have carried out sexual acts in the presence of each other and several times with multiple partners , the report added .
Those arrested held university degrees , while some were government employees and had children .
The newspaper gave no further details about their identities or when or where they were arrested .
By Stacy Feldman
An aerial view of a sawmill that processes logs from the Amazon rainforest that is being inspected by Para state policemen and environmental inspectors in Tailandia , 180 km ( 112 miles ) south of Belem at the mouth of the Amazon River , February 13 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Paulo Santos
BARCELONA , Spain , Nov 3 ( SolveClimate ) - Developing nations could end up being paid billions of dollars to raze rainforests and build palm oil plantations in their place if the current text of the Copenhagen climate treaty sticks , a group of advocates warned at the United Nations climate talks on Tuesday .
It ’s not set in stone .
Negotiators could still reinsert a 10 - word phrase that was sliced from the treaty language , but that would have to happen by Friday , the last day of the U.N. talks in Barcelona .
Barcelona is the last stop for global warming delegates before the Copenhagen summit starts on December 7 .
After that , negotiators must whittle down the bloated text , not add to it , as instructed by the U.N. Secretariat .
“ There is enormous pressure to reduce down , ” Andrea Johnson of the non-governmental Environmental Investigation Agency told SolveClimate .
“ And safeguards have been discussed already more than anything else since August . ”
The 10 - word provision — “ safeguards against the conversion of natural forests to forest plantations ” — was part of the proposal on Reducing Emissions from Deforestation and Degradation , known as REDD .
The words were enclosed in brackets .
Meaning , they were still up for negotiation .
The phrase vanished completely on the last day of UN climate talks in Bangkok in October .
The cut came from the European Union , with support from the Democratic Republic of the Congo and several other Congo Basin countries .
Afterwards , the European Commission ’s chief negotiator called the word change “ an unfortunate mishap . ”
Twenty countries are said to be in favor of restoring the phrase .
Two days into talks in Barcelona , however , that has n’t happened .
Many developing nations , including the United States , have remained silent on the issue .
“ The protection of intact natural forests should be a core element of REDD , but so far it is still not in any text proposals , ” said Peg Putt of The Wilderness Society .
“ Barcelona may be the last chance for forests , and we need Parties to step up and say so . ”
Hope remains .
Before Barcelona , reports surfaced that the UK would push to undo the so - called Bangkok mistake .
Brazil ’s climate negotiator Thelma Krug told SolveClimate , “ I am 100 percent confident it is going to be there ” by Friday .
If it is n’t , the implications could be huge .
Forests are carbon sinks , sucking up carbon from the atmosphere and using it to grow .
Deforestation has the opposite effect , releasing CO2 back into the atmosphere .
Today , more than 20 percent of global greenhouse gas emissions come from deforestation .
A study by the World Agroforestry Center , in collaboration with the Indonesian Palm Oil Commission , found that palm oil plantations store an average of 40 tons of carbon per hectare .
That compares with untouched “ temperate moist forests , ” which store an average of 377 tons of carbon per hectare , according to a study published in July in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
Tropical rainforests store 171 tons of carbon per hectare .
REDD is seen as a relatively cheap way to stop the practice and cut CO2 emissions quickly .
Its underlying premise is to reward developing countries with billions of dollars in “ carbon credits ” for conserving their tropical forests .
But for REDD to be successful , primary forests must be protected over vested palm oil interests .
“ Maintaining primary forests must be REDD ’s top priority , as these forests store the most carbon and improve permanence through greater resiliency than degraded forests , ” a new report by British - based Global Witness explains .
Palm oil plantations have very little carbon - storage capacity and bring severe biodiversity loss .
Without the safeguard provision , REDD would create a perverse economic incentive to clear forests to plant a polluting cash crop , environmentalists warn .
In recent years , there ’s been a palm oil explosion .
The growth stems from increasing demand in cooking oil , but an increasing chunk of new plantations are being used to meet biofuel mandates in wealthy nations .
Indonesia and Malaysia have the most existing plantations .
Large swathes of forests in both countries have been cleared to fuel the boom .
Newer markets in Latin America are beginning to balloon , with signs of massive growth on the horizon .
With out the safeguards in the Copenhagen text , REDD dollars could end up funding the expansion .
Vardy ’s Jewelers has been creating unique jewelry in Cupertino since 1981 .
Vardy ’s Jewelers creates distinctive jewelry with timeless style .
Old world European craftsmanship meets contemporary technology to present an extraordinary offering of custom and artistic designs of heirloom quality , designed and created on the premises .
Explore excellence in colored diamonds , traditional diamonds , colored gems and pearls and the infinite possibilities for custom settings wrought from precious metals at Vardy ’s Jeweler ’s in Cupertino .
Vardy is a master goldsmith in the European tradition , with four decades of experience .
Vardy works along side his children and staff , who all share his passion for fine jewelry and unequaled customer service .
He describes his motivation : “ Working with people to capture their wishes and desires in fine jewelry is very satisfying .
Seeing their faces when I hand them their finished piece is my greatest reward .
I am proud that 90 % of my business is repeat or referral business .
Our policy is that every customer leaves with a smile . ”
Calculation aims to take risk out of deciding whether follow - ups to cinema hits will be a sure thing , or a disastrous gamble
Ever wondered why Spider - Man 2 triumphed and Basic Instinct 2 bombed ?
Now a group of academics have come up with a mathematical formula to predict the fortunes of a film sequel .
Hollywood has long known a follow - up is a fairly safe bet and franchises from Pirates of the Caribbean to Star Wars have dominated cinema schedules for years .
But until now decisions about what to invest in a sequel or how much to pay for rights to a franchise have been based on some simple rules of thumb and a good dose of gut feeling .
Based on factors such as whether key stars are still on board , how long it has been since the last film and how that performed , the researchers say they can calculate what producers can expect to gross relative to a film in the same genre that is not a sequel .
" It is the industry of dreams , an industry of illusions , and lots of people go bust .
The idea here is to put some more analytical thinking into the process , " says Professor Thorsten Hennig - Thurau , of Cass Business School in London .
With follow - up films enjoying widespread box office success and strong DVD sales , financial investors and film companies compete aggressively to acquire sequel rights .
The Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles franchise was recently sold for $ 60 m ( £ 36 m ) and the rights to the Terminator franchise go on sale later this month .
The academics hope their formula will help those participating in a growing trend for auctions for such franchises .
" I want this industry to recognise that it is not as different to other sectors as it thinks it is .
What we are talking about here is brand extension .
How else would you come up with an adequate value or price ?
Now everyone can work out what a sequel right might be worth , " says Hennig - Thurau .
The research , which will be published in the Journal of Marketing this month , examined data from all 101 movie sequels released in North American theatres between 1998 and 2006 and a matched subsample of stand - alone films with similar characteristics .
According to the formula , upcoming sequel The Twilight Saga : New Moon should be expected to return $ 34 m more for the producers in its US run than a comparable vampire / teen romance movie with the same characteristics that is not a sequel .
The figure is calculated by projecting an overall revenue of $ 267 m in the US , of which $ 130.6 m would flow back to the producing studio .
Once this figure is adjusted for risk – at a level of 75 % – the producers can expect to generate $ 109 m in revenue .
An alternative " twin " movie has projected revenues of $ 198 m , leading to producer revenues of $ 96.9 m , which , accounting for 75 % risk , equals $ 65.5 m .
" Movies like the Twilight sequel New Moon are highly lucrative and relatively safe bets if key parameters , such as original cast , are maintained , " says Hennig - Thurau .
Star continuity is where Basic Instinct 2 went wrong – no Michael Douglas .
" The time difference between the two films was very , very long and actor continuity was halved in that you only had Sharon Stone and it was a pretty aged Sharon Stone , " he added .
On the whole , however , sequels do well and often outperform the original .
That is especially true now studios are presenting films as a franchise with a narrative woven throughout several instalments .
" We are not really talking about sequels any more .
We are talking about films that are conceived of as longer plays than one film ...
You are saying to the audience : ' This is a story , you have got to stick with it . '
You buy into that particular number of films that will be coming out , " says David Hancock , head of film and cinema at media research company Screen Digest .
Underlining that audience loyalty , Hancock notes that in the US last year , just 4.2 % of releases were franchise films but they accounted for 20.6 % of box office takings .
All this is a far cry from the law of diminishing returns of the 1970s and 80s .
" The advent of home video around the mid-1980s changed the trend as larger audiences watched films at home and then flocked to see the next instalment when it arrived in local cinemas , " says Mark Batey , chief executive of the Film Distributors ' Association .
So in the 1990s the second film in the Austin Powers series grossed nearly five times the box - office take of the first one .
A more recent example , the revival of the Star Trek franchise this summer , saw JJ Abrams 's new film gross £ 21 m in UK cinemas , which is more than double the return of any of the previous 10 Star Trek feature films .
" There is clearly a public appetite for new stories taking favourite characters on new adventures and from an industry point of view , there is arguably less risk in investing in the production and release of a property which has a proven track record , " says Batey .
For film producers fighting lacklustre DVD sales , sequels bring an added benefit .
Hennig - Thurau 's research showed that DVD sales of the original movie often spike when a sequel hits the cinema screens .
Once that sequel is out on DVD it also has a good chance of strong sales .
The first week of DVD sales often outperforms the early days of cinema release , according to the British Video Association .
" It 's clear , by straightforward comparison of sales data , that sequels comprise a growing proportion of DVD sales .
The number of sequels that appear in the latest annual DVD sales charts has doubled since the mid-1990s , " says BVA head Lavinia Carey .
DVD charts and cinema rankings packed with the likes of Shrek the Third , Transformers 2 and Ice Age 3 have , of course , incited the wrath of film critics worried about a lack of creativity .
Cinema - goers have also complained of " sequelitis " .
Such criticism may have been justified in the days when making a sequel was a relatively lazy process of playing on the name , recognition and fan - base of the first successful film , says Hancock .
But now studios have woken up to the perils of milking a brand too far .
" The nadir of sequels was Police Academy .
What happened there was , hey we 're essentially flogging a dead horse ...
But producers do learn from their mistakes .
They know they flogged a dead horse in the 1980s and I do n't think you are going to see us go to nine or 10 in franchises now . "
The Film Distributors '
Association is keen to argue , however , that sequel mania does leave room for original stories .
Slumdog Millionaire is one of the top films of 2009 while The Full Monty remains one of the most successful British films ever released .
" With 500 films released in UK cinemas each year , the blockbuster sequels tend to be concentrated in the top 40 , but there 's plenty of other choice for film fans during the year , " says Batey .
CSS backgrounds are an important part of web design .
The property is where you add the colors and images that sit behind your content , which controls much of the aesthetics of your site .
Remove your CSS backgrounds and your site will probably be text on a white background .
While relatively easy to understand , CSS backgrounds often lead to some questions and confusion when it comes to pulling off specific techniques .
Let ’s see if we can clear up some of that confusion and then answer a few of those technique specific questions .
What Are CSS Backgrounds ?
CSS backgrounds are pretty much what the name implies .
They ’re something you add to the background of an element .
More specifically they are colors and images that sit behind whatever content is added inside the element .
When developing a css driven site these background colors and images are usually responsible for most of the design elements in your template .
The background of the element is defined according to the css box model .
Margins are not included as part of the background , but borders , paddings , and the width of the content are included .
There are 5 background properties you can apply to a css selector , 4 of which apply to background images :
background - color — sets the background color of an element .
The color can be specified as a hex value , an rgb value , or by one of the limited color names .
The background - color can also be set as transparent or it can be set to inherit the background - color of its parent element .
— sets the background color of an element .
The color can be specified as a hex value , an rgb value , or by one of the limited color names .
The background - color can also be set as transparent or it can be set to inherit the background - color of its parent element .
background - image — sets an image as the background of an element and it ’s value will look like url ( “ path - to - an - image ” ) .
The background - image property can also have values of none and inherit
— sets an image as the background of an element and it ’s value will look like url ( “ path - to - an - image ” ) .
The background - image property can also have values of none and inherit background - repeat — sets how a background - image is repeated .
Values are repeat , no - repeat , repeat-x , repeat-y , and inherit
— sets how a background - image is repeated .
Values are repeat , no - repeat , repeat-x , repeat-y , and inherit background - attachment — set how the background image will move with the page .
It can scroll ( moves with the element as the page scrolls ) , remain fixed ( stays in position even when the page is scrolled ) , or inherit from the parent element
— set how the background image will move with the page .
It can scroll ( moves with the element as the page scrolls ) , remain fixed ( stays in position even when the page is scrolled ) , or inherit from the parent element background - position — sets the starting position of the background image within the element .
Images can be set to start vertically at the top , center , or bottom and horizontally at the left , center , or right .
The background position can also be set to start a fixed amount or a % from the top left corner of the element .
CSS Background Shortcut
While you can specify each background property ( PDF ) individually , in practice you ’ll want to use the shortcut .
When using the shortcut you should specify properties in the following order : color , image , repeat , attachment , position .
div {background : # 0088 ff , url ( " path - to - an - image " ) , repeat-x , scroll , top left}
You do n’t need to specify all the properties when using the shortcut , but you do want to use the right order .
Any property you do n’t specify will be assigned a default value as follows :
background - color : transparent
background - image : none
background - repeat : repeat
background - attachment : scroll
background - position : 0 % 0 %
You can for example use the shortcut as in the following
background : #0077ff
background : url ( " path - to - image " ) no-repeat
background : url ( " path - to - image " ) top left
In each of the above lines of code the default values will be used for the properties not specifically mentioned .
CSS Background Images are not HTML Images
One important concept to understand is that images you set with a css background do not behave the same way as an image you set using the html < img > tag .
An html img tag creates a new box .
A css background image is placed in an existing box .
You ca n’t add padding or margins or a border to a css background image .
You do n’t set a width and height on a css background image .
Because an html image is a new box it has width and height , paddings and margins , and a border .
It can also have a css background image applied to it .
I ’m not sure how often this is done in practice , but you can add a background image behind an html image if you ’d like .
photo credit : comedy_nose
Solutions to Common CSS Background Questions
While the background property is fairly easy to understand and use there still arise a variety of questions around it .
1 . Why wo n’t my background image show ?
This is usually because the element has no width or height .
Remember a background image does n’t create a box .
It fills the existing box .
If that box has no width or height there ’s nothing to fill .
The solution is to give your element some dimensions .
You can explicitly set a height and width on the element ( not the background image ) or fill the element with some content creating a height and width .
In some cases you do have content inside the element , but all that content has been floated taking it out of the normal document flow .
When that happens the containing element ( where you ’re wanting to add the background ) technically has no dimensions .
You can add the overflow property to the element to force it to have dimensions as though the floated elements inside were still part of the normal document flow .
2. Can I use multiple background images ?
Yes and no .
The CSS3 spec allows for multiple background images , but since all browsers have n’t quite adopted the CSS3 spec you ’ll want to hold off on multiple background images for awhile .
However remember that all html elements can have a background applied .
Say you have a div which contains an h2 element and a paragraph .
You could apply background images to each and by controlling other css properties you can often achieve the same effect you want .
You could also add more html divs and spans inside or outside your element to have more places to add a background .
This does get somewhat clunky , but it can work .
3 . How do I swap background images when hovering over an element ?
You can do this in 2 ways .
Add a new css rule for your element : hover and either change the background - image property to point to a new image or have your image be a css sprite and change it ’s background - position to show a different part of your sprite image .
It ’s important to note that older versions of IE only accept : hover on a link element so you ’ll need a little javascript to make this magic happen for IE .
My preference is the suckerfish solution , which is the same solution I use for drop down menus .
4 . How can I make my background images transparent ?
Unfortunately you can’t .
You can set transparency on the element , but not specifically on the background image .
If you do set transparency on the element know that everything inside the element will get that same transparency .
Depending on your situation you may find it best to add the transparency when creating the image in Photoshop .
That way you can control the look of the image , though you still wo n’t be able to see through the image .
5 . Can I set a background image on my table , table row , or table cell ?
Yes .
Each is an html element and so takes the background property .
However tables have a complex way in which backgrounds are determined through the use of layers and transparency , which can be seen in the following image .
The background for an element in one layer is only visible if the layers above it have a transparent background .
That can be a little confusing to get working right , which is why many people fall back on html attributes to set backgrounds on tables .
Fortunately transparent is the default so the layers above should already be transparent .
Once you start adding backgrounds to one part of the table , though it can become more complex to work out .
6 . Can I add background images to borders ?
Not yet .
This is another of those coming in CSS3 things .
You can use it now if you do n’t mind it not working across all browsers .
7. Can I add background images to lists ?
Yes .
Lists are html elements and so can take a background image .
Here ’s a simple way to set the background - image property to use an image of your choice as the bullet in a list .
8 . How do I add padding to a background image ?
As I mentioned above a background image does n’t create a new css box so you ca n’t give it padding .
What you want to do is use the background - position property to offset where the image appears .
9 . How do I align a background image to the right ?
Similar to the above question , this is a background - position thing .
Use a value of right in your background - position and the image will be aligned to the right edge of the element .
10 .
Why wo n’t my background image show when printing ?
You do n’t have control over this for good reason .
It takes a lot of ink to print an image and many people would prefer not to print them .
Whether or not to print background images is set in the browser by the individual .
I ’d recommend not forcing the issue , but you can try this workaround to sort of force printing on css background images .
11 . How do I stretch a background image to fit an element ?
Once CSS3 is fully here you ’ll be able to do this with the background - size property .
Until then you can try to fake it .
Another possible solution that may fit your needs is to create an image much wider than you need and set the background - position to 50 % 50 % .
This will center your background image inside the element and as the element grows wider more of your image gets revealed , while the entire image remains centered .
Not exactly stretching , but useful for ensuring your image fills the space even as the space grows larger .
12 . Can I wrap a link around my background image
No .
Again background images do not create boxes .
The solution is to add the link around all the content inside the html element or wrap the link around the element itself .
Which you would use depends on the specific html element and the content inside that element .
Summary
Hopefully the above clears up some confusion you may have when it comes to working with the css background property or offers a solution to a problem you ’ve had .
The key point to remember is that css backgrounds do not create new boxes .
They only fill existing html boxes .
Understanding that point will help you see what you can and ca n’t do with background images .
CSS backgrounds are a vital part of giving your design its look and feel .
Most of the images you ’ll create for your site ’s template will want to be set using the background property so it ’s a good property to become familiar with and learn how to master .
If you have any questions or problems using the css background property please ask , and I ’ll do my best to find a solution for you .
« Prev PostNext Post »
Download a free sample from my book , Design Fundamentals .
Online toddler games to play using keyboard ( PC ) or touchscreen ( Android or iPad )
We love your site and all the games .
It keeps out three - year - old with special needs entertained for an hour at a time .
Nothing else holds his attention like your games .
Thanks and best regards , Sean A .
Just heard about your website from a friend and I think it ’s brilliant !!
My little boy is just over 2yrs and he loves it !
Kind regards , Chantelle ’ W .
My little ones love this site !
A few years ago i stumbled upon it while looking for a game for my 2 year old .
It ’s perfect for little fingers to just pound on the keyboard .
now 2 years later my 4 month old is fascinated and fusses if we turn it off !
My 4 year old loves the updated version and new “ games ” .
GREAT JOB !
Michelle H.
I was just giving my 2 year old a bath and he was playing with the foam letters and numbers .
When I asked him to name them , he could name every one , much to my surprise !
He loves the KneeBouncers games and I know they were instrumental in helping him learn so quickly and in such a fun way !
Jenny W .
LOVE LOVE LOVE the site my almost 2 year can navigate it all by herself !
Nya E .
My 3 yr old LOVES KneeBouncers !
I am so happy to have stumbled across it !
It helps us get through some long cranky days where nothing else seems to keep him happy !
He also loves that he thinks he is “ teaching ” me how to play the games .
hehehe Ang S .
8 Reasons Businesses Ca n’t Connect Business Strategy and IT Strategy
Last week I met with a client to discuss a presentation I ’m going to do for his company .
The client company has a good process in place for business strategy , and they have the beginnings of an IT strategy .
But they ’re having difficulty connecting the business strategy and the IT strategy , and they want me to help them .
There are a lot of reasons companies have difficulty connecting the business strategy and the IT strategy .
Here are eight :
1. Strategy is a Secret
Business executives often keep the business strategy a secret , and do n’t share it except on a need - to - know basis .
So the important information that can guide the direction of every employee in the company is kept under wraps .
After all , we would n’t want our competitors to find out .
The situation reminds me of a Dilbert cartoon I once saw .
A hacker breaks into the company ’s system and discovers the company ’s business strategy .
Dilbert asks , “ Did he post it on the Internet ?
I ’d like to read it . ”
2. No CIO Participation in Strategy
In companies where the CIO does n’t report to the CEO , the CIO usually does n’t participate in the creation of the business strategy .
3. Technology is n’t Important Strategically
In many companies , the business executives do n’t see how CIO experience and knowledge could contribute to the creation of a business strategy .
“ After all , ” they naively think , “ why would technology impact the future of the company ? ”
4. IT Does n’t Need to Know
Executives do n’t see why IT should need to know where the company is headed .
The executives know that large IT projects — like large building construction projects — often take a long time to accomplish , but somehow they do n’t translate that knowledge into a desire to give the IT organization more time to get ready for future large IT project .
Or worse , the executives do n’t understand that business assumptions are at the heart of IT systems , and that when the business strategy changes , those assumptions and systems may have to change as well .
5. Strategy = Vague
Business strategy is often written in very high - level terms that really do n’t convey much useful information ( to business or IT people ) .
Even if the IT organization sees the strategy , there is n’t much that the IT organization ( or anyone else ) can learn from it .
6. Strategy = Objectives
There ’s a tendency to confuse strategy and objectives .
Many business “ strategies ” contain a list of objectives like “ increase sales 20 % ” or “ expand into Country X ” which do n’t really describe your strategy for accomplishing those objectives .
How are you going to increase sales ?
Are you going to add more salespeople ?
Are you going to implement a new marketing campaign ?
How are you going to expand into Country X ?
Are you going to acquire a business in Country X ?
Are you going to open an office in Country X from scratch ?
Without knowing the strategy behind those objectives , the information is pretty useless .
And yes , I realize that the actual strategy for accomplishing those objectives is then worked out in subsequent meetings .
But why is n’t the result of those subsequent meetings considered important enough to include in the strategy document ( or at least in some strategy document ) ?
Instead , those “ details ” are often never documented at all .
7. Strategy Omits the Omissions
Most strategy documents do n’t include one of the most important parts of a strategy : the list of things that the business wo n’t do .
In many cases this list can provide guidance to IT ( and other parts of the business ) on areas where short - cuts can be taken .
For example , if you have no intention of expanding or selling internationally then IT does n’t have to worry about multi-currency orders and accounting .
If you have no plans for selling direct to consumers — you ’ll always use distributors — then that implies a different type of systems emphasis .
8. Strategy = Evolutionary
Many processes for the creation of business strategy treat the strategy as an evolutionary step from the previous strategy rather than a revolutionary response to changing times .
Relatively few business strategy sessions start out by brainstorming answers to the questions “ What has changed in the world since we last had this conversation ?
How have people ’s views of their environment changed ?
What new tools and technologies exist that might impact our customers ’ perception of our products and services ?
What new tools and technologies are now reliable and affordable enough for us to apply in improving our products , our services , our processes , or our way of communicating with our customers ? ”
Conclusion
The presentation I ’m going to do for my client is going to highlight some of these issues , and illustrate the impact of business strategy on IT by using a few examples .
In the presentation , I want to make these points :
Business strategy has to be specific enough to be actionable and unambiguous .
Giving IT visibility into the business strategy can make your IT organization more effective in their role of implementing parts of that strategy .
IT information about viable cost - effective technology can influence the direction that your company is taking in certain strategic areas .
For that reason ( and to facilitate better communication ) , IT ought to be represented in the business strategic planning process .
Try to get this message across in your own organization .
And let me know if you want my help .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
This post first appeared at TomDispatch .
It ’s now a commonplace occurence of the Afghan War .
Western leaders in London , Berlin , Amsterdam , and Washington , as well as on flying visits to Kabul or even Kandahar , excoriate Afghan President Hamid Karzai for the “ corruption ” of his government .
In return for their ongoing support , they repeatedly demand that he take significant action to “ step up efforts to root out crime and corruption , ” that he , in fact , “ arrest and prosecute corrupt officials . ”
Can there be any question that there is a plethora of corrupt officials to arrest ?
The president ’s brother , Ahmed Wali Karzai , reportedly on the CIA payroll , is also , as it ’s politely put in the press , a “ suspected player in the country ’s booming illegal opium trade . ”
Ahmad Rateb Popal , the president ’s cousin and another figure long linked to the drug trade , runs a local security company protecting American supply convoys that , according to Aram Roston of the Nation magazine , is involved in an industry - wide protection scam , using American Army money to pay off the Taliban not to attack .
In addition , American arms and ammunition are clearly ending up in Taliban hands .
The recent presidential election was a spectacle of fraud ; the Afghan Army , despite years of training , may hardly exist ( as Ann Jones reported for this site in September ) ; the ill - paid , ill - trained Afghan police are known to operate on the principle of corruption ; and a surprisingly small percentage of foreign reconstruction funds actually makes it out of the pockets of big private contractors and western specialists , as well as security firms , and into Afghan hands .
And then , of course , there ’s Kabul ’s “ Obama market . ”
( In the period when the Soviets ruled Kabul , it was the “ Brezhnev market ” in honor of the Russian leader , and decades later the “ Bush market . ” )
This “ notorious bazaar ” is “ full of chow and supplies bought or stolen from the vast US military bases , ” according to Jay Price of the McClatchy newspapers , who calls the name “ a modest counterweight to [ Obama ’s ] Nobel Peace Prize . ”
His description includes the following : “ One shop offered an expensive military - issue sleeping bag , tactical goggles like those used by US troops and a stack of plastic footlockers , including one stenciled ‘ Campbell G Co. 10th Mtn Div . ’
Another had a sophisticated ‘ red - dot ’ optical rifle sight of a kind often used by soldiers and contractors . ”
In other words , from the American , European , and Japanese reconstruction boondoggle to the presidential palace , from the US and Afghan military to street - level , the country is a klepto - state .
As number 179 , it misses by only one place taking the rock - bottom spot in Transparency International ’s latest global corruption index .
Of course , what else could be expected in a situation in which the nation ’s main source of funds is either narcotics — the country now accounts for a staggering 92 % of global opium production — or foreign aid ?
To demand that President Karzai takes “ steps ” to “ root out crime and corruption ” is , under the circumstances , an absurdity , no matter how many special task forces to investigate graft he forms under Western pressure .
It ’s like asking him — to mix metaphors — either to put a gun to his head or drink the sea .
Consider it a measure of Afghan realities today that you can hardly read a piece about the country in the Western press without the word “ corruption ” lurking somewhere in it , and yet the reporting on how that system of corruption actually works has generally been thin indeed .
If you want a peek at such a system in action , though , check out , Pratap Chatterjee ’s recent piece from Kabul at TomDispatch , “ Paying Off the Warlords . ”
It offers a rare inside look at how a pervasive system of nepotism and corruption — involving the country ’s old “ warlords ” from the days of the post - Soviet civil war and its new corporate “ reconstruction ” raiders — actually works .
Make no mistake , this is not a system amenable to “ reform . ”
Last week ’s back - and - forth in the Senate was emblematic of a process that has at times seemed on the brink of anarchy .
Lawmakers have missed many deadlines , including the one Mr. Obama set for all five Congressional committees to wrap up work by August .
( Only four did . )
Even close allies of the White House sometimes questioned its approach .
“ It felt like it was getting out of control at the end of July and in the beginning of August , ” said John D. Podesta , a former chief of staff to President Bill Clinton who informally advises the Obama White House .
“ People were getting nervous that it was going every which way . ”
Mr. Podesta said the president risked “ giving too much rope to a Congress that is liked a lot less than he is . ”
Image Speaker Nancy Pelosi , second from right , at an event last week for the House health care bill .
Credit ... Luke Sharrett / The New York Times
Mr. Obama said early on that he would not repeat the mistakes of Mr. Clinton , who wrote his own detailed plan , only to see it fall flat on Capitol Hill .
Instead , the president set out broad principles  an approach that the House speaker , Nancy Pelosi of California , acknowledged at a rally last week , when she thanked Mr. Obama for “ the intellectual contributions ” he had made to the legislation .
The president ’s distance caught Congressional Democrats by surprise .
It took them months to realize that Mr. Obama would not weigh in on some issues , like the precise shape of a government insurance plan .
One House Democrat called it a “ a laissez - faire strategy . ”
But in an interview in his West Wing office on Friday evening , Mr. Emanuel  joined by other top members of Mr. Obama ’s health care team  disputed that characterization .
He said the White House had given “ leeway to legislators to legislate , ” but “ not leeway to take a policy off track . ”
Mr. Emanuel also said it was no accident that “ the basic bones ” of the House and Senate legislation were , despite some big differences , quite similar .
“ While there was a cry for more presidential direction , ” he said , “ that direction was being provided by the president ’s staff . ”
Evolution should be taught early , scientists advised Primary school children in England will have to learn about evolution and British history under a shake - up of the national curriculum .
Schools Minister Vernon Coaker says the subjects will be compulsory elements of a new primary school curriculum being introduced in 2011 .
Scientists and humanists had lobbied ministers for the inclusion of evolution in the theme - based timetable .
History is already compulsory , but there were fears it would be sidelined .
Schools will not be told which parts of British history to teach .
Earlier this year , when the curriculum changes were announced , critics complained that children would learn more about the internet than history .
Ministers say they want to " reinforce " history by making it a statutory element of the new primary curriculum .
Campaign
The curriculum is set out in a new education Bill just introduced to Parliament .
It was drawn up after a review by Sir Jim Rose , which called for distinct subjects to be replaced by six new " areas of learning " .
Mr Coaker said : " What and how our children learn lies at the heart of our policies to raise standards .
" We 've seen that an inspiring and rigorous curriculum can transform failing schools , which is why these plans are based on the very best practice from this country 's top - class teachers . "
He added : " Teachers will have more freedom to use their professional judgement and creativity to make links between subjects that make sense to their pupils : from linking history to the arts , or science to PE . "
Evolution is arguably the most important concept underlying the life sciences
Andrew Copson , British Humanist Association The British Humanist Association ( BHA ) had led a campaign to have Darwin 's theory of how life evolved through natural selection made a compulsory element of the new primary curriculum .
It organised a public letter signed by more than 500 from scientists and supporters .
Andrew Copson of the BHA said : " This is excellent news .
Evolution is arguably the most important concept underlying the life sciences .
" Providing children with an understanding of it an early age will help lay the foundations for a surer scientific understanding later on . "
He added : " Public authorities clearly need to do more to tackle the growing threat to the public 's understanding of science from creationist - inspired beliefs and other pseudoscience " .
Evolution is already taught in secondary schools and many primary schools , but under the curriculum changes , it will become compulsory for primary pupils , with the recommendation that they are taught the subject in their later years at school .
The new curriculum says schools must " investigate and explain how plants and animals are interdependent and are diverse and adapted to their environment by natural selection " .
Professor Sir Martin Taylor , vice - president of the Royal Society , said : " We are delighted to see evolution explicitly included in the primary curriculum .
" One of the most remarkable achievements of science over the last two hundred years has been to show how humans and all other organisms on the earth arose through the process of evolution . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
What I am about to show you is known as the Design Circle or 360 Degree Design principle .
It states that you initial design and / or layout is usually correct , but it will never be accepted by the client who will keep changing it until he gets back exactly what he started with .
Let me illustrate this using an example .
I was asked to put together a simple static page existing website .
It was a bio of a VIP of some sort with name , title , picture and some text .
The headers , footers , color scheme and the off - color sidebar part seen in the picture below were all parts of the existing design .
All I really needed to do is to copy and paste the text into the template and then put the picture somewhere .
The sidebar area on the page is not really used for navigation but for displaying quotes and / or images related to the content ( the navigation is in the header ) .
Thus , it seemed a natural place to put the picture .
My original layout looked like this :
I sent the sample to the client and she was not entirely pleased .
She asked me if we could “ move the picture under the name ” .
I did n’t really know what that meant , and she could not explain it .
About 6 emails and a phone call did nothing to actually make this any clearer so I took a guess and did this :
“ Better ” , she responded , “ but it should be to the right ” .
Fair enough , I flipped the image around and sent it back to her :
Apparently that was not what she wanted .
She wanted it “ under the name ” .
We went back and forward trying to define what exactly did it mean .
I even took a screenshot of the website and put a grid over with letters and numbers .
I was like “ right now the picture is in square F5 .
Please tell me which square should it be now and I will make it happen ” .
Of course she ignored the grid and after 5 or 6 more emails she finally told me she wanted it to be “ above the text , right aligned ” .
Hoping that we were finally getting somewhere I repositioned the heading a little bit to accommodate the picture :
This turned out to be wrong .
Apparently this was “ above the name ” according to her .
It did n’t look “ above ” to me – it was aligned with the heading , but whatever .
She explained wanted it “ below the name but above the text ” .
I figured that this translates into not wanting the text to wrap around the picture .
Now that confused me a little bit as it just seemed awkward .
That would push the paragraph down and create a huge gap in the middle of the page .
She said she does n’t mind .
I asked if she wanted to make the picture smaller , but she said it was the right size .
So I did it , knowing full well that it will get rejected :
She admitted that this created to much of a gap the page and she asked me to move it back to the left and have the top of the picture align itself with the top of the name :
Guess what ?
Wrong again .
She wanted the “ far left ” or the sidebar .
Where does this get us ?
Back to the square one :
I took the original design and re-sent it to her .
Verdict : Perfect !
Actually she was very proud of herself for figuring out the right layout .
“ It took quite a bit of tweaking but I think we finally got the right design for this page !
Thanks for your help Luke . ”
No problem !
It ’s not like I have like 20 other projects that are due yesterday sitting on my desk .
It was totally worth the time .
I mean , I ’m really glad we did n’t go with that first draft layout I sent to you .
That would have been a disaster .
I probably should mention this is not the first time this has happened , and not the first person who insisted on going through this exercise .
This is actually a typical design procedure for me .
I make something , they change it and re-design it until they get back to the initial design .
The downside of this is that a simple 5 - 10 minute task turned into a drawn out project that took 3 days to accomplish and required over 20 emails and 4 phone calls to complete .
Fun times .
Based on Lecture Notes from Dr. Naish at CSUF ( Topics in Economic Analysis , Fall 2009 )
In contemporary macroeconomic textbooks the assumption of constant returns to scale and perfect competition are the building blocks of much of the economic growth models and theories .
The models imply that the only method for increasing per capita income is via technological progress .
The following calculations demonstrate that with Increasing Returns to Scale the growth of the population can also be a factor even if there is no technological progress .
Basic Equations and Assumptions :
MACROECONOMIC COBB-DOUGLAS PRODUCTION FUNCTION WITH INCREASING RETURNS TO SCALE
The increasing returns to scale are symbolized by the fact that alpha plus beta is greater than one .
It can be shown that this inequality implies that the produciton function , Y , exhibits increasing returns to scale .
The increasing returns to scale imply that there are cost benefits to operating at a larger scale whether this is achieved through increasing the size of firms , opening up to international trade , or simply by increasing the population of a country is another question that should be handled in the context of the resource constraints and the overall economic goals of a nation .
This derivation is to simply demonstrate that there can be advantages to operating at larger scales even without technological progress which is something most macroeconomic textbooks ignore .
There are 2 other variables which need a more rigorous definition and those are the rate of population growth and the growth rate of capital since both are elements in the production function above .
RATE OF GROWTH OF CAPITAL STOCK
The rate of growth of the capital stock is equal to I , which is investment per period .
Investment is equal to the marginal propensity to save multiplied by total GDP since most savings is in on way or another an investment .
Money saved in the bank become mortgages , loans , and bond purchases by the banks which essentially means that , roughly speaking , investments equal the proportion of savings in an economy .
LABOR AS A FUNCTION OF TIME AND GROWTH RATE
The formula for population growth in this model is an exponential growth model .
The population grows starting from an initial population and grows exponentially as a function of the time multiplied by the growth rate n .
This model of population growth is well suited for developing countries where populations increase at high rates .
A Logistic Model for population growth incorporates both the exponential growth pattern of developing nations as well as the increasing at decreasing rates of growth in industrialized countries .
The exponential model will suit this example well and the marginal benefit of a more accurate population model is less than the cost of using the logistic growth model for most countries in the world .
GROWTH IN THE LABOR FORCE
The following calculation take advantage of the previous derivations of population and capital growth rates to examine how increasing returns to scale can have a higher growth rate in the capital to labor ratio which in turn increase productivity .
This increase in productivity has nothing to do with increases in technological progress , but comes strictly from the benefits of operating at larger scales .
In equilibrium the rate of growth in the capital per workers should be constant since any increase would cause an increase in output and thus by definition the system would not be in equilibrium .
This yields the final equation for growth in the capital to labor ration with no technological progress , but with increasing returns to scale :
THIS FORMULA DEMONSTRATES THE IMPORTANCE OF ECONOMIES OF SCALE IN THE GROWTH OF CAPITAL PER WORKER AND THUS WAGES
Technological progress is not the only way to increase the capital to labor ratio .
The fact that the rate of population growth is included in the rate of capital per worker above in such a manner that demonstrates a positive relationship between increasing rates of population growth and increasing capital to labor ratios is apparent in a country which experiences large increasing returns to scale .
Countries with higher capital to labor ratios have higher GDP per capita and thus higher income .
High income countries tend to have better educated and healthier people so the importance of economies of scale cannot be downplayed much like it has in many books on macroeconomic growth .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Billionaire hedge fund founder Raj Rajaratnam and executives from some of the most prestigious U.S. companies were charged on Friday with the largest hedge fund insider - trading scheme ever .
Galleon hedge fund partner Raj Rajaratnam ( C ) is escorted by FBI agents after being taken into custody in New York , October 16 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Brendan McDermid
Investigators said they used court - approved telephone wire taps for the first time in a Wall Street insider trading case , sending shivers through the hedge fund industry which has traditionally picked up and shared trading tips to make big profits .
At the center of the case are Rajaratnam , his Galleon hedge fund and two executives from hedge fund New Castle , which was a unit of Bear Stearns Asset Management before Bears Stearns Cos collapsed in 2008 , but is still in operation .
Three executives from major American companies IBM , top consulting firm McKinsey & Co and the venture capital arm of chip giant Intel Corp are also facing criminal charges .
" This is not a garden - variety insider trading case , " Preet Bharara , the U.S. Attorney for Manhattan , said at a news conference .
He said the scheme made more than $ 20 million in illegal profits over several years .
here
One of the criminal complaints accuses Rajaratnam , 52 , considered the richest Sri Lankan in the world , of conspiring with Intel Capital treasury department managing director Rajiv Goel and Anil Kumar , a director of McKinsey & Co .
The alleged offenses took place over three years starting in January 2006 .
Galleon had as much as $ 7 billion under management , the complaint said .
Early on Friday evening , a U.S. magistrate judge in New York said Rajaratnam may be released on a $ 100 million personal recognizance bond secured by $ 20 million in cash and property .
In a brief appearance , Rajaratnam sat in court with his arms folded .
The judge restricted his travel to a radius of 110 miles from Manhattan and Rajaratnam , a citizen of both Sri Lanka and the United States , surrendered travel documents .
A prosecutor argued that Rajaratnam was a flight risk , but his lawyer Jim Walden said : “ A court ’s going to learn there ’s a lot more to this case .
There is no way that this man is going to flee . ”
A second criminal complaint accused three other people -- New Castle portfolio manager Danielle Chiesi , New Castle general partner Mark Kurland and Robert Moffat , a senior vice president in the IBM technology group -- of insider trading crimes and earning millions of dollars in illegal profits .
“ It shows that we are targeting white - collar insider trading rings with the same powerful investigative techniques that have worked so successfully against the mob and drug cartels , ” Bharara said .
All six were charged with securities fraud and conspiracy in two criminal complaints filed in U.S. District Court in Manhattan .
Kumar was permitted to be released on a $ 5 million bond , Kurland on a $ 3 million bond , and Moffat and Chiesi on a $ 2 million bond .
In California , Goel posted $ 300,000 cash for bail .
The six were also charged in a separate civil complaint by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) .
The SEC said the accused traded on insider information from 10 companies .
SCHEME TARGETED TOP COMPANY STOCKS
The companies included Hilton Hotels Corp , Google Inc , IBM , Advanced Micro Devices Inc and several other companies .
The prosecutor also fired a warning shot for the rest of Wall Street .
Slideshow ( 7 images )
“ Today , tomorrow , next week , the week after , privileged Wall Street insiders who are considering breaking the law will have to ask themselves one important question :
Is law enforcement listening ? ” he said .
Securities fraud charges carry possible maximum prison sentences of up to 20 years .
Whitney Tilson , founder and managing partner of T2 Partners LLC and the Tilson Mutual Funds said : “ I ’m not surprised that among 8,000 hedge funds there will always be a few rogues behaving badly .
It ’s quite stunning somebody who is already a billionaire could be so foolish . ”
She said that for the “ few dishonest hedge funds , it hopefully will serve as a big wake up call . ”
Rajaratnam , born into a family of well - to - do Tamils in the Sri Lankan capital of Colombo , is one of the largest investors on the Colombo Stock Exchange .
Last month , he pledged $ 1 million to help pay for the rehabilitation of former soldiers of the separatist “ Tamil Tigers , ” which fought 25 years to create a separate state for Sri Lanka ’s minority Tamils but were defeated in May .
But on Friday , he was handcuffed and walked in front of TV cameras as federal agents arrested him .
“ Galleon was shocked to learn today that Raj Rajaratnam was arrested this morning at his apartment , ” Galleon Group LP said in a statement .
“ We had no knowledge of the investigation before it was made public and we intend to cooperate fully with the relevant authorities .
Galleon continues to operate and is highly liquid . ”
An Intel spokesman said Goel , 51 , was placed on administrative leave on Friday .
He said Intel was not aware of the case until Friday and has not been contacted by authorities .
Kumar , also 51 , was on a leave of absence , a McKinsey spokeswoman said .
She said the firm “ was looking into the matter urgently . ”
Chiesi , 43 , worked for New Castle , an equity hedge fund group of Bear Stearns Asset Management before Bear Stearns crumbled in March 2008 , according to the complaint .
Kurland , 60 , was a senior managing director of BSAM , the same unit that ran two funds that suffered fatal mortgage market losses in 2007 .
Representatives for New Castle could not reached for comment .
Moffat , 53 , was group executive of IBM ’s systems and technology group and a 31 - year veteran of the company .
Moffat was accused of passing insider information about an IBM deal with Advanced Micro Devices Inc .
An IBM spokesman declined to comment .
The Galleon case also dealt another black eye for credit rating firm Moody ’s Corp Moody ’s Investors Service , one of the major rating agencies that have been strongly criticized for their role in the global credit crisis .
An analyst at Moody ’s who was involved with evaluating Hilton passed on insider information that Hilton would be acquired by Blackstone Group and that Hilton would likely announce the acquisition before July 4 , 2007 , according to one complaint .
A Moody ’s spokesman said the firm would provide investigators with assistance in its investigation of the matter .
The cases are USA v Raj Rajaratnam et al No. 09 - mj-2306 and USA v Danielle Chiesi et al No. 09 - mj-2307 , U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York .
The Pirate Bay 's BitTorrent tracker is down for good — but that 's by design .
The Pirate Bay has been intermittently unavailable for last few months as copyright holders have pressured its various ISPs to cut off service to the site in the wake of Swedish court decisions against the site 's operators .
Even though BitTorrent is a peer - to - peer network , it relies on . torrent files that are typically hosted on trackers — and The Pirate Bay 's tracker was one of the largest .
When the site was down , the tracker was compromised , and the crew behind the Bay decided that the system relied too much on a single point of failure .
Today The Pirate Bay announced on its blog that the tracker will remain down indefinitely .
The site 's other primary function , indexing , will remain available , but will now rely on a distributed peer - to - peer hash system that does not need centralized trackers .
" Now that the decentralized system for finding peers is so well developed , " said the post , " TPB has decided that there is no need to run a tracker anymore , so it will remain down !
It 's the end of an era , but the era is no longer up2date .
We have put a server in a museum already , and now the tracking can be put there as well . "
In place of tracking comes distributed hash tables ( DHT ) , which have been implemented for years by most leading BitTorrent clients .
Instead of obtaining . torrent files from a central repository , DHT is able to locate files simply by querying other peers in the BitTorrent swarm .
This results in more network overhead and processor power , and it can also cause issues for certain routers — but it also removes a central point of control .
It also allows The Pirate Bay to better make the argument , which it tried in court earlier this year , that it is really just a search engine for . torrent files — like a specialized Google .
One objection to this argument was that TPB actually ran its own tracker and therefore helped to facilitate the actual downloads .
To connect the browsable index on its website to the content in question , The Pirate Bay now offers " magnet links " for most of its content .
Rather than pointing to a . torrent file hosted at some tracker , magnet links simply contain a hash of the file in question .
This hash is passed along to the BitTorrent client , which can then use DHT to find BitTorrent peers who have the file available for download .
For instance , here is an example magnet link :
magnet :?xt=urn:btih:6bd956b1844ee643f51856d636e
da1cbbe9a9fcc&dn=The.Big.Bang .
Theory .
S03E08 . The .
Adhesive .
Duck .
Deficiency .HDTV.Xvi
It 's a fairly simple setup , as you can see .
The magnet link begins with an exact topic ( xt ) , which provides the file 's hash value using BTIH ( BitTorrent Info Hash ) ; the client can then use this hash to search the swarm for this exact file .
This magnet link also includes a display name ( dn ) , which can be used by the client to show users , in human - readable form , what they are downloading .
According to The Pirate Bay , " This is the future .
And the present . "
572
You have bought the perfect dress for the next theme party at your best friend ’s place .
But you feel that you need the right accessories not only ..
In the year 2000 -- against the backdrop of social turmoil , political unrest , and rampant anarchy - - a now - totalitarian United States of America supports a brutal annual event to pacify the masses : the infamous Transcontinental Road Race .
Scoring points simply by running over unsuspecting pedestrians , the national champion driver , Frankenstein , has to race against fast contestants such as the beautiful cowgirl killer , Calamity Jane ; the neo - Nazi , Matilda the Hun ; the Roman gladiator , Nero the Hero , and , first and foremost , the Chicago thug and ambitious challenger , Machine Gun Joe .
Who will score the most points in the violent Death Race 2000 ?
Written by Nick Riganas
Hundreds of pages of documents partially declassified by the Justice department on Friday reveal that the FBI was conducting an investigation of overseas CIA prisons .
The documents were released as part of a lawsuit filed by the American Civil Liberties Union and Judicial Watch , a Washington - based advocacy group .
Many of them were previously released but some of the censoring has been removed .
ADVERTISEMENT
In September of 2002 , FBI officials visiting an overseas prison run by the CIA found prisoners ‘ manacled to the ceiling and subjected to blaring music around the clock ’ , according to the documents .
Handwritten notes attributed to Justice Department officials discuss the possibility of prosecuting CIA employees .
Senior FBI officials questioned the legality and effectiveness of the CIA ’s interrogation methods and prison conditions .
An interrogation involving threats with a gun and power drill was the focus of discussion in the notes , but Justice Department officials eventually declined to prosecute the CIA official .
A 2008 report details the FBI ’s involvement with the interrogation of Ramzi bin al - Shiebh , one of the plotters behind 9/11 .
A sheet of questions were prepared for al - Shiebh with the help of the FBI , but the FBI officials “ were denied direct access to him for four or five days . ”
When the FBI was permitted to see the detainee , he was found “ naked and chained to the floor . ”
The FBI agent told the inspector general that he had “ valuable actionable intelligence ” but the CIA quickly shut down the interview , ruining the case .
Many of the pages of ‘ declassified ’ documents are heavily censored , due to DOJ restrictions .
Scott Horton , a professor at Columbia Law School , has watched the document disclosures shift the focus of a potential investigation .
“ Disclosures increasingly put the core of potentially criminal conduct relating to torture not with CIA agents , but rather with senior figures then at the Justice Department who were busily hushing everything up . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ The key questions here are which DOJ figures were involved in the decision not to prosecute and why did they take those decisions , ” according to Horton .
The September 2002 overseas visit was the last involvement the FBI had with CIA interrogations , according to the New York Times .
Some of the declassified documents can be found here .
Live from City Park Golf Course , it ’s — the weather ?
For the first time since 1995 , Denver has a weather station that measures temperatures and other conditions in the heart of the city .
The station , located near the 12th tee , was unveiled Wednesday morning .
“ The weather around here is very localized , so we are filling in a piece of a puzzle , ” said Larry Mooney , meteorologist in charge at the National Weather Service ’s Denver / Boulder forecast office .
Weather stations are traditionally located at airports , said Byron Louis , the Weather Service ’s data acquisition program manager .
So when Denver International Airport replaced Stapleton more than a decade ago , the weather - forecasting equipment moved to the new airport , 18 miles east of town .
People noticed .
They regularly called TV stations to complain that the weather was n’t monitored in Denver , said Channel 7 ’s chief meteorologist , Mike Nelson .
“ My response has been , ‘ Do n’t complain to the weatherman , complain to your congressman ’ ” because the Weather Service requires funding to build a station , Nelson said .
When Nelson got a different kind of call , requesting ideas for how to go about putting a facility on top of the Denver Museum of Nature & Science , he was more receptive .
Working with museum operations vice president Dave Noel , Nelson brokered a public / private partnership between Denver and Vaisala , a Finnish meteorology - equipment company , as well as the Weather Service and the museum to build the station .
The golf - course station , managed by the museum , relays data by radio signal to the museum , where it is forwarded to the Weather Service .
The state - of - the - art station — a fenced - in antenna about three stories high , tethered by guy wires and festooned with sensors — cost between $ 25,000 and $ 50,000 , said Vaisala president Scott Sternberg , who is based at the company ’s North American headquarters in Louisville .
Elcar Fence donated the fence , and Mercury Electric wired the site .
Weather data collected by the station includes wind speed and direction , temperature , barometric pressure , visibility , relative humidity , dew point , heat index and precipitation .
Checking Denver weather
Although Denver International Airport is still where the city ’s official weather statistics are collected , data from the Denver Museum of Nature & Science weather station can be found on the museum ’s website , dmns.org .
Errors by Census Bureau employees may have resulted in 200 people with criminal records being hired to conduct door - to - door canvassing .
The Census Bureau typically takes fingerprints and performs background checks on workers hired to interact with the public .
But a report by the Government Accountability Office ( GAO ) found that tens of thousands of workers were improperly fingerprinted by bureau employees .
The GAO fears that the name - checks performed on those employees were not sufficient without fingerprints .
" It is possible that more than 200 people with unclassifiable prints had disqualifying criminal records but still worked and had contact with the public during address canvassing , " Robert Goldenkoff of the GAO said in a report to a Senate subcommittee on Wednesday .
Goldenkoff cited the " adequacy of the bureau 's training " as a reason for the improper fingerprints .
He said the bureau " will refine instruction manuals and provide remediation training on proper procedures " to prevent the problem from recurring .
An unfinished project to fit Windows 7 with virtual Wi-Fi devices makes every laptop into a hotspot with the smallest of patches .
The patch comes from Nomadio , who followed Microsoft 's plans for virtual Wi -Fi support until Redmond dumped the project in 2006 .
Nomadio then noticed that most of the code is present in Windows 7 , which can thus be turned into a Wi -Fi hotspot with the aid of a patch the company is handing out free for beta testing .
Software hotspots are nothing new - back when Wi-Fi access points were prohibitively expensive Compaq , amongst others , sold software access points designed to run on PCs , but having the capability built into Windows 7 makes the process much easier , and the plethora of Wi-Fi devices knocking around these days makes the functionality more useful too .
The patch , named Connectify , can even share Wi-Fi connections with other Wi-Fi devices , as CEO Ales Gizis explained to Computerworld : " You 're sitting in a coffee shop that charges you for a wireless connection .
With Connectify , I can pay for that connection , and still have all my other devices , like my iPhone , connected to the Internet . "
Wi-Fi interfacing is getting a lot more functional : Intel 's forthcoming Cliffside technology is all about maintaining multiple Wi-Fi connections , in theory allowing mice and keyboards to connect over ( low - power ) Wi -Fi , which obviously requires multiple connections over one link .
That 's mainly about trying to squeeze a bit more revenue out of the standard , though .
Putting sharing into Windows 7 is n't quite so innovative , but might be useful if you do n't want to pay for multiple connections next time you 're at a hotspot . ®
Shannon Dedrick has been placed in protective custody Police in the US state of Florida have found a baby , reported missing six days ago , alive under her babysitter 's bed .
Seven - month - old Shannon Dedrick was discovered in a box at Susan Baker 's home near the rural town of Chipley .
Investigators say they are planning to charge the babysitter , her husband and the child 's mother .
Shannon 's parents reported her missing on Saturday .
Police searched the woods around the couple 's home , before visiting the Baker house on Wednesday .
" They gave us consent to search the home and we found the baby in a box under a bed , with stuff pushed around the box to hide the baby , " said Washington County Sheriff Bobby Haddock .
We 've had missing children cases in the past , but nothing like this
Sheriff Bobby Haddock Shannon was taken to hospital , but appeared healthy and has been placed in protective custody .
Mr Haddock said Baker , her husband , James Arthur Baker , and the baby 's mother , Chrystina Lynn Mercer , were likely to face charges , but he did not go into detail .
The sheriff also said Shannon 's father - a relation of the babysitter - was not currently a suspect .
" We 've had missing children cases in the past , but nothing like this , " added Mr Haddock .
In another twist , police confirmed that back in August the babysitter had written an e-mail to the office of Florida Governor Charlie Crist , claiming Shannon was being abused and pleading for him to help .
Court documents released on Wednesday showed child welfare workers in Florida had investigated whether Shannon was being abused and determined the risk to the child was " intermediate " , reported AP news agency .
Police also confirmed the Bakers had been questioned in 2000 about the disappearance of their three - year - old son in South Carolina back in 1987 .
Susan Baker had told police the child - who was never found - disappeared while she had been sleeping , the sheriff 's office in Beaufort County , South Carolina , told AP .
She was also convicted of a serious assault on a six - year - old girl in that state in 1987 , police said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Defense Attorney : Hasan Wo n't Plead Guilty , May Use Insanity Defense Atty says Maj .
Hasan may face additional charges , is paralyzed from chest down .
Nov. 22 , 2009  --
The defense attorney for accused Fort Hood shooter Major Nidal Hasan told " Good Morning America " Sunday that his client will probably plead not guilty and that an insanity defense is possible .
" I anticipate that the plea will be not guilty , " said defense attorney John Galligan .
Asked if he was considering an insanity plea for his client , who faces 13 counts of premeditated murder , Galligan said , " I 'm fairly confident that that 's going to have to at least be examined .
And that 's problematic .
But we have n't reached that stage yet . "
Galligan said he has also learned that his client , who will be tried in a military court , may face additional charges for the Nov. 5 shooting spree in Fort Hood , Texas .
He said he was alerted to the new charges during a pre-trial confinement hearing before a military magistrate held in Hasan 's San Antonio hospital room Saturday .
After the hearing at the Brooke Army Medical Center Saturday , Galligan said his client is paralyzed from the chest down and is a not a flight risk .
The military magistrate ruled that Hasan will stay at Brooke Army Medical Center for now , but the military has the option of moving him to another medical facility or to jail .
According to Galligan , Hasan is paralyzed , is incontinent and " in severe pain . "
" He is an individual in need of constant medical attention , " Galligan said .
" He has no sensation from his chest down . "
Previously , Galligan had said Hasan was paralyzed from the waist down .
Galligan questioned the speed with which the legal process is moving .
" In the 36 years I 've dealt with military justice cases , " Galligan said , " this is the first time I have ever had to go to an ICU to conduct a hearing .
" We could have conducted this hearing next week .
He is paralyzed .
He is not going on leave . "
Galligan , a retired Army colonel now in private practice , said the hearing lasted a little over an hour .
According to Galligan , Hasan is coherent , " is able to speak with me , at least for short periods of time , " and understands that legal proceedings are underway and such proceedings as the hearing will grow more frequent .
Galligan said he does not expect the Army to move his client from Brooke AMC immediately , but he does want to know when Hasan might be moved and where he might be moved .
Hasan 's official change in status from pre-trial restriction to pre-trial confinement , which was the subject of the Saturday hearing , also limits the number of people who can visit him .
" He is still a patient , but he is also a pretrial confinee , " Galligan said .
" There was not a compelling government interest to change his status at this time .
" Given that condition , why is he anything but a patient ? "
Hasan was transferred to Brooke AMC Nov. 6 , a day after the shooting .
He was taken off a ventilator Nov. 7 .
The following day , when investigators tried to interview him , he refused to answer questions and requested a lawyer .
Galligan , whose private practice is in nearby Belton , Texas , met with Hasan for the first time Nov. 9 .
He has asked that his security clearance be reinstated so that he can review all the evidence against Hasan .
Galligan told " Good Morning America " that he is defending Hasan because he has spent " a large portion of my military career and post - retirement career " representing soldiers .
" I 'm proud any time I have an opportunity to defend an American soldier or officer in a court martial proceeding , " Galligan said .
" Mayor Hasan is presumed innocent of these charges . "
Military prosecutors plan to seek the death penalty .
Click Here for the Blotter Homepage .
I would rather be on a bus in the Gaza Strip than anywhere in Williamsburg , Brooklyn .
When I entered college in 2000 , “ hipster ” was solely a reference to the beat poets — not some white , faggoty - looking - but - straight Hampshire College graduate with a penchant for the visual arts and film .
I recently asked a 20 - year - old self - described hipster what makes him a hipster .
He said : “ You know , the music I listen to , the clothes I wear . ”
Really .
Deep .
Shit .
It might have even held up to some relaxed litmus test , except as any real hipster knows , you never admit to being one .
In Time Out New York ‘s “ Why the Hipster Must Die , ” Christian Lorentzen eloquently defines hipsterism as being the “ province of whites , its acolytes raid ( ing ) the cultural stores of every unmelted ethnicity in the pot .
Similarly , they devour gay style … these aesthetics are assimilated — cannibalized — into a repertoire of meaninglessness . ”
I would add : Hipsters are emulating queer style , not gay style .
To me , “ queer ” implies a resistance to assimilation which is ironically ( and you know how much the hipsters love irony ! ) the very thing hipsters are doing : assimilating .
You ca n’t just reap the benefits of the queer struggle , you over - privileged white man — not without some payment .
If you want to continue copping my queer style , I want blow - jobs from you on demand .
I have straight male friends who transitioned from appropriating black style to appropriating queer style overnight .
They literally went from throwing up gang signs in every MySpace photo and trying to spit freestyles while passing a champagne flavored blunt to attending gallery openings and wearing Buddy Holly glasses .
Are these Christopher Columbus culture vampires incapable of an original thought ?
Must they usurp from every fringe identity ?
Queer style , of course , was around back in the day , and it took balls to carry out .
We liberated and inspired our terrified gay brothers by being visible and expressing our intrinsic , precious queerness through our style .
There were physical and emotional consequences to our unabashedness .
Now that we ’re mainstreaming queer style , the straight hipster boys are ( as Lorentzen points out ) , devouring it .
In 1968 , Quentin Crisp wrote that the symbols he adopted 40 years earlier to express his sexual type had become the “ uniform for all young people . ”
And that ’s exactly what the male hipster look is : a uniform , a costume , something out of a plastic bag from Hollywood Toy and Costume that comes complete with tight pants , a hoodie , and white Ray - Ban Wayfarers .
( Instead of Herb Ritts taking your photograph , it ’s The Cobra Snake . )
I look at these boys in Williamsburg , Silver Lake , the Mission , and I think to myself , “ YOU BETTER BE GAY . ”
You ca n’t just reap the benefits of the queer struggle , you over - privileged white man — not without some payment .
If you want to continue copping my queer style , I want blow - jobs from you on demand .
Then we ’ll be even .
Choke on my dick and you can keep the suspenders and the Members Only jacket .
Eat my ass and you can keep the fanny pack .
Hipster or Gay is a blog that contains an archive of photos of maybe / maybe - not - gay male hipsters plucked from across cyberspace .
Photos + captions = Instant relevancy and authority .
The site poses important questions like , “ Is there a difference ? ” and , “ Does it matter ? ”
The site ’s anonymous creator says no , the difference between hipsters and gays is dissipating and it does n’t matter .
I disagree .
There is a major difference between hipsters and gays and to overlook it would be dismissing a courageous , vibrant history of a people that fought for autonomy at all costs .
Hipsters are defined by a vapid , superficial purely external identity that could emanate from an Excel spreadsheet .
Queers are organic , whole , and raw : the expensive fruit at Whole Foods .
Our style is a by - product of something innate and more important than our physical appearance — our queer sensibility .
And you ca n’t buy that at American Apparel .
It does n’t even come in a waif - thin small .
Matt Siegel is a private liberal arts college - hopper who began at Sarah Lawrence , left his stain at Eugene Lang and finally finished at Hampshire .
His unwillingness to commit now resides in L.A. , where Matt has unsteadily worked for a random assortment of prominent folks , including Adam Carolla , Jill Clayburgh and Arianna Huffington .
Other of his writings can be found on his blog The Unabashed Queer .
Siegel previously filed from the set of the Absolutely Fabulous remake .
( Photos : Hipster Or Gay )
Shocking CCTV images of girl gang kicking a male victim in drunken attack which left him with footprint on his face
Drunk and baying like dogs , five women brutally attack a stranger in the street .
The women - all from the same family - targeted Matthew Campbell , 38 , at random , kicking and stamping on him as he lay prone on the pavement .
Their sickening eight - minute assault was captured on CCTV and resulted in all the women being jailed for six months .
CCTV footage shows one of the women step forward and kick Matthew Campbell full in the face as he tries to stand up
As he cowers on the floor Mr Campbell was subjected to a barrage of blows and kicks from the gang
Mr Campbell , a commercial diver , told yesterday how he restrained himself from hitting back because he has never struck a woman before .
The video clearly shows him holding his hands up pleading with the women to stop , but a court heard they acted like a ' pack of dogs ' to pursue their prey .
The victim , who was walking home after a drink with friends , was lucky to escape the attack in November last year without major injury .
He suffered bruising all over his body , heel marks and scratches on his back and head and had a footprint mark on his face .
He is first felled by a punch from one of the men in the group
All the women , aged between 21 and 42 , are members of the same extended family and most of them are well known to the police .
They had been drinking heavily at a birthday party that evening .
Prosecutor David Cammies said they attacked Mr Campbell for no apparent reason outside the Lloyds Arms pub in Grimsby town centre at 11.30 pm .
Helen Barber , 29 , Rachel Barber , 31 , Kelly Macdonald , 32 , Belinda Tomlinson , 42 , and Katie Tomlinson , 21 , all admitted affray .
Recorder Rachim
Singh told them : ' The CCTV showed the sickening , brutal and repeated attack .
As he hits the floor other members of the gang , including the five women , move in and start kicking him as he lies there
' You were all fuelled by drink , which is not and can never be an excuse .
Regrettably this has creeped into our culture and it really must be stamped out . '
Grimsby Crown Court heard Helen Barber , who has eight previous convictions including one for battery , suffered a broken nose in the incident .
She was believed to have been hit by Mr Campbell in self - defence .
Yesterday Mr Campbell said he had become ' wary ' of going out in town centres following the incident which left him badly shaken .
One man moves in to try and protect the fallen victim
He said : ' It was a real shock .
I remember trying to create some space between me and the women and trying to work out what was going on .
' You have to defend yourself to some extent .
But I 've never been violent against any woman .
I was thinking I 'd better not hit back .
' I had to restrain myself .
At one point there were eight or nine sets of hands on me trying to do some damage .
Women like this are no strangers to mindless violence .
Drink is just a fuel .
They do n't go out to enjoy themselves they go out to cause as much mayhem as possible .
Society is in trouble when that happens .
It used to be just men doing this sort of thing . '
Lee Rhoads , 32 , also became involved in the attack and was jailed for four months after admitting affray .
The women all live in the Grimsby area .
Katie Tomlinson , the youngest of the gang , describes herself on her Bebo site as being ' born to be wild . '
She adds : ' Happiest
When im all stella'd up n partyin . '
WARM SPRINGS , Ore. -- Police Chief Carmen Smith says he knows three things about suspected drug trafficker Artemio Corona :
He 's from Mexico , prefers a Glock .40 - caliber handgun , and is quite possibly growing marijuana on the Indian reservation that Mr. Smith patrols .
Last year , Mr. Smith 's detectives identified Mr. Corona as the alleged mastermind behind several large marijuana plantations on the Warm Springs Indian Reservation in central Oregon .
These " grows , " as police call them , had a harvest of 12,000 adult plants , with ...
The boy 's offences were described as ' deeply disturbing '
A teenager who kidnapped and raped a five - year - old boy , eight days after avoiding custody for another rape , has been detained for at least three years .
The 16 - year - old admitted offences against the second boy including rape and child abduction .
Manchester 's Minshull Street Crown
Court heard the attack happened after he was given a community order for the rape of a boy aged seven in Tameside .
The first sentence , by Judge Adrian Smith , provoked a legal challenge .
On Wednesday , the attacker , who cannot be named , was given an indeterminate sentence for protection of the public after committing a second attack .
' Deeply disturbing '
He must serve a minimum of three years minus five days before being considered for parole .
But Judge Peter Lakin told him : " The offences you have committed are deeply disturbing and very serious .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" You are a devious and manipulative young man with an unhealthy and completely unacceptable sexual interest in young boys .
" It is likely you will not be released for some very considerable period of time . "
He added that it was " highly unusual " for a court to categorise a 16 - year - old as a danger to the public but in this case it was merited .
" I have to say I have absolutely no hesitation whatsoever in reaching the conclusion that you are indeed a dangerous offender , " the judge said .
The boy was sentenced to three years and four months , but will be eligible for parole earlier because of time spent in custody .
Appeal bid Judge Lakin also revoked the community rehabilitation order passed by Judge Adrian Smith and resentenced him for the earlier rape offences against the seven - year - old .
He was sentenced to three years and four months , to run concurrently , and placed on the Sex Offenders Register .
In sentencing for the first rape , Judge Smith is believed to have considered the victim 's family , who forgave the youth because of their Christian beliefs .
The three - year community order led to an appeal by the Crown Prosecution Service ( CPS ) , but was overtaken when , just days after appearing in court , he was arrested for the second rape .
Rape is rape and whether you are 16 or 60 , it is one of the most horrific crimes anyone can commit
Det Con Terry Farrell
On 4 July 2009 , the second victim , who is now six , was playing outside near his home when he was lured away to look for a lost football but was actually taken to the teenager 's house and abused .
He was found emerging from the house while his parents searched the neighbourhood for him .
The teenager later admitted child abduction , rape , committing an offence with the intention of committing a sexual offence , attempted rape and causing a child to engage in sexual activity .
Speaking after the hearing , Det Con Terry Farrell , who led the investigation , said it was a " harrowing and disturbing " case .
" Rape is rape and whether you are 16 or 60 , it is one of the most horrific crimes anyone can commit .
For this to happen to a five - year - old boy is beyond comprehension . "
He then went on to read a statement on behalf of the father of the victim .
He said : " This has been a traumatic ordeal for my whole family , and particularly for my six - year - old son who has had to go through what no - one , let alone a young innocent boy , should ever have to go through .
" It has been a harrowing time but I 'm glad it is finally over and we can now draw a line under everything and move on with our lives . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Less can come in many forms .
You can have fewer things , you can do fewer things , you can use fewer things , you can focus on fewer things .
But less is n’t just fewer : it can also be smaller .
Small is often downplayed in this world of “ bigger means better ” .
But small is beautiful , and often better .
Smaller banks are n’t “ too big to fail ” , requiring bailouts when they ’re mismanaged , and yet they make very important community loans .
Smaller teams are more nimble , can adapt to changing environments faster , do n’t require as much management or communication overhead , can work cheaply and from anywhere .
Smaller cars use less gas , are more maneuverable , cause fewer deaths , use fewer resources .
Smaller homes require less heating , less cleaning , less maintenance , force you to simplify , are cozier .
Smaller programs use fewer computer resources , take up less computer power and thus help the environment , work faster , get the job done with a minimum of fuss .
Smaller suitcases ( such as a small backpack ) are easier to carry around , fit easier in overhead compartments , do n’t require you to check luggage and worry about luggage not getting to the right destination , are easier to pack and unpack .
Smaller websites ( in terms of file sizes ) are easier to load , faster , more responsive .
Smaller companies are also more responsive , less expensive , hungrier , more focused .
Smaller people are often faster , more nimble , humbler , take up fewer resources , and are very very beautiful ( my wife is an example ) .
Haikus pack a lot of punch into three tiny lines .
Smaller posts do n’t take as much time to write or read , which is good for a lazy blogger .
And a busy reader .
Small is beautiful .
Aim for smaller when it makes sense , and enjoy the wonder that ensues .
Most people keep their ducks in the bath ... but this lot are n't made of rubber
There 's not a huge amount of room and it gets rather dull going round and round a little sink - but it's a whole lot better than being in the cold outside .
These ducklings were rescued by a farmer after they hatched earlier this week - six months before most broods .
Fearing they would perish outside , the farmer took them indoors and later put them in his bathroom sink for their first paddle .
First paddle :
The ducklings were rescued by a farmer after they hatched earlier this week - six months before most broods .
Fearing they would perish outside , the farmer took them indoors
Rubber ducky , you 're the one :
The ducklings will be moved to a duckery unit next week
They 've now been moved to an animal rescue centre where they will be cared for and kept warm until March when they will be released into the wild .
Pauline Kidner , founder of the Secret World Animal Rescue Centre in Highbridge , Somerset , said : ' It 's very important to keep them warm .
We 'll be looking after them over Christmas and through the winter .
7 out of 10 illegal downloaders are 35 years old or under .
People who download music illegally also spend an average of £ 77 a year buying it legitimately , a survey has found .
Those who claimed not to use peer - to - peer filesharing sites such as The Pirate Bay spent a yearly average of just £ 44 .
Almost one in 10 of those questioned aged between 16 and 50 said they downloaded music illegally .
However , eight out of 10 of that group also bought CDs , vinyl and as MP3s .
A total of 1008 people in the UK took part in the online poll commissioned by researchers Demos .
Half the group ( 50 % ) accessed music officially via YouTube , and 22 % listened to internet radio .
Napster , once a pioneer of music filesharing , was used by just 4 % , with 21 % saying they had not heard of it .
Music streaming service Spotify was used by 9 % of the group , most of whom had not signed up for the paid - for premium service .
However , it was rated highly for being easy to use , convenient and providing access to a wide variety of music .
Right price 75 % of 16 - 24 year olds said they were prepared to pay for MP3s .
The optimum price for the survey group as a whole was 45 pence for an individual track , with just 2 % saying they would pay more than £ 1 .
Current chart topper Fight for this Love by Cheryl Cole is priced at 99 pence on iTunes in the UK , and 79 pence on Amazon .
" Politicians and music companies need to recognise that the nature of music consumption has changed and consumers are demanding lower prices and easier access to music , " said Demos researcher Peter Bradwell .
It also raises questions about the draft Digital Economy bill , which is due to be submitted to parliament later this month and proposes disconnecting file - sharers who repeatedly break the law .
" The scale of unlawful file - sharing poses a real threat to the long - term sustainability of our creative industries , " said a spokesman for the Department for Business , Innovation and Skills .
" While surveys asking people about unlawful behaviour should be treated with caution , it 's encouraging that the findings signal that the three - pronged approach set out by the Government this week - a mix of education , enforcement and attractive new commercial deals - provides the best way forward for industry and consumers . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
You know what I 'm sick of ?
The idiots who are writing off From Software 's 3D Dot Game Heroes because they have no concept of irony and can only see a " Zelda rip - off . "
These people are stupid and can't see an inch in front of their faces .
For those who do n't know , 3D Dot Game Heroes is a brilliant looking PS3 parody that pays homage and pokes fun at 8 - bit adventure games , with The Legend of Zelda serving as a clear foundation .
It 's supposed to have the same look and feel as an old Zelda game .
That 's the point and that 's the joke .
It 's looking like it 'll be a blast and the design is absolutely gorgeous .
Calling 3D Dot Game Heroes a rip off of Zelda is like saying that The Naked Gun rips off James Bond .
Part of the fun of the game is the fact that it does play like Zelda .
If you 're going to write the game off just because you do n't have a sense of humor , you 're a fool to yourself .
You 're also probably the same kind of person that thinks everybody who is British is just trying to copy Yahtzee .
Anyway , there 's a new gameplay video that you can watch after the jump .
A few of you wo n't be able to look past the deliberate similarities and whine about plagiarism .
Do n't worry though , it 's just that you 're an imbecile .
Your mother wo n't love you any less .
Top 50
Moz list will be out next week Nov 19th !
The latest issue list the Top 50 rarities from around the world .
Should be fun seeing what tops the list .
Morrissey is also on the cover .
Amazon.com operates retail websites for Sears Canada , Bebe Stores , Marks & Spencer , Mothercare , and Lacoste .
For a growing number of enterprise clients , including the UK merchants Marks & Spencer , Benefit Cosmetics ' UK entity , edeals.com and Mothercare , Amazon provides a unified multichannel platform where a customer can interact with the retail website , standalone in - store terminals or phone - based customer service agents .
Amazon Web Services also powers AOL 's [ email protected ] [ citation needed ]
Though more people shopped in - store and online on Black Friday 2017 , Cyber Monday continues to beat Black Friday ’s online sales .
Last year , 81 million consumers shopped on Cyber Monday , bringing in $ 6.59 billion for retailers .
2017 marked a year - over - year increase of nearly 17 percent and set an all - time record of the most ever spent on the digital holiday .
According to sources , Amazon did not expect to make a profit for four to five years .
This comparatively slow growth caused stockholders to complain that the company was not reaching profitability fast enough to justify their investment or even survive in the long - term .
The dot - com bubble burst at the start of the 21st century and destroyed many e-companies in the process , but Amazon survived and moved forward beyond the tech crash to become a huge player in online sales .
The company finally turned its first profit in the fourth quarter of 2001 : $ 5 million ( i.e. , 1¢ per share ) , on revenues of more than $ 1 billion .
This profit margin , though extremely modest , proved to skeptics that Bezos ' unconventional business model could succeed . [ 40 ]
Amazon Studios , which was founded in 2010 to compete with Hulu and Netflix in original programming , has become a powerhouse in Hollywood , taking home both Emmys and Oscars and growing into a staple of the modern entertainment diet of many Americans .
Rounding out its position in digital media is the FireTV streaming device , which Amazon first launched in 2014 to compete with Apple , Roku , and other set - top box makers .
The product has since been shrunk into a skinny HDMI stick —
Amazon still sells the box and now also a small , square - shaped Fire TV Cube — and it remains one of the best - selling consumer electronics devices on Amazon.com .
In 2014 , Amazon expanded its lobbying practices as it prepared to lobby the Federal Aviation Administration to approve its drone delivery program , hiring the Akin Gump Strauss Hauer & Feld lobbying firm in June . [ 210 ]
Amazon and its lobbyists have visited with Federal Aviation Administration officials and aviation committees in Washington , D.C. to explain its plans to deliver packages . [ 211 ]
Ralph Reed was in Virginia this past weekend with the state chapter of his Faith and Freedom Coalition mobilizing conseravtive voters heading into tomorrow ’s election :
Check out these cool pictures and video of Virginia Faith and Freedom chairman Steve Martin and VFFC president Jack Rohrer , accompanied by national Faith and Freedom chair Ralph Reed and dozens of volunteers participating in the Virginia Grassroots Blitz Team , this Saturday , October 31 .
Literally hundreds of members of the Faith and Freedom Grassroots Blitz Team poured into neighborhoods and precincts throughout Virginia , including in Prince William , Spotsylvania , Chesterfield , Hanover , and the city of Lynchburg .
Faith and Freedom volunteers passed out specialized Halloween door hangers telling voters “ Do n’t be tricked , Stand up for your values .
Vote Tuesday , November 3rd . ”
These get - out - the - vote door hangers also featured a voter guide displaying the positions of the candidates for Governor on key issues .
Some of the issues that this year ’s voter guide highlighted were taxes , environmentally sensitive offshore oil drilling , spending , transportation , marriage , and the right to life .
On a related note , Sarah Palin is featured in a new robo-calls being funded by Reed ’s VA state affiliate , as Greg Sargent reports :
Le premier « club de jeux » a ouvert ses portes à Paris à la suite d’un récent changement de loi concernant les clubs de jeux dans la capitale française .
Le nouveau club , le Paris Elysées Club , ouvert en coordination avec le paname poker club classé 6e au CNEL 2017 , est basé dans le quartier bourgeois du 8ème arrondissement de la capitale française et est entièrement dédié au poker .
New Silicon - Air Battery to Have Unlimited Shelf Life
Non -stop power from a battery with unlimited shelf life .
Sounds like a pipe dream , right ?
Maybe not .
Scientists at the Technion - Israel Institute of Technology have developed an eco-friendly silicon - air battery capable of powering devices for thousands of hours before replacement .
The batteries are created from silicon and oxygen , are lightweight , and have a high tolerance for both extremely dry conditions and high humidity .
The creators say that the new battery could be used for medical applications like hearing aids or diabetic pumps , but also for microelectronics and sensors .
“ Silicon - air batteries will be used like the ones already in use today .
But by using silicon — a safe , non -toxic , stable and more common material — we can create very lightweight batteries with infinite shelf life and high energy capacity . ” – lead researcher Yair Ein-Eli
The built - in cathode of conventional batteries is not present in silicon - air batteries , so significant savings could be realized in both weight and cost .
The oxygen in our atmosphere is the cathode in silicon - air batteries and current metal - air batteries ( used in hearing aids already ) .
Because silicon and oxygen are the two most abundant elements on our planet , this battery could be a breakthrough in clean energy manufacturing .
The researchers estimate that silicon - air batteries can be made more powerful and rechargeable as well in three or four years , and in ten years , it might be possible to build batteries for electric cars from silicon that can be recycled over and over again .
The research was published in the October 2009 issue of Electrochemistry Communications .
Please follow and like us :
Related
Brussels to ban refunds on our faulty shop goods
This would end the 100 years of protection British consumers have enjoyed .
For more than a century , shops have offered refunds to people who return unwanted or faulty goods .
Plans by the European Union to “ harmonise ” consumer law will short - change them by removing that right and weakening safeguards .
Ministers have vowed to fight the Consumer Rights Directive but the UK Government has no power to stop the change if it is backed by the majority of European Union states .
Worse still , if the law is passed retailers will be banned from “ gold - plating ” the legislation by continuing to offer money - back guarantees .
Lola Bello , senior policy advocate for Consumer Focus , said : “ Our right to return shoddy goods helps keep industry on its toes .
Ministers have vowed to fight the Consumer Rights Directive / picture posed by model
Sir Stuart Rose , chairman of high street store chain Marks & Spencer , said : “ If something is likely to constrain consumer rights we would look very carefully at it . ”
The legislation , which would also cover goods bought over the phone or the internet , is designed to ensure the same level of consumer protection if shoppers buy goods in any EU member state .
However , a report by the House of Lords EU Committee is critical of the move , saying British shoppers will be at a disadvantage if they are buying goods elsewhere in Europe .
The report concludes that the European Commission is “ over - optimistic about the impact the directive will have on cross - border trade ” with language and culture barriers meaning most Britons will continue to shop in the UK .
Lord Borrie , honorary vice - president of the Trading Standards Institute , said the directive was an “ unrealistic ambition ” .
The Labour peer added : “ The practicalities of pursuing a legal action against a foreign trader make the transaction much more hazardous than one in one ’s own high street . ”
Instead of money - back guarantees , the directive would allow traders to offer only the repair or replacement of faulty goods .
The liability for replacement or repair would also be cut from six years to two , even though such products as cars , boilers and double glazing should reasonably be expected to last longer .
The EU Committee said this raised fears of a spawning new culture of “ disposable ” goods as the incentive to manufacture hard - wearing products would be removed .
It is the loss of the right to refund which has prompted the biggest backlash against the directive however .
Mats Persson , research director of the think - tank Open Europe , said : “ The directive will sweep away the age - old right of Britons to get their money back for returned goods .
“ The Government has vowed to fight Brussels to retain this right but they have no power to stop it from becoming law if it wins the backing of the majority of other member states .
EXPRESS COMMENT ... SHOPPERS TO PAY HUGE PRICE FOR EU CONSUMER SHAKE UP
“ This watering - down of British consumer rights laws represents a significant power grab by Brussels and British consumers will be rightly horrified that Europe wants to denude the UK ’s national safeguards .
“ Worse still , new EU rules mean the UK Government cannot continue to offer British consumers extra safeguards if it wants to .
British shoppers are getting short - changed by Brussels . ”
Joanne Lezemore , a senior lawyer for the consumer watchdog Which ?
said : “ The effect could be huge .
The right to reject is of major importance to the consumer .
“ The Government needs to ensure that rather than watering - down the UK rules , other EU countries benefit from the rights that British consumers enjoy , such as the ability to reject faulty goods and the right to claim against a seller for up to six years .
Staff at the University of Leicester Archaeological Services ( ULAS ) have been excited by the results from a recently excavated major Prehistoric site at Asfordby , near Melton Mowbray , Leicestershire .
The Mesolithic site may date from as early as 9000 BC , by which time hunter - gatherers had reoccupied the region after the last ice age .
These hunters crossed the land bridge from the continental mainland -- ' Britain ' was only to become an island several thousand years later .
The site was excavated during 2009 by ULAS in advance of a residential development for Jelson Homes Ltd. Initial trenching work identified several worked flint blades of characteristic Mesolithic type , and clearly in an unworn and undisturbed state .
Further work confirmed that these rare flint finds were preserved in a Mesolithic soil , buried by a much later ploughsoil .
Because this early soil had survived intact , it was thought possible that original features such as hearths and structures might still remain , and activities linked to the flint scatter could also be found .
Excavation targeted an area just ten metres square , where the limits of the flint scatter had been identified from test results .
Within this small area , a charcoal rich former hearth was found , and also several postholes and arcs of stones that may show the position of tent - like structures .
Burnt animal bone and further charcoal chips were also found indicating cooking activities .
The site is probably located where it is at least partly because the local soils have natural flint chunks or ' nodules ' that could have been used for flintworking .
Also , the site would have been a shallow valley in Mesolithic times , and sheltered from the elements .
As important as this evidence was however , the worked flint from site was what really made the excavations significant .
Over 5000 worked flints came from this small area , including flint cores used for tool creation , blades , flakes and ' debitage ' ( small chips from tool - working ) , and scrapers , piercers and microlith tools with the latter being used in composite arrowheads .
The Mesolithic people were occupying this site making and repairing broken flint weapons and tools on a large scale .
Some of the microlith projectile points have impact fractures indicating that they had been used in arrowheads which had then been collected and reused .
These tasks would have been carried out as part of a range of activities associated with their hunting expeditions .
Further work on the finds from this regionally unique site is still to be carried out at the University of Leicester .
The finds -- worked flint , animal bone and charcoal , will allow archaeologists to identify the flintworking processes and other tasks carried out , the different animals that were hunted , and the environment at the time of the Mesolithic hunters .
" I 'm not some peacenik , pot - smoking hippie who wants everyone to be in love , " Hoh said .
Although he said his time in Zabul was the " second - best job I 've ever had , " his dominant experience is from the Marines , where many of his closest friends still serve .
" There are plenty of dudes who need to be killed , " he said of al - Qaeda and the Taliban .
" I was never more happy than when our Iraq team whacked a bunch of guys . "
The significance of Hoh 's own judgment of his actions in Iraq , and his own failure to acknowledge the true nature of the U.S. presence there , lies in the fact that it undercuts his protest about U.S. strategy in Afghanistan on the most fundamental level .
Hoh offers no principled opposition to wars of aggression : he approves of a criminal war in Iraq , but opposes it in Afghanistan .
And he opposes it in Afghanistan not because it's a crime and morally abhorrent -- which it is -- but because it 's not " working . "
It 's " ineffective . "
This perfectly mirrors the typical liberal criticism of the Iraq crime : that it was executed " incompetently . "
Opposition of this kind finally reduces to no opposition at all , except on specifics .
Such opposition is futile , inconsistent and contradictory , and ultimately worthless .
It fails to challenge U.S. policy on the critical , more fundamental level -- and it invites a future catastrophe on an equal or , which is horrifying to contemplate , an even greater scale .
During the conflicts in Bosnia and Kosovo , a certain number of Western intellectuals fancied themselves following in the Spanish footsteps of Malraux , Orwell , and Hemingway .
But , unlike their predecessors , they largely remained at home or ensconced in the same hotel , rather than entering the fray , while the International Brigades and the Spanish Republican Army were replaced by the U.S. Air Force .
Now , nothing in United States policy indicates the slightest sincere concern for human rights and democracy .
Assigning it the prime task of defending these values is strange indeed .
Moreover , to call on an army to wage a war for human rights implies a naive vision of what armies are and do , as well as a magical belief in the myth of short , clean , " surgical " wars .
The example of Iraq shows that it is possible to know when a war starts but not when it will end , and it is totally utopian to expect an army that is under constant attack from guerrilla forces not to have recourse to torture in order to obtain information .
The French used it massively in Algeria .
The Americans used it in Vietnam and again in Iraq .
Yet both the French and American torturers were citizens of " democratic countries , respectful of human rights " -- yes , but when they were at home , and in periods of relative social peace .
Washington , D.C. : Would a little more thought go into the why of going to war , if the Congress actually had to declare war and that upon a declaration of war , the military draft was reinstated for the duration of said war ?
Matthew Hoh : Absolutely .
As a former professional military officer I am against the draft because I do n't believe it leads to an effective military .
However , as a private citizen I feel that a draft would engage our population in the debate .
I do n't believe we would have invaded Iraq if we had a draft and I do n't believe we would still be in Afghanistan if we had a draft .
About a draft , I will briefly note that most of its advocates and defenders will never acknowledge what compulsory national service of any kind actually is : slavery .
If the government , backed by brute force and the threat of legal penalty ( either imprisonment or in any other form ) , has the power to compel young men and women as to how they must spend several years of their lives -- and if the government can even order them into battle , perhaps in a cause they absolutely oppose , and possibly to be killed -- then individual rights have been obliterated at the most fundamental level .
This kind of servitude to the state is slavery , pure and simple .
Compulsory national service of any kind , including a military draft , is one of the greatest evils known to mankind , and it is no wonder that its defenders absolutely refuse to identify its true nature .
In terms of the political theory involved , the basic question is a stark and simple one : if you cannot control your own body , what other rights can you possibly have ?
If your body is not yours , what does it matter if you can freely express your political and religious convictions ?
The principle involved is similarly simple : as long as you are not violating anyone else 's rights , your right to control your own body is absolute .
Period .
...
I must note that the same principle makes any kind of military draft or mandatory national service equally invalid , and equally destructive of individual rights .
If the government can take control of your body for two or four years , and possibly even send you to your death , what does it matter if you have the right of free speech , or any other right ?
Liberals in particular ought to note that the argument is the same with regard to abortion and in connection with a draft or national service .
If they want to engage in blatant contradictions , and support abortion rights and simultaneously advocate a draft or national service , they surrender any claim to intellectual coherence and consistency , and they will get precisely what they deserve .
Tragically , many women and many other citizens will also suffer the consequences .
Like Kennedy , Johnson believed that to lose South Vietnam would be to lose the White House .
It would mean a destructive debate , he was later to say , that would " shatter my Presidency , kill my Administration , and damage our democracy . "
The loss of China , he said , which had led to the rise of Joe McCarthy , was " chickenshit compared with what might happen if we lost Vietnam . "
Robert Kennedy would be out in front telling everyone that " I was a coward , an unmanly man , a man without a spine . "
Worse , as soon as United States weakness was perceived by Moscow and Peking , they would move to " expand their control over the vacuum of power we would leave behind us ... and so would begin World War III . "
He was as sure of this " as nearly as anyone can be certain of anything . "
No one is so sure of his premises as the man who knows too little .
It comes as no surprise , then , that of all the unified commands , CENTCOM is the one in which , in today ’s world , the U.S. empire ’s rubber meets the road most abrasively .
The command ’s area of responsibility includes a great part of the world ’s known petroleum and natural gas deposits , a preponderance of Israel ’s enemies , and the places in which the George W. Bush administration has chosen to focus its so - called Global War on Terror .
Of course , the region also includes Iraq and Afghanistan , where U.S. forces have been fighting for years , and , sandwiched between these two battlefields , Iran , where Dick Cheney and the rest of the neocons ardently desire to extend the fighting at the earliest opportunity .
There were several issues I wanted to discuss in my previous post about Matthew Hoh and his resignation , but I finally decided I was unable to include them , primarily because they were off the track of my central argument .
Since I published the earlier article , Hoh participated in an online chat at the .
( Many thanks to reader D.K. for alerting me to it . )
In that discussion , Hoh made a number of statements that confirm all my major earlier points -- and he also offered some statements about a new subject that demand comment .
To begin , let 's again note this passage from the Washington Post story about Hoh 's resignation : I discussed the second paragraph in detail in my earlier post , showing why I consider it unspeakably awful .
Here , I want to talk about the very first sentence : " I 'm not some peacenik , pot - smoking hippie who wants everyone to be in love .
" Many of those deeply opposed to the U.S. presence in Afghanistan seem to regard this statement as strengthening the case for the truth of Hoh 's objections to U.S. strategy , as if to say : " See ?
Hoh is n't some drugged - out nutcase , who 's opposed to war like some disgusting appeaser !
He 's not againstwars , just againstwar !
That 's why we should listen to him !
" They appear to think this is a good argument .
People should be careful about the premises they ( perhaps ) inadvertently accept in their eagerness to advance their case .
I have a very different view of Hoh 's statement .
My immediate reaction when I read that statement has remained unchanged , and it is very simply this :
Hoh implicitly relies on the fact that what 's " wrong with that " is so self - evidently obvious that it need not even be stated .
Everyone -- or at least all respectable , serious people -- has nothing but contempt for those peacenik , pot -smoking hippies , so we do n't even need to explain why .
But , Mr. Hoh , and others who may be of like mind , yes , you If a substantial number of people were seriously anddevoted to peace , and if they were genuine embodiments of compassion and empathy for others and urged everyone else to behave in the same way , the world would be an infinitely better place than it is now .
And if such individuals did all this in a notably relaxed , non-confrontational way , so much the better .
So I repeat : Whatis wrong with that ?
I could offer many more words about the highly dubious nature of a style of argument that trades on negative , cheap and lazy stereotypes and offers them as accurate and truthful judgments , but never mind all that .
Fill in the details as you wish .
I 'll only wonder the following : if we 're going to conduct public discussions in this manner , what might be said about a former Marine , " many of [ whose ] closest friends " are also Marines , who was " never more happy " than when he was " whacking " some bad " dudes " inWell , I 'll leave it to others to say whatever they think appropriate about
If I have to choose between the two stereotypes , give me the hippie any day .
Please .
As I read through the online chat , my major impression was how utterly conventional Hoh sounds .
On many specific topics , he sounds no different from many politicians or other national leaders .
It is certainly true that no other high level official has resigned over Afghanistan , but see my earlier essay for the reasons as to why I view that as ultimately meaningless given
Hoh 's overall views , especially his enthusiastic willingness to murder in other criminal wars of aggression .
And with regard to Afghanistan , it 's not as if Hoh is the only person raising these concerns about U.S. strategy .
The fact that these objections are fairly well - known , and that many people oppose continued or increased U.S. involvement on those particular grounds , is one of the primary reasons that Obama has delayed an announcement on his decision regarding any future commitment for as long as he has .
Moreover , Hoh 's comments in the chat confirm one of my earlier arguments : that all of these facts about Afghanistan were easily accessible to any intelligent layperson long before this latest U.S. involvement , just as was true in Vietnam and in Iraq .
You can read the chat for yourself , and make your own judgment about this issue .
But for me , the conventional nature of Hoh 's statements and approach made me begin to wonder precisely why he resigned , and if there was some additional reason that he has n't identified .
It 's not that I disbelieve him , for I have no reason to .
But my question , one which only grew stronger in my mind as I read his comments , is :
Why did he draw the lineexactly ?
Why not somewhere else ?
And , most importantly , why notBut as we know , he was " never more happy " than when he " whacked " some bad guys in Iraq , although neither he nor any other U.S. personnel had any right to be there .
This underscores another of my earlier arguments :
Hoh 's objection regarding Afghanistan is basically No principle informs it .
As I wrote : This is an issue of singular importance .
Many manifestations of arbitrariness of this kind can be offered .
I 've written about one of them at length : those Democrats and liberals who vehemently opposed the Iraq invasion but approved and even encouraged Clinton 's Balkans policy .
See , : " The Truth Shall Drive You Mad : The Men and Women of the Empire of Death .
" Perhaps of even greater significance here is another essay , " The Lies in Your Head , " and especially the excerpts from Jean Bricmont's , Humanitarian Imperialism : Using Human Rights to Sell War .
Bricmont traces the connectionsbetween the Clinton administration 's interventions in the Balkans and the Bush administration 's war in Iraq , connections that many ( if not most ) liberals will not confront to this day .
Certainly , the Bush administration offered multiple , shifting rationales for the Iraq invasion , only one indication that they never told the truth .
( The truth was the drive to U.S. global hegemony , as explained by Higgs .)
But it is also true that alleged " humanitarian " concerns were one justification put forth .
For many liberals , such concerns were irrelevant in Iraq , but determinative in the Balkans -- and made intervention an absolute necessity in the latter case .
Why that factor necessitated intervention in one case and not the other has never been satisfactorily explained , and it can not be .
And humanitarian concerns are offered today in connection with Afghanistan , and Hoh mentions some of them in his chat .
In fact , this argument is only another example of the camouflage used by the ruling class to disguise its true purposes .
Just as our leaders will never willingly surrender the base at Bagram , so they were intent on establishing a major base in the Balkans , Camp Bondsteel .
Humanitarian justifications had little or nothing to do with what was actually going on .
Even if we take the humanitarian argument on its own terms , it 's incoherent , as Bricmont demonstrates at length .
He writes : To make the point again : if you wish to oppose these immensely destructive wars , bombings and interventions , you must ignore all the superficial marketing and camouflage -- all the talk of " humanitarian " concerns , promoting " democracy , " " regional stability , " and so on -- and focus relentlessly on the intentionally and carefully chosenAnd that is the policy Hoh accepts in all its essentials .
He argues only one particular war , and only on narrow , strategic grounds .
He offers no opposition that can genuinely encourage change , which must always be oppositionAs important as all these issues are , and I consider themimportant , there is one critical respect in which they almost pale into insignificance when compared to Hoh 's remarks on one additional subject .
Here are Hoh 's remarks on that topic :
These comments are both immoral and ignorant .
Certain aspects of them are loathsome in the extreme .
Let me explain why .
Compulsory national service of any kind , military or otherwise , attacks the idea of individual liberty on the most fundamental level .
If you can be meaningfully said to have any rights at all , you must have the rightand to Without those rights , no other rights are possible .
How is it possible to maintain you have a right to speak freely , or a " right " to an education or a " right " to a job , if the State may forcibly wrest years from your life , and even order you into combat , perhaps to be killed ?
And for anyone who might speak of a " right " to health care and simultaneously advocate a draft , how can you entertain such a ludicrous argument even for a moment in any remotely sane universe ?
The government will keep you healthy and fit , It 's obscene .
I point you to two earlier discussions of this issue .
In " On Evil , Guilt and Responsibility : The Culture of War , and the Culture of Chicken Shit , " I excerpted a magnificent speech by Paul Fussell .
Toward the conclusion of my essay , I noted that Fussell mentions the draft ( Fussell : " It is customary to maintain that American wars are all fought on behalf of freedom , but few notice that for the sake of freedom millions of young men are enslaved for years , Shanghaied by conscription into a life whose every dimension is at odds with the idea of freedom . " ) .
I then wrote : And in " Of Abortion , and Women as the Ultimate Source of Evil , " and even though it was not the main subject of the essay , I explicitly drew a connection that many liberals seek to avoid :
Now note the only objection to a draft that Hoh offers : as " a former professional military officer , I am against the draftNot that compulsory service destroys the foundation of individual liberty -- whichNot that compulsory service destroys lives and families , even if those who serve mercifully survive conflict .
None of that even enters into the calculations .
Hoh is against the draft because it 's Obscene is the only word that accurately describes an argument of this kind .
Further note that this is theargument that Hoh uses against U.S. involvement in Afghanistan : not that it 's a war crime -- which -- but that it 'sprinciples would appear to have no place in Hoh 's worldview .
( For those who will object to my argument about the immorality of a draft and how deeply wrong it is , perhaps noting that in 1918 the Supreme Court heard a challenge to the draft and held that it was not involuntary servitude , I will shock the children and note that the Supreme Court can , indeed , be profoundly wrong .
I surely hope I need not remind readers of several instances of the Court 's errors where the historical implications and costs , including human suffering on a vast scale , were beyond reckoning .
But perhaps some have forgotten .
They only concerned slavery , internment , and sexual acts in private between consenting adults , to name three . )
Hoh goes on to say : " However , as a private citizen I feel that a draft would engage our population in the debate .
I do n't believe we would have invaded Iraq if we had a draft and I do n't believe we would still be in Afghanistan if we had a draft . "
This represents massive historical ignorance .
I will provide you one example that utterly destroys
Hoh 's contention : Vietnam .
Take a look at this timeline of U.S. involvement in Vietnam .
That involvement began at the conclusion of World War II , and it did not end until 30 years later .
With the exception of the last two years , the draft was in force during all that time .
( The specific form in which the draft was implemented somewhat varied during that time , but it was always in effect until 1973 . )
Obviously , there was a growing antiwar movement in the U.S. during the 1960s , reaching its climax in the latter part of that decade , but I have yet to come across any evidence to suggest that those protests were afactor in the U.S. decision to leave Vietnam , as it finally did in 1975 .
In fact , I think three elements were most critical , and not one of them had anything to with the draft or antiwar protests .
In general terms , this is how that argument goes .
( I do not consider this a full proof , but I think the following is persuasive and supported by much historical evidence . )
By the early 1970s , the deep idiocy of the " domino theory " was becoming apparent , at least as far as Vietnam was concerned , even to those who had strongly believed in it .
But even less than a decade earlier , many national leaders considered the domino theory to be a fully accurate prediction of what would happen if the U.S. left Vietnam .
Remember Barbara Tuchman 's description of Johnson 's beliefs , and note her assessment at the conclusion of this paragraph :
As the numbers of American troops in Vietnam rose , and as the casualties also increased , the undeniable costs became apparent .
To be sure , in themselves such factors are no deterrent whatsoever to the ruling class in its relentless pursuit of its objectives .
But as the toll grew heavier , a key element came into question : was Vietnam itself actually worth it ?
I consider it almost certain that if Vietnam held significant reserves of a prized natural resource , U.S. forces would still be there today in some numbers and form .
In this respect , contrast Vietnam with Robert Higgs ' description of the critical importance of Bagram in Afghanistan , and of a permanent U.S. base of operations in Central Asia ( this is from a passage from Higgs that I excerpted the other day ) : The same factors that ultimately led those who determine U.S. foreign policy to abandon Vietnam ensure that the U.S. will not leave the CENTCOM area of operations for decades , if ever .
On the same point , I also note this statement from Barbara Tuchman , which is the sentence immediately following the paragraph set forth above :
By the early 1970s , both parts of that truth began to penetrate minds that had earlier been resistant to them .
During this same period , another event occurred , one of immense importance historically and to the U.S. ruling class in particular .
Remember the year of Nixon 's historic trip to China : 1972 .
As their previous justifications for the Vietnam catastrophe began to fall away , the ruling class realized that another route was advisable not only for strategic reasons concerning national defense , but because it would be hugely profitable for the ruling class , including many multinational corporations : engagement .
We must recognize these truths about the ruling class : it is undeniably insatiable in its thirst for power and wealth and in its willingness to commit any acts to satisfy that desire , including the murder of vast numbers of innocent human beings , it is ruthlessly determined -- and it also is not stupid .
Nixon himself , as deeply damaged an individual as he was and as thoroughly detestable in countless ways , was similarly not remotely dumb by any measure , certainly not when it came to calculations of this kind .
Peaceful engagement with China held the promise of many benefits , not least among them immense wealth for the ruling class , an obvious truth that events have borne out .
In the early 1970s , all of these factors came together in a way that recommended a different course of action altogether , and that was the course the U.S. finally followed .
We can thus see that neither the beginning of U.S. involvement in Vietnam following World War II , nor the increasing intensity of that involvement throughout the next two decades , nor the decision to finally abandon Vietnam in the 1970s , connected in any major way to opposition to the draft or to this particular war in the manner suggested by Hoh .
The initiation of U.S. involvement and its growth occurred with the draft in place throughout that period , and the U.S. left Vietnam for very different reasons .
If anything , the draftthe U.S. presence in Vietnam for 30 years .
So the truth on this question is precisely the opposite of what Hoh suggests , at least insofar as this very significant historical example would indicate .
As to Hoh 's contention that " a draft would engage our population in the debate , " I can only say that I view this as approaching the delusional .
If anything , a draft makes any government 's decision andto engage in destructive " wars of choice " likely , not less ( and Vietnam is but one example of that principle ) .
Moreover , the American public 's astonishing , even sickening , ability to remain apathetic and immovable even when heinous crimes are committed by their government has almost certainly increased immeasurably in recent decades .
If the endless crimes committed by the Bush administration demonstrated nothing else , they surely demonstrated As the Bush administration launched two wars , were there massive , ongoing demonstrations , protests or , most importantly , systematic acts of civil disobedience ?
There were a few large protests before the Iraq invasion ( which were almost entirely ignored ) , but otherwise , there was nothing .
As the Bush administration tortured , brutalized and regularly set aside the most basic protections of individual liberty , and did all this in broad daylight , did outraged citizens bring government to a standstill , demanding that these depredations cease ?
They did not .
And as for this : " I do n't believe we would have invaded Iraq if we had a draft and I do n't believe we would still be in Afghanistan if we had a draft " -- there is absolutely nothing to suggest that this is true .
I credit that it is what Hohwould be true , but that is not precisely the same thing .
It is a common failing to confuse what weto be true with whattrue , but it is one we should seek to avoid .
Hoh would destroy the very foundation of liberty for a fantasy .
To summarize my earlier arguments and what I have said here , especially for those who eagerly embrace
Hoh because of his opposition to the U.S. presence in Afghanistan , but opposition offered only on narrow , strategic grounds :
Yes , you have found someone who opposes continued U.S. involvement in Afghanistan , but only involvement in its current form .
Hoh fully shares the overall purposes of U.S. foreign policy , and he has no objection in principle to wars of aggression .
Moreover , we know from his own words and actions that he does not even view the invasion and occupation of Iraq as a war of aggression , when it indisputably is .
Beyond this , and of the greatest importance , Hoh explicitly supports a policy which would undercut individual liberty at the most fundamental level .
The entire concept of rights would be gravely imperiled .
And if compulsory service were ever reinstated , it would all but guarantee future conflicts and further senseless wars , with all their attendant suffering and death .
By declaring
Hoh an ally , you might gain a momentary advantage , but it is an advantage as fleeting as the last vanishing rays of the setting sun .
And when that very brief advantage has passed , the blood and the sorrow will remain , and they will be endlessly replenished into a desolate future .
Multiple law enforcement sources tell TMZ the LAPD is already treating Michael Jackson 's death as a homicide , and they are focusing on Dr. Conrad Murray .
Law enforcement sources tell us the evidence points to the anesthesia Propofol as the primary cause of Jackson 's death .
As we first reported , vials of Propofol were found in Jackson 's home after he died .
Law enforcement sources say there is already " plenty of powerful evidence " linking Dr. Murray as the person who administered the drug to Jackson .
The evidence includes various items found in Jackson 's house , including the Propofol , an IV stand and oxygen tank .
Dr. Murray 's lawyer would neither confirm nor deny if his client administered the Propofol .
And we 've learned the LAPD has had " multiple conversations " with the L.A. County District Attorney 's office , although the case has not been formally presented to the D.A .
One Step Closer to Solving Jackson Drug Mystery
We 've learned the DEA is hot on the trail of finding out who got the powerful anesthesia that may have killed Michael Jackson .
As we first reported , law enforcement sources tell us they believe Propofol was the primary cause of Jackson 's death .
One of the vials of Propofol found at Jackson 's home was manufactured by Teva Pharmaceuticals .
The DEA contacted Teva to track down the vial in question .
Our sources say Teva looked at the lot number of the vial and found some of the vials in the lot went to AmerisourceBergen -- a distributor of the drug .
We 're told the DEA contacted Amerisource Bergen a few days ago and asked for all sales records of Propofol over a recent two - month period .
We 're told the DEA is looking to match doctors or other health care providers that obtained the drug with doctors who have some connection to Michael Jackson .
Anesthesia in Jackson Case Tracked
We 've learned several pharmaceutical companies have been contacted by the DEA in the Michael Jackson case and we 're told authorities are getting closer to identifying which person may have supplied the powerful anesthesia Propofol that appears to have killed the singer .
Sources tell us law enforcement found vials of Propofol in Michael Jackson 's house after he died .
The vials all have lot numbers .
We 're told several days ago the DEA contacted Teva Pharmaceuticals -- which manufactured one of the vials found at the house -- to determine who purchased it .
Teva sells Propofol to medical distributors , who then turn around and sell the vials to hospitals and doctors .
And , law enforcement sources say , the DEA also contacted other manufacturers of Propofol from the other vials found in Jackson 's home .
Here 's the problem .
Although every vial has a lot number , the vials are not marked individually .
There are thousands of vials in a lot .
So the DEA and LAPD are trying to hone in on the culprit but , we 're told , it 's no easy task .
Rowe 's Lawyer -- Debbie Does n't Want MJ's Money
Debbie Rowe 's lawyer just fired off a letter to the New York Post ... demanding a retraction of its story that Rowe has accepted $ 4 million to walk away from Michael Jackson 's two eldest kids .
The letter -- written by Rowe 's lawyer Eric George -- says " Among the several contenders for overzealous and inaccurate sensationalism , the New York Post has now seized top honors . "
George says " Ms. Rowe has not accepted -- and will not accept -- any additional financial consideration beyond the spousal support she and Michael Jackson personally agreed to several years ago . "
This is a very significant statement and we 've confirmed it with another Jackson source .
Jackson's Maid -- He Binged On Drugs
One of Michael Jackson 's former housekeepers told law enforcement the singer was often in such bad shape from drugs , his eyes would roll back in his head .
We 've obtained documents from the Santa Barbara County Sheriff Department 's 1993 investigation into allegations of child molestation .
Kristina Fournier told deputies back then ... she saw syringes while she was employed at Neverland .
Deputies asked her if she ever saw Jackson inject himself with a hypodermic needle -- she said no .
Fournier told deputies she was aware Jackson was under the influence of drugs and " under a doctor 's care . "
Fournier said she saw doctors " come and go " at Neverland .
And Fournier said , on the subject of Jackson 's drug addiction , " I think he had good periods and bad periods , and when he had a bad period , he had a bad period .
Then he would get off ( referring to drugs ) and then it would start again . "
Fournier said it was " well - known " among the Neverland staff that Jackson had a drug problem -- " Yes , and people would say , his eyes were rolling in the back of his head and he would n't know what he was talking about . "
Debbie Rowe Injected Jackson with Drugs
Debbie Rowe frequently injected Michael Jackson with drugs while she worked for Jackson 's dermatologist , Dr. Arnold Klein .
We 've obtained law enforcement documents from the 2005 molestation trial .
Included in the records is an affidavit from a Santa Barbara County Sheriff 's deputy who served a search warrant on Dr. Klein in 1993 to obtain Jackson 's medical records during the first molestation investigation .
In the affidavit , the deputy writes , in August 1993 , " ... Ms. Rowe observed the back of Jackson 's body while she gave him massages to help him sleep .
Ms. Rowe also observed Jackson 's buttocks on numerous occasions when she gave him injections prior to acne treatments . "
The affidavit does not specify the type of drug Rowe administered .
As we reported , Jackson sought out anesthesia and other sedatives for even minor procedures , including acne treatment .
Jackson Doc Did Not Fully Cooperate
The assistant coroner who just went to Dr. Arnold Klein 's office for Michael Jackson 's medical records just confirmed our story -- that he went to the office because Dr. Klein was not fully cooperating with their request for documents .
Assistant Chief Coroner Ed Winter just told us ... on July 2 his office contacted Dr. Klein 's office and requested Jackson 's medical records .
Klein 's lawyer sent partial records and then promised to send the rest later , but never did .
Winter told us his office then called Dr. Klein 's rep to say they still had n't received the documents but Klein 's people never responded .
And Winter says , that 's why he went to Klein 's office today .
Winter tells us a lawyer for Dr. Klein was in the office and another lawyer was on the phone .
Winter says the lawyers promised to ante up the additional files within 24 hours .
We spoke to Ed after he talked to the press outside of Dr. Klein 's office today -- when he said Klein had fully cooperated .
Jackson's Docs Allegedly Manipulated Pharmacies
We 've obtained law enforcement documents from Michael Jackson 's 2005 molestation trial -- and the depth of the singer 's drug dependency is further surfacing .
As far back as 1993 , Jackson was using aliases to score drugs , according to an employee at the Neverland Ranch .
Joey Jeszeck , who worked security , told Santa Barbara County Sheriff 's deputies in 1993 that Jackson would ask him " to go to a pharmacy and pick up his prescription for him . "
Jeszeck said sometimes the scripts were in the name of other people .
The report says : " Sometimes the pharmacy would n't release Jackson 's medication to him since it was not in Jeszeck 's name .
Jackson would then call the doctor and have the prescription changed into the name of the person he was sending to pick it up . "
Jeszeck said " one of these doctors was Dr. Farshchian in Florida . "
Jackson 's Knack for Picking Friendly Docs
Michael Jackson had a way of picking doctors who became such close friends with him that the doctor - patient distinction became blurred .
Dr. Alex Farshchian from Miami was " awe - struck " by Jackson , according to former L.A. County Sheriff 's Deputy Michael Laperruque , who worked security for Jackson .
We obtained notes from an interview Laperruque had with detectives during the child molestation investigation in Santa Barbara .
Laperruque said Dr. Farshchian was so enamored with Jackson , he invited the singer to stay at his house in Miami .
Laperruque says Jackson took the doctor up on his offer and ended up staying in his converted garage .
The question -- why would Jackson settle for such accommodations ?
Laperruque told detectives " Farshchian may have been over prescribing medication . "
Dr. Arnold Klein was Jackson 's longtime friend and Beverly Hills dermatologist .
Klein bragged on Larry King that he has slept in the same room as Jackson and shared a close bond with him , going on numerous vacations with the singer .
One of Jackson 's drivers told the coroner Jackson would spend 3 - 4 hours in Klein 's office and come out looking disoriented .
A former bodyguard said he also saw Jackson leave Klein 's office looking out of it .
And powerful prescriptions were found at Neverland -- prescribed by Dr. Klein .
The prescriptions were written for Frank Tyson , who worked for Jackson .
A former bodyguard said Jackson would use Tyson 's name to score drugs .
Klein has said he prescribed Demerol for Jackson , a drug to which Jackson was addicted .
Dr. Allan Metzger , who practices in West Hollywood , went on one of Jackson 's concert tours and was close to him .
He even videotaped the singer 's wedding to Debbie Rowe .
Dr. Metzger received a public reprimand for prescribing drugs to Janet Jackson under an alias .
Dr. Metzger would not tell us whether he ever prescribed drugs to Michael under an alias .
He told us he has not been Jackson 's doctor for years , but he spoke with him as recently as last April about medical issues and personal matters .
Tuesday 17 November 2009 , Editor 's update :
We 've now been supplied images taken from the Wii so have taken down the designer 's mock ups and posted five of the latest images at the end of the post .
( PM )
We have just announced the release of a new version of BBC iPlayer for Nintendo Wii .
The new version is a Flash based application using the newly released Video on Demand Framework ( VODF ) from Nintendo .
From 18 November you can find and install the BBC iPlayer application from the Wii shop at no cost .
This version replaces the previous browser based version .
There were multiple challenges on this project .
The design challenge was to make the iPlayer work on the television screen in a simple way .
The team streamlined the user journeys .
We have used the rumble feature on the controller to give feedback .
A search feature allows you to find the content easily .
The design team went through multiple iterations ; user testing and got to what I believe is an experience you would like .
The technical challenges were many .
The technical teams had to optimise and innovate in every part of the technical chain to make iPlayer work on an embedded device .
Due to the limited processing power and memory available on these types of devices , most of the effort went into optimising data requests , minimising client side processing , reducing network traffic and balancing the remaining processing power available for video decoding with interface and interaction features .
This release is part of a challenging programme to expand the reach of BBC iPlayer in the living room by syndicating it on television devices and platforms .
I will keep you updated .
Rahul Chakkara is Controller , TV Platforms , BBC FM&T .
17 November 2009 , new images from the Wii added below :
Given that many deaf students because of language delays may be emotionally and socially immature while physically mature , sex education tailored for their communication needs becomes critically important in order to prevent future problems .
Fortunately , some materials are available for parents and teachers to use , plus some research articles have been written .
Videos
The Described and Captioned Media Program has many captioned video materials available on sexuality and related topics .
A search of the subject , " sex education " turned up the following titles as an example :
Abstinence : Deciding to Wait - CFE 2648
Abstinence ... It 's the Right Choice - CFE 3204
Baby Blues - CFE 3005
Birth Control : Myths and Methods - CFE 2653
Birth Control : Your Responsibility , Your Choice - CFE 2154
Can a Guy Say No - CFE 2260
Changes - CFE 2598
Books
We could not find any books devoted solely to sex education for deaf students .
However , the following books of signs used in sex communication are available :
Signs of Sexual Behavior
Signs for Sexuality - Available through some deaf / hoh product vendors and Planned Parenthood of Western Washington , the publisher .
Research and Publications
Some articles and materials have been published on the topic of sexuality and deaf students , or about sex education for disabled in general .
A sampling :
Deafness and human sexuality : A developmental review .
An article was in the American Annals of the Deaf , 126 , 432-439 .
( This was also found in the bibliography accompanying an article on sex , roles and responsiblities in Perspectives in Education and Deafness , March - April 1998 ) .
Sexuality Education for Children and Youth with Disabilities - This publication from the National Information Center for Children and Youth with Disabilities has a bibliography section on hearing impairment that listed three publications from the eighties , all from Gallaudet University .
The Special Education Services Agency ( Sesa.org ) in Alaska covered sex education in its Spring 2002 newsletter .
More Materials
These additional materials on deafness and sexuality are available :
Hey everybody
Due to fighting with wordpress , I had to move my blog .
The new address is http://thedealwithdisability.blogspot.com/
Sorry for any inconvenience .
Thanks !
Eva
The Progressive Change Campaign Committee and Democracy for America has a new ad campaign aimed at moving Sen. Chuck Grassley off the dime and get him to support healthcare reform .
If you can , donate here :
Meet Kevin from Iowa .
Kevin voted for Reagan ... and Nixon ... and George W. Bush ... and Republican Senator Chuck Grassley .
Kevin supports the public health insurance option .
And in our new TV ad -- called " Main Street Bipartisanship " -- Kevin calls out Chuck Grassley for being out - of - touch with voters back home .
It 's powerful .
Real health care reform is in danger right now because some Democratic senators like Montana 's Max Baucus crave " bipartisanship . "
But in DC , " bipartisanship " does n't mean policies that Republican and Democratic voters back home support .
It means " whatever watered - down reform insurance companies will let Republican senators vote for . "
Chuck Grassley , the main Senate Republican negotiator , has taken over $ 2.9 million from health and insurance interests that oppose reform .
He 's also said he wo n't support a public option because it would beat private insurance in the marketplace !
So why are some Democrats still negotiating with Grassley and letting him water down reform -- instead of going on offense ?
One word : " bipartisanship . "
We 're redefining " bipartisanship " to mean what mainstream voters want .
Thanks for being a bold progressive .
-- Stephanie Taylor , PCCC co-founder
P.S. According to a national Quinnipiac poll in August , 40 % of Republicans and 64 % of independents support the public option .
In Iowa , the latest Des Moines Register poll showed 36 % of Republicans and 56 % of independents .
For context , 36 % of Senate Republicans would be 14 votes -- huge " bipartisanship . "
Tags
Marx as Millennial Communist
The key to the intricate and massive system of thought created by Karl Marx is at bottom a simple one : Karl Marx was a communist .
A seemingly trite and banal statement set alongside Marxism 's myriad of jargon - ridden concepts in philosophy , economics , and culture , yet Marx 's devotion to communism was his crucial focus , far more central than the class struggle , the dialectic , the theory of surplus value , and all the rest .
Communism was the great goal , the vision , the desideratum , the ultimate end that would make the sufferings of mankind throughout history worthwhile .
History was the history of suffering , of class struggle , of the exploitation of man by man .
In the same way as the return of the Messiah , in Christian theology , will put an end to history and establish a new heaven and a new earth , so the establishment of communism would put an end to human history .
And just as for postmillennial Christians , man , led by God 's prophets and saints , will establish a Kingdom of God on Earth ( for premillennials , Jesus will have many human assistants in setting up such a kingdom ) , so , for Marx and other schools of communists , mankind , led by a vanguard of secular saints , will establish a secularized Kingdom of Heaven on earth .
In messianic religious movements , the millennium is invariably established by a mighty , violent upheaval , an Armageddon , a great apocalyptic war between good and evil .
After this titanic conflict , a millennium , a new age of peace and harmony , of the reign of justice , will be installed upon the earth .
Marx emphatically rejected those utopian socialists who sought to arrive at communism through a gradual and evolutionary process , through a steady advancement of the good .
Instead , Marx harked back to the apocalyptics , the postmillennial coercive German and Dutch Anabaptists of the 16th century , to the millennial sects during the English Civil War , and to the various groups of premillennial Christians who foresaw a bloody Armageddon at the Last Days , before the millennium could be established .
Indeed , since the apocalyptic post - mils refused to wait for a gradual goodness and sainthood to permeate mankind , they joined the pre-mils in believing that only a violent , apocalyptic , final struggle between good and evil , between saints and sinners , could usher in the millennium .
Violent , worldwide revolution , in Marx 's version to be made by the oppressed proletariat , would be the inevitable instrument for the advent of his millennium , communism .
In fact , Marx , like the pre-mils ( or " millenarians " ) , went further to hold that the reign of evil on earth would reach a peak just before the apocalypse ( " the darkness before the dawn " ) .
For Marx as for the millenarians , writes Ernest Tuveson ,
The evil of the world must proceed to its height before , in one great complete root - and - branch upheaval , it would be swept away . …
Millenarian pessimism about the perfectibility of the existing world is crossed by a supreme optimism .
History , the millenarian believes , so operates that , when evil has reached its height , the hopeless situation will be reversed .
The original , the true harmonious state of society , in some kind of egalitarian order , will be re-established . [ 1 ]
In contrast to the various groups of utopian socialists , and in common with religious messianists , Karl Marx did not sketch the features of his future communism in any detail .
It was not for Marx , for example , to spell out the number of people in his utopia , the shape and location of their houses , or the pattern of their cities .
In the first place , there is a quintessentially crackpotty air to utopias that are mapped by their creators in precise detail .
But of equal importance , spelling out the details of one 's ideal society removes the crucial element of awe and mystery from the allegedly inevitable world of the future .
But certain features are broadly alike in all visions of communism .
Private property is eliminated , individualism goes by the board , individuality is flattened , all property is owned and controlled communally , and the individual units of the new collective organism are in some way made " equal " to one another .
Marxists and scholars of Marxism have tended to overlook the centrality of communism to the entire Marxian system .
[ 2 ]
In the " official " Marxism of the 1930s and 1940s , communism was slighted in favor of an allegedly " scientific " stress on the labor theory of value , the class struggle , or the materialist interpretation of history .
And the Soviet Union , even before Gorbachev , grappling with the practical problems of socialism , treated the goal of communism as more of an embarrassment than anything else . [ 3 ]
Similarly , Stalinists such as Louis Althusser dismissed the pre-1848 Marx 's stress on " humanism , " philosophy , and " alienation , " as unscientific and pre-Marxist .
On the other hand , in the 1960s it became fashionable for New Left Marxists such as Herbert Marcuse to dismiss the later " scientific economist " Marx as a rationalistic prelude to despotism and a betrayal of the earlier Marx 's stress on humanism and human " freedom . "
In contrast , I hold with the growing consensus in Marxist studies [ 4 ] that , at least since 1844 and possibly earlier , there was only one Marx , and that Marx , the " humanist , " established the goal that he would seek for the remainder of his life : the apocalyptic triumph of revolutionary communism .
In this view , Marx 's exploration later into the economics of capitalism was merely a quest for the mechanism , the " law of history , " that allegedly makes such a triumph inevitable .
But in that case , it becomes vital to investigate the nature of this allegedly humanistic goal of communism , what the meaning of this " freedom " might be , and whether or not the grisly record of Marxist - Leninist regimes in the 20th century was implicit in the basic Marxian conception of freedom .
" That Marx , the ' humanist , ' established the goal that he would seek for the remainder of his life : the apocalyptic triumph of revolutionary communism . "
Marxism is a religious creed .
This statement has been common among critics of Marx , and since Marxism is an explicit enemy of religion , such a seeming paradox would offend many Marxists , since it clearly challenged the allegedly hard - headed scientific materialism on which Marxism rested .
In the present day , oddly enough , an age of liberation theology and other flirtations between Marxism and the Church , Marxists themselves are often quick to make this same proclamation .
Certainly , one obvious way in which Marxism functions as a religion is the lengths to which Marxists will go to preserve their system against obvious errors or fallacies .
Thus , when Marxian predictions fail even though they are allegedly derived from scientific laws of history , Marxists go to great lengths to change the terms of the original prediction .
A notorious example is Marx 's law of the impoverishment of the working class under capitalism .
When it became all too clear that the standard of living of the workers under industrial capitalism was rising instead of falling , Marxists fell back on the view that what Marx " really " meant by impoverishment was not immiseration but relative deprivation .
One of the problems with this fallback defense is that impoverishment is supposed to be the motor of the proletarian revolution , and it is difficult to envision the workers resorting to bloody revolution because they only enjoy one yacht apiece while capitalists enjoy five or six .
Another notorious example was the response of many Marxists to Böhm - Bawerk 's conclusive demonstration that the labor theory of value could not account for the pricing of goods under capitalism .
Again , the fallback response was that what Marx " really meant " [ 5 ] was not to explain market pricing at all , but merely to assert that labor hours embed some sort of mystically inherent " values " into goods that are , however , irrelevant to the workings of the capitalist market .
If this were true , then it is difficult to see why Marx labored for a great part of his life in an unsuccessful attempt to complete Capital and to solve the value - price problem .
Perhaps the most appropriate commentary on the frantic defenders of Marx 's value theory is that of the ever witty and delightful Alexander Gray , who also touches on another aspect of Marx as religious prophet :
To witness Böhm - Bawerk or Mr. [ H. W. B. ]
Joseph carving up Marx is but a pedestrian pleasure ; for these are but pedestrian writers , who are so pedestrian as to clutch at the plain meaning of words , not realising that what Marx really meant has no necessary connection with what Marx undeniably said .
To witness Marx surrounded by his friends is , however , a joy of an entirely different order .
For it is fairly clear that none of them really knows what Marx really meant ; they are even in considerable doubt as to what he was talking about ; there are hints that Marx himself did not know what he was doing .
In particular , there is no one to tell us what Marx thought he meant by " value . "
Capital is , in one sense , a three - volume treatise , expounding a theory of value and its manifold applications .
Yet Marx never condescends to say what he means by " value , " which accordingly is what anyone cares to make it as he follows the unfolding scroll from 1867 to 1894 .…
Are we concerned with Wissenschaft , slogans , myths , or incantations ?
Marx , it has been said , was a prophet … and perhaps this suggestion provides the best approach .
One does not apply to Jeremiah or Ezekiel the tests to which less - inspired men are subjected .
Perhaps the mistake the world and most of the critics have made is just that they have not sufficiently regarded Marx as a prophet — a man above logic , uttering cryptic and incomprehensible words , which every man may interpret as he chooses . [ 6 ]
Reabsorption Theology
But the nature of Marxism as religion cuts deeper than the follies and evasions of Marxists [ 7 ] or the cryptic and often unintelligible nature of Marxian writings .
For it is the contention of this article that the crucial goal — communism — is an atheized version of a certain type of religious eschatology ; that the alleged inevitable process of getting there — the dialectic — is an atheistic form of the same religious laws of history ; and that the supposedly central problem of capitalism as perceived by " humanist " Marxists , the problem of " alienation , " is an atheistic version of the selfsame religion 's metaphysical grievance at the entire created universe .
As far as I know , there is no commonly - agreed - upon name to designate this fatefully influential religion .
One name is " process theology , " but I shall rather call it " reabsorption theology , " for the word " reabsorption " highlights the allegedly inevitable end point of human history as well as its supposed starting point in a precreation union with God .
As Leszek Kolakowski points out in his monumental work on Marxism , reabsorption theology begins with the 3rd- century Greek philosopher Plotinus , and moves from Plotinus to some of the Christian Platonists , where it takes its place as a Christian heresy .
That heresy tends to bubble up repeatedly from beneath the surface in the works of such Christian mystics as the 19th - century philosopher John Scotus Erigena and the 14th - century Meister Johannes Eckhart . [ 8 ]
The nature and profound implications of reabsorption theology may best be grasped by contrasting this heresy to Christian orthodoxy .
We begin at the beginning — with creatology , the science or discipline of the first days .
Why did God create the universe ?
The orthodox Christian answer is that God created the universe out of a benevolent and overflowing love for his creatures .
Creation was therefore good and wondrous .
The fly in the ointment was introduced by man 's disobedience to God 's laws , for which sin he was cast out of Eden .
Out of this Fall he can be redeemed by the Incarnation of God in human flesh and the sacrifice of Jesus on the Cross .
Note that the Fall was a moral one , and that creation itself remains metaphysically good .
Note , too , that in orthodox Christianity , each human individual , made in the image of God , is of supreme importance , and each individual 's salvation becomes of critical concern .
" It is the contention of this article that the crucial goal — communism — is an atheized version of a certain type of religious eschatology . "
Reabsorption theology , however , originates in a very different creatology .
One of its crucial tenets is that , before creation , man — obviously the collective - species man and not each individual — existed in happy union , in some sort of mighty cosmic blob , united with God and even with nature .
In the Christian view , God , unlike man , is perfect , and therefore does not , like man , perform actions in order to improve his lot .
But for the reabsorptionists , God acts analogously with humans :
God acts out of what Mises called " felt uneasiness , " out of dissatisfaction with his current lot .
God , in other words , creates the universe out of loneliness , dissatisfaction , or , generally , in order to develop his undeveloped faculties .
God creates the universe out of felt need .
In the reabsorptionist view , creation , instead of being wondrous and good , is essentially and metaphysically evil .
For it generates diversity , individuality , and separateness , and thereby cuts off man from his beloved cosmic union with God .
Man is now permanently " alienated " from God , the fundamental alienation ; and also from other men , and from nature .
It is this cosmic metaphysical separateness that lies at the heart of the Marxian concept of " alienation , " and not , as we might now think , personal griping about not controlling the operation of one 's factory , or about lack of access to wealth or political power .
Alienation is a cosmic condition and not a psychological complaint .
For the reabsorptionists , the crucial problems of the world come not from moral failure but from the essential nature of creation itself .
Buddhism and various pantheistic religions , as well as many mystics , offer one partial way out for this cosmic alienation .
To such pantheists , God-Man-and - Nature are and continue to be one , and individual men can recapture that desired unity by various forms of training until Nirvana ( nothingness ) has been achieved and the individual ego has been — at least temporarily — obliterated . [ 9 ]
But the way out offered by the reabsorptionists is different .
First , it is a way offered only to man- as - species and not to any particular individual ; and second , the way is a religiously determined and inevitable law of history .
For there is one good aspect of creation for the reabsorptionists : that God and man each get to fulfill their faculties and expand their respective potentials through history .
In fact , history is a process by which these potentials are fulfilled , in which God and man both perfect themselves .
Then , finally — and here we come to eschatology , the science of the Last Days — there will eventually be a mighty reunion , a reabsorption , in which man and God are at last not only reunited , but reunited on a higher , on a perfected level .
The two cosmic blobs —
God and man ( and presumably nature too ) — now meet and merge on a more exalted level .
The painful state of creation is now over , alienation is at last ended , and man returns Home to be on a higher , postcreation level .
History , and the world , have come to an end .
A crucial feature of reabsorption is that all this " perfecting " and " reuniting " obviously takes place only on a species - collectivist level .
The individual man is nothing , a mere cell in the great , collective - organism man ; only in that way can we say that " man " progresses or fulfills " himself " over the centuries , suffers alienation from " his " precreation state , and finally " returns " to unity with God on a higher level .
The relation to the Marxian goal of communism is already becoming clear ; the " alienation " eliminated by the inevitable communist end of history is that of the collective - species man , each man being finally united with other men and with nature ( which , for Marx , was " created " by the collective - species man , who thereby replaces God as the creator ) .
I shall deal later with communism as the goal of history .
Here we focus on the process by which all these events must take place , and necessarily take place .
First , there is the precreation cosmic blob .
Out of this blob there then arises a very different state of affairs : a created universe , with God , individual men , and nature each existing .
Here are the origins of the magical Hegelian - Marxian " dialectic " : one state of affairs somehow gives rise to a contrasting state .
In the German language , Hegel , the master of the concept of the dialectic , used the crucial term aufhebung , a " lifting up , " which is ambiguous enough to encompass this sudden shift into a very different state , this lifting up which is at one and the same time a preserving , a transcending , and a creating a stark contrast to , the original condition .
The standard English translation for this process in Hegel and Marx is " negating , " but such translation makes the theory even more absurd than it really is — probably " transcending " would be a better term . [ 10 ]
Thus , as usual , the dialectic consists of three stages .
Stage
One is the original state of the precreation cosmic blob , with man and God in happy and harmonious unity , but each rather undeveloped .
Then , the magic dialectic does its work , Stage Two occurs , and God creates man and the universe .
But then , finally , when the development of man and God is completed , Stage Two creates its own aufhebung , its transcendence into its opposite or negation : in short , Stage Three , the reunion of God and man in an " ecstasy of union , " and the end of history .
The dialectical process by which one state of affairs gives rise to a very different state , if not its opposite , is , for the reabsorptionists , a mystical though inevitable development .
There was no need for them to explain the mechanism .
Indeed , particularly influential for Hegel and later reabsorptionist thinkers was one of the later Christian mystics in this tradition : the early 17th - century German cobbler Jakob Boehme .
Pantheizing the dialectic , Boehme declared that it was not God 's will but some primal force that launched the cosmic dialectic of creation and history .
" In orthodox Christianity , each human individual , made in the image of God , is of supreme importance , and each individual 's salvation becomes of critical concern . "
How , Boehme asked , did the world of precreation transcend itself into creation ?
Before creation , he answered , there was a primal source , an eternal unity , an undifferentiated , indistinct , literal Nothing [ Ungrund ] .
Oddly enough , this Nothing possessed within itself an inner striving , a nisus , a drive for self - realization .
That drive , Boehme asserted , gave rise to its opposite , the Will , the interaction of which with nisus transformed the Nothing into the Something of the created universe . [ 11 ]
Heavily influenced by Jakob Boehme was the mystical English communist , Gerrard Winstanley , founder of the Digger sect during the English Civil War .
Son of a textile merchant who had failed in the cloth business and then had sunk to the status of agricultural laborer , Winstanley , in early 1649 , had a mystical vision of the ideal communist world of the future .
Originally , according to this vision , a version of God had created the universe ; but the spirit of " selfishness , " the Devil itself , had entered into man and brought about private property and a market economy .
The curse of the self , opined Winstanley , was " the beginner of particular interest , " or private property , with men buying and selling and saying , " This is mine . "
The end of original communism and its breakup into private property meant that universal liberty was gone , and creation brought " under the curse of bondage , sorrow , and tears . "
In England , Winstanley absurdly held , property had been communist until the Norman Conquest of 1066 , which created the institution of private property . [ 12 ]
But soon , declared Winstanley , universal " love " would eliminate private property , and would thus restore the earth to " a common property as it was in the beginning … making the earth one storehouse , and every man and woman to live … as members of one household . "
This communism and absolute equality of possessions would thus bring to the world the millennium , " a new heaven , and a new earth . " [ 13 ]
At first , Winstanley believed that little or no coercion would be necessary for establishing and maintaining his communist society .
Soon , however , he realized , in the completed draft of his utopia , that all wage labor and all commerce would have to be prohibited on the penalty of death .
Winstanley was quite willing to go this far with his program .
Everyone was to contribute to , and take from , the common storehouse , and the death penalty was to be levied on all use of money , and on any buying or selling .
The " sin " of idleness would of course be combated by forced labor for the benefit of the communist community .
This all - encompassing stress on the executioner makes particularly grisly the declaration of Winstanley that " all punishments that are to be inflicted … are only such as to make the offender … to live in the community of the righteous law of love one with another . "
Education in " love " was to be insured by free and compulsory schooling conducted by the state , mainly in useful crafts rather than in liberal arts , as well as by " ministers " elected by the public to preach secular sermons upholding the new system . [ 14 ]
Hegel as Pantheist Reabsorptionist
Everyone knows that Marx was essentially a Hegelian in philosophy , but the precise scope of Hegel 's influence on Marx is less well understood .
Hegel 's dubious accomplishment was to completely pantheize reabsorption theology .
It is little realized that Hegel was only one , although the most elaborate and hypertrophic , of a host of writers who constituted the highly influential Romantic movement in Germany and England at the end of the 18th and during the first half of the 19th centuries . [ 15 ]
Hegel was a theology student at the University of Tübingen , and many of his fellow Romantics , friends and colleagues , such as Schelling , Schiller , Holderlin , and Fichte , began as theology students , many of them at Tübingen . [ 16 ]
The Romantic twist to the reabsorption story was to proclaim that God is in reality man .
Man , or rather the Man - God , created the universe .
But man 's imperfection , his flaw , lay in his failure to realize that he is God .
The Man - God begins his life in history unconscious of the vital fact that he is God .
He is alienated , cut off from the crucial knowledge that he and God are one , that he created , and continues to empower , the universe .
History , then , is the inevitable process by which the Man - God develops his faculties , fulfills his potential , and advances his knowledge , until that blissful day when man acquires Absolute Knowledge , that is , the full knowledge and realization that he is God .
At that point , the Man - God finally reaches his potential , becomes an infinite being without bounds , and thereby puts an end to history .
The dialectic of history occurs , again , in three fundamental stages : the precreation stage ; the postcreation stage of development with alienation ; and the final reabsorption into the state of infinity and absolute self - knowledge , which culminates , and puts an end to , the historical process .
Why , then , did Hegel 's Man-God ( also termed by Hegel the " world - self " or " world - spirit " [ Weltgeist ] ) create the universe ?
Not out of benevolence , but out of a felt need to become conscious of itself as a world - self .
This process of growing consciousness is achieved through the creative activity by which the world - self externalizes itself .
First , this externalization occurs by the Man - God creating nature , and next , by a continuing self - externalization through human history .
By building civilization , man increases the knowledge of his own divinity ; in that way , through history man gradually puts an end to his own " self - alienation , " which for Hegel was ipso facto the alienation of man from God.
Crucial to Hegelian doctrine is that man is alienated , and he perceives the world as hostile , because it is not himself .
All these conflicts are finally resolved when man realizes at long last that the world really is himself .
But why is Hegel 's man so odd and neurotic that he regards everything that is not himself as alien and hostile ?
The answer is central to the Hegelian mystique .
It is because Hegel , or Hegel 's man , cannot stand the idea of himself not being God , and therefore not being of infinite space and without boundary or limit .
Seeing any other being or any other object exist would imply that he himself is not infinite or divine .
In short , Hegel 's philosophy constitutes solipsistic megalomania on a grand and cosmic scale .
Professor Robert C. Tucker describes the situation with characteristic acuity :
For Hegel alienation is finitude , and finitude in turn is bondage .
The experience of self - estrangement in the presence of an apparent objective world is an experience of enslavement .…
Spirit , when confronted with an object or " other , " is ipso facto aware of itself as merely finite being … as extending only so far and no farther .
The object is , therefore , a " limit " ( Grenze ) .
And a limit , since it contradicts spirit's notion of itself as absolute being , i.e. , being - without - limit , is necessarily apprehended as a " barrier " or " fetter " ( Schranke ) . …
In its confrontation with an apparent object , spirit feels imprisoned in limitation .
It experiences what Hegel calls the " sorrow of finitude . " …
In Hegel 's quite unique conception of it , freedom means the consciousness of self as unbounded ; it is the absence of a limiting object or non-self . …
Accordingly , the growth of spirit's self - knowledge in history is alternatively describable as a progress of the consciousness of freedom . [ 17 ]
Hegel 's dialectic of history did not simply have three stages ; history moved forward in a series of stages , each one of which was moved forward dramatically by a process of aufhebung .
It is evident that the " man " who creates the world , who advances his " self " - knowledge , and who finally " returns " " Home " in an ecstasy of self - knowledge is not puny individual man , but man as collective species .
But , for Hegel , each stage of advance is propelled by great individuals , " world - historical " men , who embody the attributes of the Absolute more than others , and act as significant agents of the next aufhebung , the lifting up of the Man - God or " world - soul 's " next great advance into " self - knowledge . "
Thus , at a time when most patriotic Prussians were reacting violently against Napoleon 's imperial conquests , and mobilizing their forces against him , Hegel wrote to a friend in ecstasy about having seen Napoleon , " the Emperor — this world - soul , " riding down the street ; for Napoleon , even if unconsciously , was pursuing the world - historical mission of bringing a strong Prussian State into being . [ 18 ]
It is interesting that Hegel got his idea of the " cunning of Reason , " of great individuals acting as unconscious agents of the world - soul through history , by perusing the works of the Rev. Adam Ferguson , whose phrase about events being " the product of human action but not of human design , " has been so influential in the thought of F. A. Hayek and his disciples . [ 19 ]
In the economic realm , as well , Hegel learned of the alleged misery of alienation in separation — that is , specialization and the division of labor — from Ferguson himself through Friedrich Schiller and from Ferguson 's good friend , Adam Smith , in his Wealth of Nations . [ 20 ]
It is easy to see how the reabsorptionist - Hegelian doctrine of unity - good , separation - bad helped form the Marxian goal of communism , the end state of history in which the individual is totally absorbed into the collective , thus attaining the state of true collective - man " freedom . "
But there are also more particular influences .
Thus , the Marxian idea of early or primitive communism , happy and integrated though undeveloped , and then burst apart by rapacious , alienating if developing capitalism , was prefigured by Hegel 's historical outlook .
Following his friend and mentor the Romantic writer Friedrich Schiller , Hegel , in an article written in 1795 , lauded the alleged homogeneity , harmony , and unity of ancient Greece , supposedly free of the alienating division of labor .
The consequent aufhebung , though leading to the growth of commerce , living standards , and individualism , also destroyed the wonderful unity of Greece , and radically fragmented man .
To Hegel , the next inevitable stage of history would reintegrate man and the State .
" In short , Hegel 's philosophy constitutes solipsistic megalomania on a grand and cosmic scale . "
The State was critical for Hegel .
Again foreshadowing Marx , it is now particularly important for man — the collective organism — to surmount unconscious , blind fate , and " consciously " take control of it by means of the State .
Hegel was quite insistent that , in order for the State to fulfill its vital function it must be guided by a comprehensive philosophy , and indeed by a Great Philosopher , to give its mighty rule the necessary coherence .
Otherwise , as Professor Plant explains , " such a state , devoid of philosophical comprehension , would appear as a merely arbitrary and oppressive imposition of the freedom of individuals . "
But , on the contrary , if armed with Hegelian philosophy and with Hegel himself as its great leader , " this alien aspect of the progressive modern state would disappear and would be seen not as an imposition but a development of self - consciousness . " [ 21 ]
Armed , then , with such a philosophy and such a philosopher , the modern , especially the modern Prussian , State could take its divinely appointed stand at the apex of human history and civilization , as God on earth .
Thus , " The modern State … when comprehended philosophically , could therefore be seen as the highest articulation of Spirit , or God in the contemporary world . "
The State , then , is " a supreme manifestation of the activity of God in the world " ; " The State is the Divine Idea as it exists on earth " ; " The State is the march of God through the world " ; " The State is the actually existing , realized moral life " ; the " State is the reality of the kingdom of heaven . "
And finally , " The State is God 's Will . " [ 22 ]
For Hegel , of all the various forms of State , monarchy — as in contemporary Prussia — is best , since it permits all its subjects to be " free " ( in the Hegelian sense ) by submerging their being into the divine substance , which is the authoritarian , monarchial State .
The people are only " free " as insignificant particles of this divine substance .
As Tucker writes ,
Hegel 's conception of freedom is totalitarian in a literal sense of the word .
The world - self must experience itself as the totality of being , or in Hegel 's own words must elevate itself to a " self - comprehending totality , " in order to achieve the consciousness of freedom . [ 23 ]
Every determinist creed thoughtfully provides an escape hatch for the determinist himself , so that he can rise above the determining factors , expound his philosophy and convince his fellowmen .
Hegel was no exception , but his was unquestionably the most grandiose of all escape hatches .
For of all the world - historical figures , those embodiments of the Man - God , who are called on to bring on the next stage of the dialectic , who can be greater , more in tune with the divinity , than the Great Philosopher himself , who has brought us the knowledge of this entire process , and thereby was able to himself complete man 's final comprehension of the Absolute and of man 's all - encompassing divinity ?
And is n't the great creator of the crucial philosophy about man and the universe in a deep sense greater than the philosophy itself ?
And therefore , if the species man is God , is n't he , the great Hegel , in a profound sense God of Gods ? [ 24 ]
Finally , as luck and the dialectic would have it , Hegel was just in time to take his place as the Great Philosopher in the greatest , the noblest , and most developed authoritarian State in the history of the world : the existing Prussian monarchy of King Friedrich Wilhelm III .
If the king would only accept his world - historical mission , Hegel , arm in arm with the king , would then usher in the final culminating self - knowledge of the Absolute Man-God .
Together , Hegel , aided by the king , would bring an end to human history .
For his part , King Friedrich Wilhelm III was all too ready to play his divinely appointed role .
When the reactionary powers took over Prussia in 1815 , they needed an official philosopher to call on Prussian subjects to worship the State , and thereby to combat the French Revolutionary ideals of individualism , liberty , reason , and natural rights .
Hegel was brought to the great new University of Berlin in 1818 to become the official philosopher of that academic monument to the authoritarian Prussian State .
While highly influential in Prussia and the Protestant sectors of Germany , Hegelianism was also akin to , and influential upon , the Romantic writers in England .
Virtually all of Wordsworth 's poetic output was designed to set forth what he called a " high Romantic argument , " designed to transcend and counteract Milton 's " heroic " or " great " argument expounding the orthodox Christian eschatology , in which man , as individual men , will either return to Paradise or be consigned to Hell upon the Second Advent of Jesus Christ .
To this " argument , " Wordsworth counterposed his own pantheist vision of the upward spiral of history in which man , as species , inevitably returns home from his cosmic alienation .
Also dedicated to the Wordsworthian vision were Coleridge , Shelley , and Keats .
It is instructive that all of these men were Christian heretics , converts from explicitly Christian theology : Wordsworth had been trained to be an Anglican priest ; Coleridge had been a lay preacher , and was steeped in neo -Platonism and the mystical works of Jakob Boehme ; and Shelley had been absorbed in the study of the Bible .
Finally , the tempestuous , conservative , statist British writer , Thomas Carlyle , paid tribute to Hegel 's mentor Friedrich Schiller by writing a biography of Schiller in 1825 .
From then on , Carlyle 's influential writings were to be steeped in the Hegelian vision .
Unity is good , diversity and separateness is evil and diseased ; science as well as individualism constitutes division and dismemberment .
Selfhood , Carlyle ranted , is alienation from nature , from others , and from oneself .
But one day , Carlyle prophesied , the breakthrough , the world 's spiritual rebirth , will arrive , led by world - historical figures ( " great men " ) , through which man will return home to a friendly world by means of the utter " annihilation of self " ( Selbst - todtung ) . [ 25 ]
Finally , in Past and Present ( 1843 ) , Carlyle applied his profoundly anti-individualist vision to economic affairs .
He denounced egoism , material greed , and laissez - faire , which , by fostering man 's severance from others , had led to a world " which has become a lifeless other , and in severance also from other human beings within a social order in which ' cash payment is … the sole nexus of man with man . ' "
In opposition to this evil " cash nexus " lay the familial relation with nature and fellowmen , the relation of " love . "
The stage was set for Karl Marx . [ 26 ]
Communism as the Kingdom of God on Earth : From Joachim to Müntzer
So far we have dealt with reabsorption theology as a crucial forerunner of Marx 's religious , eschatological communism .
But there is another important strand sometimes woven in with the first , fused into his eschatological vision : messianic millennialism , or chiliasm , the establishing of a communist Kingdom of God on Earth .
Throughout its history , Christianity has had to confront the question of the millennium : the thousand - year reign of God on earth .
Particularly in such murky parts of the Bible as the book of Daniel and the book of Revelation , there are suggestions of such a millennial Kingdom of God on Earth before the final Day of Judgment and the end of human history .
The orthodox Christian line was set by the great Saint Augustine in the early 5th century , and has been accepted ever since by the mainstream Christian churches : Roman Catholic , Lutheran , and arguably by Calvin and at least by the Dutch wing of the Calvinist church .
That orthodox line holds that the millennial Kingdom of God on Earth [ KGE ] is strictly a metaphor for the Christian Church , which reigns on earth only in the spiritual sense .
The material realization of the Kingdom of God will only arrive upon the Day of Judgment and is therefore to be confined to heaven alone .
Orthodox Christians have always warned that taking the KGE literally , what the late orthodox - Christian theorist Erich Voegelin called " immanentizing the eschaton " — bringing the eschaton down to earth — is bound to create grave social problems .
For one thing , most versions of how the KGE will come into being are apocalyptic .
The KGE is to be preceded by a mighty Armageddon , a titanic war of good against evil , in which the good will finally , though inevitably , triumph .
" With no money to purchase any good , the population became slavishly dependent on handouts or rations from the power elite . "
One reason for the apocalypse is a fundamental problem faced by all KGE theorists .
The KGE , by definition , will consist of a society of saints , of perfect people .
But if this is true , what has become of the host of human sinners , of whom alas there are legion ?
In order to establish the KGE there must first be some sort of mighty apocalyptic purge of the sinners to clear the ground for the society of saints .
" Premillennial " and " postmillennial " variants of apocalyptics accomplish this task in different ways .
The pre-mils , who believe that Jesus 's Second Advent will precede the KGE , and that Jesus will run the Kingdom with the cadre of saints at his right hand , achieve the purge by a divinely determined Armageddon between God 's forces and the forces of the Beast and the Antichrist .
The post-mils , who believe that man must establish the KGE as a precondition of Jesus 's Second Coming , have to take matters more directly in their own hands and accomplish the great purge on their own .
Thus , one disturbing aspect of the KGE is the preparatory purgation of the host of human sinners .
A second problem is what the KGE is going to look like .
As we might imagine , KGE theorists have been extremely cloudy about the nature of their perfect society , but one troublesome feature is that , to the extent that we know its operations at all , the KGE is almost always depicted as a communist society , lacking work , private property , or the division of labor .
In short , something like the Marxian communist utopia , except run by a cadre , not of the vanguard of the proletariat , but of theocratic saints .
Any communist system faces the problem of production : who would have the incentive to produce for the communal storehouse , and how would this work and its products be allocated ?
The first , and most highly influential , communist Christian heretic was the late 12th - century Calabrian abbot and hermit , Joachim of Fiore .
Joachim , who almost managed to convert three popes to his heresy , adopted the thesis that there are destined to be in history , not just two Ages ( pre - and post - Christian ) as orthodox Christians believe , but a Third Age aborning , of which he was the prophet .
The pre-Christian era was the age of the Father , of the Old Testament ; the Christian era the age of the Son , the New Testament .
And now arrives the third apocalyptic age of the Holy Spirit , to be ushered in during the next half - century , an age of pure love and freedom , in which history was to come to an end .
The Church , the Bible , and the State would be swept away , and man would live in a free , communist community without work or property .
Joachim dispensed with the problem of production and allocation under communism very neatly and effectively , more so than any communist successor .
In the Third Age , he declared , man 's material body will disappear , and man will be pure spirit , free to spend all of his days in mystical ecstasy chanting praises to God for a thousand years until the Day of Judgment .
Without physical bodies , there is of course precious little need for production . [ 27 ]
For Joachim , the path to this kingdom of pure spirit would be blazed by a new order of highly spiritual monks , from whom would come 12 patriarchs headed by a supreme teacher , who would convert the Jews to Christianity as foretold in the book of Revelation .
For a blazing three and a half years a secular king , the Antichrist , would crush and destroy the corrupt Christian Church , after which the Antichrist would be overthrown by the new monastic order , who would promptly establish the millennial age of the Spirit .
It is no wonder that a rigorist wing of the Franciscan order , which was to emerge during the first half of the 13th century , and be dedicated to material poverty , should see themselves as the coming Joachimite cadre .
At the same period , the Amaurians , led by a group of theology students of Amalric at the University of Paris , carried on the Joachimite doctrine of the three Ages , and added an interesting twist : each age , they declared , has enjoyed its own Incarnation .
In the age of the Old Testament , the divine Incarnation settled in Abraham and perhaps some other patriarchs ; for the New Testament age , the Incarnation was of course Jesus ; and now , for the dawning Age of the Holy Spirit , the Incarnation would emerge among the various human beings themselves .
As might be expected , the Amaurian cadre proclaimed themselves to be living gods , the Incarnation of the Holy Spirit .
Not that they would always remain a divine elite , among men ; on the contrary , they were destined to be the vanguard , leading mankind to its universal Incarnation .
During the following century , a congeries of groups throughout northern Europe known as the Brethren of the Free Spirit added another important ingredient to this brew : the mystical dialectic of the " reabsorption into God . "
But the brethren added their own elitist twist : while the reabsorption of all men must await the end of history , and the mass of the " crude in spirit " must meanwhile meet their individual deaths , there was a glorious minority , the " subtle in spirit , " who could and did become reabsorbed and therefore living gods during their lifetime .
This minority , of course , was the cadre of the Brethren themselves , who , by virtue of years of training , self - torture , and visions had become perfect gods , more perfect and more godlike than even Christ himself .
Furthermore , once this stage of mystical union was reached , it was to be permanent and eternal .
These new gods , in fact , often proclaimed themselves greater than God himself .
Being living gods on earth brought a lot of good things in its wake .
In the first place , it led directly to an extreme form of the antinomian heresy ; that is , if people are gods , then it is impossible for them to sin .
Whatever they did is necessarily moral and perfect .
This means that any act ordinarily considered to be sin , from adultery to murder , became perfectly legitimate when performed by the living gods .
Indeed , the Free Spirits , like other antinomians , were tempted to demonstrate and flaunt their freedom from sin by performing all manner of sins imaginable .
But there was also a catch .
Among the Free Spirit cultists , only a minority of leading adepts were " living gods . "
For the rank - and - file cultists , striving to become gods , there was one sin and one alone which they must not commit : disobedience to their master .
Each disciple was bound by an oath of absolute obedience to a particular living god .
Take , for example , Nicholas of Basle , a leading Free Spirit , whose cult stretched most of the length of the Rhine .
Claiming to be the new Christ , Nicholas held that everyone 's sole path to salvation consisted of making an act of absolute and total submission to Nicholas himself .
In return for this total fealty , Nicholas granted his followers freedom from all sin .
As for the rest of mankind outside the cults , they were simply unredeemed and unregenerate beings who existed only to be used and exploited by the Elect .
This gospel of total rule went hand in hand with the social doctrine of many of the 14th - century cults of the Free Spirit : a communistic assault on the institution of private property .
In a sense , however , this philosophic communism was merely a thinly camouflaged cover for the Free Spirits ' self - proclaimed right to commit theft at will .
The Free Spirit adept , in short , regarded all property of the non-Elect as rightfully his own .
The Bishop of Strasbourg summed up this creed in 1817 : " They believe that all things are common , whence they conclude that theft is lawful for them . "
Or as the Free Spirit adept from Erfurt , Johann Hartmann , put it , " The truly free man is king and lord of all creatures .
All things belong to him , and he has the right to use whatever pleases him .
If anyone tries to prevent him , the free man may kill him and take his goods . " [ 28 ]
As one of the favorite sayings of the Brethren of the Free Spirit phrased it , " Whatever the eye sees and covets , let the hand grasp it . "
The following century , the 14th , brought the first attempt to initiate the KGE , the first brief experiment in totalitarian theocratic communism .
This attempt originated in the left , or extreme , wing , of the Taborites , which in turn constituted the radical wing of the revolutionary Hussite movement in Czech Bohemia of the early 15th century .
The Hussite movement , led by Jan Hus , was a pre-Protestant revolutionary formation that blended struggles of religion ( Hussite vs. Catholic ) , nationality ( popular Czech vs. upper- class and upper- clergy German ) , and class ( artisans cartelized in urban guilds trying to take political power from patricians ) .
Building on the previous communist KGE movements , and especially on the Brethren of the Free Spirit , the ultra-Taborites added , with considerable enthusiasm , one extra ingredient : the duty to exterminate .
For the Last Days are coming , and the Elect must go forth and stamp out sin by exterminating all sinners , which means , at the very least , all non-ultra - Taborites .
For all sinners are enemies of Christ , and " accursed be the man who withholds his sword from shedding the blood of the enemies of Christ .
Every believer must wash his hands in that blood . "
This destruction was of course not to stop short of intellectual eradication .
When sacking churches and monasteries , the Taborites took particular delight in destroying libraries and burning books .
For " all belongings must be taken away from God 's enemies and burned or otherwise destroyed . "
Besides , the Elect have no need of books .
When the Kingdom of God on Earth arrived , there would no longer be " need for anyone to teach another .
There would be no need for books or scriptures , and all worldly wisdom will perish . "
And all people too , one suspects .
The ultra-Taborites also wove into the reabsorption theme a return to the alleged early condition of Czech communism : a society lacking the sin of private property .
In order to return to this classless society , determined the Taborites , the cities , those notorious centers of luxury and avarice , must be exterminated .
And once the communist KGE had been established in Bohemia , the Elect must forge out from that base and impose such communism on the rest of the world .
The Taborites also added another ingredient to make their communist ideal consistent .
In addition to the communism of property , women would also be communized .
The Taborite preachers taught that " Everything will be common , including wives ; there will be free sons and daughters of God and there will be no marriage as union of two — husband and wife . "
The Hussite revolution broke out in 1419 , and in that same year , the Taborites gathered at the town of Usti , in northern Bohemia near the German border .
They renamed Usti " Tabor , " i.e. , the Mount of Olives where Jesus had foretold his Second Coming , was ascended to heaven , and where he was expected to reappear .
The radical Taborites engaged in a communist experiment at Tabor , owning everything in common , and being dedicated to the proposition that " whoever owns private property commits a mortal sin . "
True to their doctrines , all women were owned in common , and if husband and wife were ever seen together , they were beaten to death or otherwise executed .
Characteristically , the Taborites were so caught up in their unlimited right to consume from the common store that they felt themselves exempt from the need to work .
The common store soon disappeared , and then what ?
Then , of course , the radical Taborites claimed that their need entitled them to claim the property of the non-Elect , and they proceeded to rob others at will .
A synod of the moderate Taborites complained : " many communities never think of earning their own living by the work of their hands but are only willing to live on other people 's property and to undertake unjust campaigns for the sake of robbing . "
Moreover , the Taborite peasantry who had rejoiced in the abolition of feudal dues paid to the Catholic patricians found the radical regime reimposing the same feudal dues and bonds only six months later .
Discredited among their moderate allies and among their peasantry , the radical communist regime at Usti / Tabor soon collapsed .
But their torch was quickly picked up by a sect known as the Bohemian Adamites .
Like the Free Spirits of the previous century , the Adamites held themselves to be living gods , superior to Christ , since Christ had died while they still lived ( impeccable logic , if a bit shortsighted ) .
For the Adamites , led by a peasant leader they dubbed " Adam - Moses , " all goods were owned strictly in common , and marriage was considered a heinous sin .
In short , promiscuity was compulsory , since the chaste were unworthy to enter the messianic Kingdom .
Any man could choose any woman at will , and that will would have to be obeyed .
On the other hand , promiscuity was at one and the same time compulsory and severely restricted ; since sex could only take place with the permission of the leader , Adam - Moses .
The Adamites added a special twist : they went around naked most of the time , imitating the original state of Adam and Eve .
Like the other radical Taborites , the Adamites regarded it as their sacred mission to exterminate all the unbelievers in the world , wielding the sword , in one of their favorite images , until blood floods the world up to the height of a horse 's bridle .
The Adamites were God 's scythe , sent to cut down and eradicate the unrighteous .
Pursued by the Hussite military commander Jan Zizka , the Adamites took refuge on an island in the river Nezarka , from which they went forth in commando raids to try their best , despite their relatively small number , to fulfill their twin pledge of compulsory communism and extermination of the non-Elect .
At night , they raided the mainland — in forays they called a " Holy War " — to rob everything they could lay their hands on and to exterminate their victims .
True to their creed , they murdered every man , woman , and child they could find .
Finally , in October 1421 , Zizka sent a force of 400 trained soldiers to besiege the Adamite island , soon overwhelming the commune and massacring every last Adamite .
One more hellish Kingdom of God on Earth had been put to the sword .
The moderate Taborite army was , in turn , crushed by the Hussites at the Battle of Lipan in 1434 , and from then on , Taborism declined and went underground .
But Taborite and millennialist ideas continued to pop up , not only among the Czechs , but also in Bavaria and in other German lands bordering Bohemia .
Sometimes Martin Luther must have felt that he had loosed the whirlwind , even opened the Gates of Hell .
Shortly after Luther launched the Reformation , Anabaptist sects appeared and spread throughout Germany .
Anabaptists believed that they were the Elect , and that the sign of that election was an emotional , mystical conversion experience , the process of being " born again , " or baptized in the Holy Spirit .
For groups of the Anabaptist Elect finding themselves within a corrupt and sinful society , there were two routes to take .
One , the voluntary Anabaptists , such as the Amish or Mennonites , became virtual anarchists , striving to separate themselves as much as possible from a sinful State and society .
The other wing , the theocratic Anabaptists , sought to seize power in the State and to shape up society by extreme coercion .
As Monsignor Knox has pointed out , this ultratheocratic approach must be distinguished from the sort of theocracy ( what has recently been called theonomy — the rule of God 's Law ) imposed by Calvin in Geneva or by the Calvinistic Puritans in 17th - century North America .
Luther and Calvin , in Knox 's terminology , did not pretend to be " prophets " enjoying continuing personal divine revelation ; they were only " pundits , " scholarly experts in interpreting the Bible , and in applying Biblical law to man . [ 29 ]
But the coercive Anabaptists were led by men claiming mystical illumination and revelation and deserving therefore of absolute power .
The wave of theocratic Anabaptism that swept over Germany and Holland with hurricane force may be called the " Müntzer– Münster era , " since it was launched by Thomas Müntzer in 1520 , and ended in a holocaust at the city of Münster 15 years later .
A learned young theologian and graduate of the Universities of Leipzig and Frankfurt , Müntzer was selected by Luther to become a Lutheran pastor in the city of Zwickau .
" If communism is the perfect society , somebody must be able to enjoy its fruits ; and who better than the messiah and his courtiers ? "
Zwickau , however , was near the Bohemian border , and there Müntzer was converted by the weaver and adept Niklas Storch , who had lived in Bohemia , to the old Taborite creed : in particular , continuing personal divine revelation to the prophet of the cult , and the necessity for the Elect to seize power and impose a society of theocratic communism by brutal force of arms .
In addition , there was to be communism of women : marriage was to be prohibited , and each man was to be able to have any woman at will .
Thomas Müntzer now claimed to be the divinely chosen prophet , destined to wage a war of blood and extermination by the Elect against the sinners .
Müntzer claimed that the " living Christ " had permanently entered his own soul .
Endowed thereby with perfect insight into the divine will , he asserted himself to be uniquely qualified to fulfill the divine mission .
He even spoke of himself as " becoming God . "
Having graduated from the world of learning , Müntzer was now ready for the world of action .
Müntzer wandered around central Germany for several years , gaining adepts and inspiring uprisings that were quickly suppressed .
Gaining a ministerial post in the small Thuringian town of Allstedt , Müntzer gained a wide popular following by preaching in the vernacular , attracting a large number of uneducated miners , whom he formed into a revolutionary organization called " The League of the Elect . "
A turning point in Müntzer 's career came in 1524 , when Duke John , brother of the Elector of Saxony and a Lutheran , came to town and asked Müntzer to preach him a sermon .
Seizing his opportunity , Müntzer laid it on the line : the Saxon princes must take their stand as either servants of God or of the Devil .
If they would do the former , they must " lay on with the sword " to " exterminate " all the " godless " and " evil - doers , " especially including priests , monks , and godless rulers .
If the Saxon princes failed in this task , Müntzer warned , " the sword shall be taken from them .
If they [ the princes ] resist , let them be slaughtered without mercy .
Such extermination , performed by the princes and guided by Müntzer , would usher in a thousand - year rule by the Elect .
Duke John 's reaction to this fiery ultimatum was surprisingly blasé .
But , warned repeatedly by Luther that Müntzer was becoming dangerous , the Duke finally ordered Müntzer to refrain from any provocative preaching until his case was decided by the Elector .
This reaction by the Saxon princes , however mild , was enough to set Thomas Müntzer onto his final revolutionary road .
The princes had proved themselves untrustworthy : it was now up to the mass of the poor to make the revolution .
The poor , the Elect , would establish a rule of compulsory egalitarian communism , where all things would be owned in common by all , where everyone would be equal in all things , and each person would receive according to his need .
But not yet .
For even the poor must first be broken of worldly desires and frivolous enjoyments , and they must recognize the leadership of a new " servant of God " who " must stand forth in the spirit of Elijah … and set things in motion . "
It was not difficult to guess who that Leader was supposed to be .
Seeing Allstedt as inhospitable , Müntzer moved to the Thuringian city of Muhlhausen , where he found a friendly home in a land in political turmoil .
Under Müntzer 's inspiration , a revolutionary group took over Muhlhausen in February 1525 , and Müntzer and his allies proceeded to impose a communist regime upon that city .
The monasteries of Muhlhausen were seized , and all property was declared to be in common ; as a consequence , a contemporary observer noted , the regime " so affected the folk that no one wanted to work . "
As under the Taborites , the regime of communism and love soon became , in practice , a systemic excuse for theft :
when anyone needed food or clothing he went to a rich man and demanded it of him in Christ 's name , for Christ had commanded that all should share with the needy .
And what was not given freely was taken by force .
Many acted thus .…
Thomas [ Müntzer ] instituted this brigandage and multiplied it every day . [ 30 ]
At that point , the great Peasants '
War erupted throughout Germany , a rebellion by the peasantry in favor of their local autonomy , and opposing the new , centralizing , high - tax rule of the German princes .
In the process of crushing the feebly armed peasantry , the princes came to Muhlhausen on May 15 , and offered amnesty to the peasants if they would hand over Müntzer and his immediate followers .
The peasants were tempted , but Müntzer , holding aloft his naked sword , gave his last flaming speech , declaring that God had personally promised him victory , that he would catch all the enemy cannonballs in the sleeves of his cloak , and that God would protect them all .
At a climactic moment in Müntzer 's speech , a rainbow appeared in the heavens .
Since Müntzer had adopted the rainbow as the symbol of his movement , the credulous peasantry naturally interpreted this event as a veritable Sign from heaven .
Unfortunately , the Sign failed to work , and the princes ' army crushed the peasantry , killing 5,000 while losing only half a dozen men .
Müntzer himself fled and hid , but was captured soon after , tortured into confession , and duly executed .
Communism as the Kingdom of God on Earth : The Takeover of Münster
Thomas Müntzer and his Sign may have gotten short shrift , and his body be a - mouldrin ' in the grave , but his soul kept marching on .
His cause was soon picked up by a Müntzer disciple , the bookbinder Hans Hut .
Hut claimed to be a prophet sent by God to announce that Christ would return to earth at Whitsuntide , 1528 , and would give the power to enforce justice to Hut and to his following of rebaptized saints .
The saints would then " take up double - edged swords " and wreak God 's vengeance upon priests , pastors , kings , and nobles .
Hut and his men would then " establish the rule of Hans Hut on earth , " with Muhlhausen , as one might expect , as the world 's capital .
Christ , aided by Hut and company , would then establish a millennium of communism and free love .
Hut was captured in 1527 ( unfortunately before Jesus had a chance to return ) , imprisoned at Augsburg , and killed allegedly trying to escape .
For a year or two , Huttian followers popped up throughout southern Germany , threatening to set up a communist Kingdom of God by force of arms .
In 1530 , however , they were smashed and suppressed by the alarmed authorities .
Müntzer - type Anabaptism would now move to northwestern Germany .
Northwestern Germany was dotted by a number of small ecclesiastical states , each run by a prince - bishop ( bishops who were secular aristocratic lords not ordained as priests ) .
The ruling clergy of the state exempted themselves from taxation , while imposing heavy taxes on the rest of the populace .
Generally , the capital cities of each state were run by an oligarchy of guilds who cartelized their crafts , and who battled the state clergy for a degree of autonomy .
The largest of these ecclesiastical states in northwest Germany was the bishopric of Münster ; its capital city of Münster , a town of some 10,000 people , was run by the town guilds .
During and after the Peasants '
War , the guilds and clergy battled back and forth , until , in 1532 , the guilds , supported by the people , were able to take over the town , soon forcing the Catholic bishop to recognize Münster officially as a Lutheran city .
Münster was not destined to remain Lutheran for long , however .
From all over the northwest , hordes of Anabaptist crazies flooded into the city of Münster , seeking the onset of the New Jerusalem .
Anabaptism escalated when the eloquent and popular young minister Bernt Rothmann , a highly educated son of a town blacksmith , converted to Anabaptism .
Originally a Catholic priest , Rothmann had become a friend of Luther and a head of the Lutheran church in Münster .
But now he lent his eloquent preaching to the cause of communism as it had supposedly existed in the primitive Christian Church , with everything being held in common , with no mine or thine , and each man receiving according to his " need . "
Rothmann 's widespread reputation attracted thousands more into Münster , largely the poor , the rootless , and those hopelessly in debt .
The leader of the horde of Münster Anabaptists , however , was destined to be not Rothmann but a Dutch baker from Haarlem , Jan Matthys .
In early 1534 , Matthys sent out missionaries or " apostles " to rebaptize everyone they could into the Matthys movement , and his apostles were greeted in Münster with enormous enthusiasm .
Even Rothmann was rebaptized once again , followed by many former nuns and a large part of the population .
The leader of the Matthys movement soon arrived , a young Dutchman of 25 , named Jan Bockelson ( Jan of Leyden ) .
Bockelson quickly married the daughter of the wealthy cloth merchant , Bernt Knipperdollinck , the leader of the Münster guilds , and the two men , leading the town in apocalyptic frenzy , led a successful uprising to dominate the town .
The two leaders sent messengers outside the town urging all followers to come to Münster .
The rest of the world , they proclaimed , would be destroyed in a month or two ; only Münster would be saved , to become the New Jerusalem .
Thousands poured in from as far away as Frisia in the northern Netherlands .
As a result , the Anabaptists were able to impose absolute rule on the city , with the incoming Matthys , aided by Bockelson , becoming the virtual dictator of Münster .
At last , Anabaptism had seized a real - life city ; the greatest communist experiment in history to that date could now begin .
The first cherished program of this new communist theocracy was , of course , to purge the New Jerusalem of the unclean and the ungodly , as a prelude to their ultimate extermination throughout the world .
Matthys , therefore , called for the execution of all remaining Catholics and Lutherans , but Knipperdollinck , slightly more politically astute , warned Matthys that such immediate slaughter might bring down the wrath of the rest of the world .
Matthys therefore did the next best thing and on February 27 the Catholics and Lutherans were driven out of the city , in the midst of a horrendous snowstorm .
Prefiguring the actions of communist Cambodia in the 1970s , all non-Anabaptists , including old people , invalids , babies , and pregnant women , were driven into the snowstorm , and all were forced to leave behind all their money , property , food , and clothing .
The remaining Lutherans and Catholics were compulsorily rebaptized , all those refusing being put to death .
The mass expulsion of non-Anabaptists was enough for the bishop , who began a long military siege of Münster the next day .
With every person in the city drafted for siege work , Jan Matthys launched his totalitarian - communist social revolution .
The first step was to confiscate the property of the expellees .
All their worldly goods were placed in central depots , and the poor were encouraged to take " according to their needs , " the " needs " to be interpreted by seven appointed " deacons " chosen by Matthys .
When a blacksmith protested at these measures imposed , particularly gallingly , by a group of Dutch foreigners , Matthys arrested the courageous smithy .
Summoning the entire population of the town to be witness , Matthys personally stabbed , shot , and killed the " godless " blacksmith , and then threw into prison several leading citizens who protested his treatment .
The crowd was warned to profit by this public execution , and they obediently sang a hymn in honor of the killing .
A crucial part of the Anabaptist reign of terror was their decision , again prefiguring that of the Khmer Rouge regime in Cambodia , to abolish all private ownership of money .
With no money to purchase any good , the population became slavishly dependent on handouts or rations from the power elite .
Accordingly , Matthys , Rothmann , and the rest launched a propaganda campaign that it was un-Christian to own money privately ; and that all money should be held " in common , " which in practice meant that all money whatsoever must be handed over to Matthys and his ruling clique .
Several Anabaptists who kept or hid their money were arrested and terrorized into crawling to Matthys on their knees , begging forgiveness , which Matthys graciously granted them .
After two months of unremitting propaganda , combined with threats and terror against those who disobeyed , the private ownership of money was effectively abolished in Münster .
The government seized all the money and used it to buy goods or hire workers from the outside world .
Wages were doled out in kind by the only employer : the theocratic Anabaptist State .
Food was confiscated from private homes , and rationed according to the will of government deacons .
Also , to accommodate the host of immigrants , all private homes were effectively communized , with everyone permitted to quarter themselves everywhere ; it was now illegal to close , let alone lock , one 's doors .
Compulsory communal dining halls were established , where people ate together to the readings from the Old Testament .
The compulsory communism and reign of terror was carried out in the name of community and Christian " love . "
This communization was considered the first giant step toward egalitarian communism , where , as Rothmann put it , " all things were to be in common , there was to be no private property and nobody was to do any more work , but simply trust in God . "
Somehow , the workless part never seemed to arrive .
A pamphlet sent by the Matthys regime to other Anabaptist communities hailed their new order of Christian love through terror :
For not only have we put all our belongings into a common pool under the care of deacons , and live from it according to our need ; we praise God through Christ with one heart and mind and are eager to help one another with every kind of service .
And accordingly , everything which has served the purposes of self - seeking and private property , such as buying and selling , working for money , taking interest and practicing usury … or eating and drinking the sweat of the poor … and indeed everything which offends us against love — all such things are abolished amongst us by the power of love and community .
At the end of March 1534 , however , Matthys 's swollen hubris brought him down .
Convinced at Easter time that God had ordered him and a few of the faithful to lift the Bishop 's siege and liberate the town , Matthys and a few others rushed out of the gates at the besieging army , and were literally hacked to pieces in response .
The death of Matthys left Münster in the hands of young Bockelson .
And if Matthys had chastised the people of Münster with whips , Bockelson would chastise them with scorpions .
Bockelson wasted little time in mourning his mentor .
He preached to the faithful : " God will give you another Prophet who will be more powerful . "
How could this young enthusiast top his master ?
Early in May , Bockelson caught the attention of the town by running naked through the streets in a frenzy , falling then into a silent three - day ecstasy .
When he rose on the third day , he announced to the entire populace a new dispensation that God had revealed to him .
With God at his elbow , Bockelson abolished the old town offices of Council and burgermaster , and installed a new ruling council of 12 elders headed by himself .
The elders were given total authority over the life and death , the property and spirit , of every inhabitant of Münster .
The old guilds were abolished , and a strict system of forced labor was imposed .
All artisans not drafted into the military were now public employees , working for the community for no monetary reward .
Totalitarianism in Münster was now complete .
Death was now the punishment for virtually every independent act .
Capital punishment was decreed for the high crimes of murder , theft , lying , avarice , and quarrelling .
Death was also decreed for every conceivable kind of insubordination : the young against the parents , wives against their husbands , and , of course , anyone at all against the chosen representative of God on earth , the government of Münster .
Bernt Knipperdollinck was appointed high executioner to enforce the decrees .
The only aspect of life previously left untouched was sex , and this deficiency was now made up .
The only sexual relation now permitted by the Bockelson regime was marriage between two Anabaptists .
Sex in any other form , including marriage with one of the " godless , " was a capital crime .
But soon Bockelson went beyond this rather old - fashioned credo , and decided to enforce compulsory polygamy in Münster .
Since many of the expellees had left their wives and daughters behind , Münster now had three times as many marriageable women as men , so that polygamy had become technically feasible .
Bockelson convinced the other , rather startled preachers by citing polygamy among the patriarchs of Israel , reinforcing this method of persuasion by threatening any dissenters with death .
Compulsory polygamy was a bit much for many of the Münsterites , who launched a rebellion in protest .
The rebellion , however , was quickly crushed and most of the rebels put to death .
And so , by August 1554 , polygamy had been coercively established in Münster .
As one might expect , young Bockelson took an instant liking to the new regime , and before long he had amassed a harem of 15 wives , including Divara , the beautiful young widow of Jan Matthys .
The rest of the male population also began to take enthusiastically to the new decree .
Many of the women reacted differently , however , and so the Elders passed a law ordering compulsory marriage for every woman under ( and presumably also over ) a certain age , which usually meant becoming a compulsory third or fourth wife .
Since marriage among the godless was not only invalid but also illegal , the wives of the expellees became fair game , and they were forced to " marry " good Anabaptists .
Refusal of the women to comply with the new law was punishable , of course , with death , and a number of women were actually executed as a result .
Those " old " wives who resented the new competitors in their households were also cracked down on , and their quarrelling was made a capital crime ; many women were thereupon executed for quarrelling .
Bockelsonian despotism could only reach so far , however , and general resistance forced the regime to relent and permit divorce .
In an about - face , not only was divorce now permitted , but all marriage was now outlawed totally , and divorce made very easy .
As a result , Münster now became a regime of what amounted to compulsory free love .
Thus , within the space of a few months , a rigid puritanism had been transmuted into a system of compulsory promiscuity .
Bockelson proved to be an excellent organizer of a besieged city .
Compulsory labor was strictly enforced , and he was also able to induce many of the Bishop 's poorly paid mercenaries to quit by offering them regular pay — with money , of course , that had been confiscated from the citizens of Münster .
When the Bishop fired pamphlets into the town offering a general amnesty in return for surrender , Bockelson made reading such pamphlets a crime punishable by death .
As a result , the Bishop 's armies were in disarray by the end of August , and the siege was temporarily lifted .
Jan Bockelson took the opportunity to triumphantly carry his " egalitarian " communist revolution one crucial step further : he had himself proclaimed king and messiah of the Last Days .
Bockelson realized that proclaiming himself king might have appeared tacky and unconvincing , even to the Bockelsonian faithful .
And so he arranged for one Dusentschur , a goldsmith from a nearby town and self - proclaimed prophet , to do the job for him .
At the beginning of September , Dusentschur announced to one and all a new revelation : that Jan Bockelson was to be the king of the whole world , the heir of King David , destined to keep that throne until God himself came to reclaim His Kingdom .
Unsurprisingly , Bockelson confirmed that he himself had had the very same revelation .
After a moment 's coyness , Bockelson accepted the Sword of Justice and anointment as King of the World from Dusentschur , and Bockelson announced to the crowd that God had now given him " power over all the nations of the earth , " and that anyone who might dare to resist God 's will " shall without delay be put to death with the sword . "
The Anabaptist preachers of Münster dutifully explained to their bemused flock that Bockelson was indeed the messiah as foretold in the Old Testament , and therefore the rightful ruler , both temporal and spiritual , of the entire world .
It often happens with self - proclaimed " egalitarians " that a special escape hatch from the drab uniformity of life is created — for themselves .
And so it was with King Bockelson .
It was important to emphasize in every way the importance of the messiah 's Advent .
And so Bockelson wore the finest robes , metals and jewelry ; he appointed courtiers and gentlemen - at - arms , who also appeared in splendid finery .
King Bockelson 's chief wife , Divara , was proclaimed Queen of the World , and she too was dressed in great finery and enjoyed a suite of courtiers and followers .
The new , luxurious court included two hundred people housed in fine , requisitioned mansions .
King Bockelson would hold court on a throne draped with a cloth of gold in the public square , wearing a crown and carrying a scepter .
Also garbed in finery were Bockelson 's loyal aides , including Knipperdollinck as chief minister , and Rothmann as royal orator .
If communism is the perfect society , somebody must be able to enjoy its fruits ; and who better than the messiah and his courtiers ?
Though private property in money was abolished , the confiscated gold and silver was now minted into ornamental coins in honor of the new king .
All horses were confiscated for the king 's armed squadron .
Names in revolutionary Münster were also transformed ; all the streets were renamed ; Sundays and feast days were abolished ; and all newborn children were named personally by the king in accordance with a special pattern .
In order that the king and his nobles might live in high luxury , the subject population were now robbed of everything above the bare minimum ; clothing and bedding were severely rationed , and all " surplus " turned over to King Bockelson on pain of death .
It is not surprising that the deluded masses of Münster began to grumble at being forced to live in abject poverty while King Bockelson and his courtiers lived in great luxury on the proceeds of their confiscated belongings .
Bockelson responded by beaming propaganda to justify the new system .
The justification was this : it was alright for Bockelson to live in pomp and luxury because he was already " dead " to the world and the flesh .
Since he was dead to the world , in a deep sense his luxury did n't count .
In the style of every guru who has ever lived in luxury among his poor , credulous followers , he explained that for him material objects had no value .
More importantly perhaps , Bockelson assured his subjects that he and his court were only the advance guard of the new order ; soon , they too would be living in the same millennial luxury .
Under their new order the people of Münster would soon forge outward , armed with God 's will , and conquer the entire world , exterminating the unrighteous , after which Jesus would return and they would live in luxury and perfection .
Equal communism with great luxury for all would then be achieved .
Greater dissent meant , of course , escalated terror , and King Bockelson 's reign of " love " and death intensified its course of intimidation and slaughter .
As soon as he proclaimed the monarchy , the prophet Dusentschur announced a new divine revelation : that all who persisted in disagreeing with or disobeying King Bockelson shall be put to death , and their very memory extirpated forever .
Many of the victims executed were women , who were killed for denying their husbands ' marital rights , insulting a preacher , or daring to practice polygyny — which was considered to be a solely male privilege .
The Bishop was beginning to resume his siege , but Bockelson was able to use much of the expropriated gold and silver to send apostles and pamphlets out to surrounding areas , attempting to rouse the masses to Anabaptist revolution .
The propaganda had considerable effect , leading to mass uprisings throughout Holland and northwestern Germany during January 1535 .
A thousand armed Anabaptists gathered under the leadership of someone who called himself Christ , Son of God .
And serious Anabaptist uprisings took place in West Frisia , in the town of Minden , and even the great city of Amsterdam , where the rebels managed to capture the town hall .
All these uprisings were eventually suppressed , with the help of betrayal of the names of the rebels and the location of their munitions dumps .
By this time , the princes of northwestern Europe had had enough ; and all the states of the Holy Roman Empire agreed to supply troops to crush the hellish regime at Münster .
By late January , Münster was totally and successfully blockaded and cut off from the outside world .
Food shortages appeared immediately , and the crisis was met by the Bockelson regime with characteristic vigor : all remaining food was confiscated , and all horses killed , for the benefit of feeding the king , his royal court , and his armed guards .
At all times throughout the siege the king and his court managed to eat and drink well , while famine and devastation swept through the town of Münster , and the masses ate literally anything , even inedible , they could lay their hands on .
King Bockelson maintained his rule by beaming continual propaganda and promises to the starving masses .
God would definitely save them by Easter , or else Bockelson would have himself burnt in the public square .
When Easter came and went , and no salvation had appeared , Bockelson craftily explained that he had meant only " spiritual " salvation , which had indeed occurred .
He then promised that God would change the cobblestones to bread , and this of course did not happen either .
Finally , Bockelson , long fascinated by the theater , ordered his starving subjects to engage in three days of dancing and athletics .
Dramatic performances were held , as well as a Black Mass .
The poor , starving people of Münster were now doomed totally .
The Bishop kept firing leaflets into the town promising a general amnesty if they would only depose King Bockelson and his court and hand them over to the princely forces .
To guard against this threat , Bockelson stepped up his reign of terror still further .
In early May , Bockelson divided the town into 12 sections , and placed a " duke " over each section with an armed force of 24 men .
The dukes were foreigners like himself , and as Dutch immigrants they would be more likely to be loyal to King Bockelson .
Each duke was strictly forbidden to leave his own section , and they , in turn , prohibited any meetings of even a few people .
No one was allowed to leave town , and anyone caught attempting or plotting to leave , helping anyone else to leave , or criticizing the king , was instantly beheaded — mainly by King Bockelson himself .
By mid-June such deeds were occurring daily , with the body often quartered in sections and nailed up as a warning to the Münster masses .
Bockelson would undoubtedly have let the entire population of the city starve to death rather than surrender ; but two escapees betrayed weak spots in the town 's defenses and on the night of June 24 , 1535 , the nightmare New Jerusalem of communism and " love " at last came to a bloody end .
The last several hundred Anabaptist fighters surrendered under an amnesty and were promptly massacred , and Queen Divara was beheaded .
As for King Bockelson , he was led about on a chain , and , the following January , he and Knipperdollinck were publicly tortured to death , and their bodies suspended in cages from a church tower .
The old establishment of Münster was duly restored and the city became Catholic once more .
The stars were again in their courses , and the events of 1534 –1535 understandably led to an abiding distrust of mysticism and enthusiast movements throughout Protestant Europe .
It is instructive to understand the attitude of all Marxist historians toward Münster and the other millennialist movements of the early 16th century .
The Marxists have always understandably lauded these movements and regimes , ( a ) for being communist , and ( b ) for being revolutionary movements from below .
Marxists have invariably hailed these movements as forerunners of their own .
Ideas are notoriously difficult to kill , and Anabaptist communism was one such idea .
One of Müntzer 's collaborators Henry Niclaes , who had been born in Münster , survived to found Familism , a pantheistic creed claiming that Man is God , and calling for the establishment of the Kingdom of God on Earth as the only place that it would ever exist .
A key to that kingdom would be a system in which all property would be held in common , and all men would attain the perfection of Christ .
Familist ideas were carried to England by a Dutch joiner , Christopher Vittels , a disciple of Niclaes , and Familism spread in England during the late 16th century .
A center of Familism in early 17th - century England was the Grindletonians , in Grindleton , Yorkshire , led , in the decade after 1615 , by the curate , the Rev. Roger Brearly .
Part of the attraction of Familism was its antinomianism — the view that truly godly persons , such as themselves , could never , by definition , commit a sin — and antinomians usually flaunted what most people considered sins in order to demonstrate to one and all their godly and sin-free status .
During the English Civil War of the 1640s and l650s many radical religious groups bubbled to the surface , including Gerrard Winstanley and the pantheist - communist Diggers noted above .
Featuring extreme antinomianism combined with pantheism and communism including communism of women , were the half - crazed Ranters , who urged everyone to sin so as to demonstrate their purity .
The Reappearance of Communism in the French Revolution
In times of trouble , war , and social upheaval , millennial and messianic sects have always appeared and burgeoned .
After the English Civil War subsided , millennialist and communist creeds vanished , only to appear again in force at the time of the French Revolution .
The difference was that now , for the first time , secular rather than religious communist movements appeared .
But the new secular communist prophets faced a grave problem :
What was their agency for social change ?
The agency acclaimed by the religious millennialists had always been God and his Providential Messiah or vanguard prophets and destined , apocalyptic tribulations .
But what could be the agency for a secular millennium and how could secular prophets drum up the necessary confidence in their foreordained triumph ?
The first secularized communists appeared as two isolated individuals in mid-18th - century France .
One was the aristocrat Gabriel Bonnot de Mably , elder brother of the laissez - faire liberal philosopher Etienne Bonnot de Condillac .
Mably 's major focus was to insist that all men are " perfectly " equal and uniform , one and the same everywhere .
As in the case of many other communists after him , Mably found himself forced to confront one of the greatest problems of communism : if all property is owned in common and every person is equal , then there can be little or no incentive to work .
For only the common store will benefit from anyone 's work and not the individual himself .
Mably in particular had to face this problem , since he also maintained that man 's natural and original state was communism , and that private property arose to spoil everything precisely out of the indolence of some who wished to live at the expense of others .
As Alexander Gray points out , " the indolence that ruined primitive communism would probably once again ruin communism , if reestablished . "
Mably 's two proposed solutions to this crucial problem were scarcely adequate .
One was to urge everyone to tighten their belts , to want less , to be content with Spartan austerity .
The other was to come up with what Che Guevara and Mao Tse - tung would later call " moral incentives " : to substitute for crass monetary rewards the recognition of one 's merits by one 's brothers — in the form of ribbons , medals , etc .
In his devastatingly witty and perceptive critique , Alexander Gray writes that
The idea that the world may find its driving force in a Birthday Honours List ( giving to the King , if necessary , 365 birthdays a year ) occurs with pathetic frequency in the more Utopian forms of socialist literature . …
But obviously , if any were wise or depraved enough to say that they preferred indolence to a ribbon ( and there would be many such ) they would have to be allowed to continue to lead idle lives , sponging on their neighbours ; perhaps some who had at last attained the ribbon might burst into a blaze of faineantise ( laziness ) in order that they might without distraction savour the pleasure which accompanies consideration .
Gray goes on to point out that the more " distinctions " are handed out as incentives , the less they will truly distinguish , and the less influence they will therefore exert .
Furthermore , Mably " does not say how or by whom his distinctions are to be conferred . "
Gray goes on :
it is assumed , and always is assumed , that there will be a universal and unquestioning belief that the fountain of honour has sprayed its refreshing waters on all the most deserving and on none but the most deserving .
This naively innocent faith does not exist in the world we know , nor is it likely to exist in any earthly paradise that many may imagine .
Gray concludes that in a communist society in the real world , many people who do n't receive honors may and probably will be disgruntled and resentful at the supposed injustice : " A general or a civil servant , kept waiting unduly in the queue for the Bath , may find his youthful ardour replaced by the sourness of hope deferred , and zeal may flag . " [ 31 ]
Thus , in his two preferred solutions , Gabriel de Mably was resting his hope on a miraculous transformation of human nature , much as the Marxists would later look for the advent of the New Socialist Man , willing to bend his desires and incentives to the requirements of , and the baubles conferred by , the collective .
But for all his devotion to communism , Mably was at the bottom a realist , and so he held out no hope for communist triumph .
Man is too steeped in the sin of selfishness and private property for a victory to occur .
Clearly , Mably had scarcely begun to solve the secularist problem of social change or to inspire the birth and flowering of a revolutionary communist movement .
If Mably 's pessimism was scarcely suitable for inspiring a movement , the same was not true of the other influential secular communist of mid-18th - century France , the unknown writer Morelly .
Though personally little known , Morelly 's La Code de la Nature , published in 1755 , was highly influential , going into five more editions by 1773 .
Morelly had no doubts about the workability of communism ; for him there was no problem of laziness or negative incentive , and therefore no need for the creation of a New Socialist Man .
To Morelly , man is everywhere good , altruistic , and dedicated to work ; only institutions are degrading and corrupt , specifically the institution of private property .
Abolish that , and man 's natural goodness would easily triumph .
( Query : where did these corrupt human institutions come from , if not from man ? )
Similarly , for Morelly , as for Marx and Lenin after him , the administration of the communist utopia would be absurdly easy as well .
Assigning to every person his task in life , and deciding what material goods and services would fulfill his needs , would apparently be a trivial problem for a Ministry of Labor or of Consumption .
For Morelly , all this is merely a matter of trivial enumeration , listing things and persons .
And yet , somehow things are not going to be that easy in the Morelly utopia .
While Mably the pessimist was apparently willing to leave society to the voluntary actions of individuals , the optimist Morelly was cheerfully prepared to employ brutally coercive methods to keep all of his " naturally good " citizens in line .
Morelly worked out an intricate design for his proposed ideal government and society , allegedly based on the evident dictates of natural law , and most of which was supposed to be changeless and eternal .
In particular , there was to be no private property , except for daily needs ; every person was to be maintained and employed by the collective .
Every man is to be forced to work , to contribute to the communal storehouse , according to his talents , and then will be assigned goods from these stores according to his presumed needs .
Marriages are to be compulsory , and children are to be brought up communally , and absolutely identically in food , clothing , and training .
Philosophic and religious doctrines are to be absolutely prescribed ; no differences are to be tolerated ; and children are not to be corrupted by any " fable , story , or ridiculous fictions . "
All trade or barter is to be forbidden by " inviolable law . "
All buildings are to be the same , and grouped in equal blocks ; all clothing is to be made out of the same fabric ( a proposal prophetic of Mao's China ) .
Occupations are to be limited and strictly assigned by the State .
Finally , the imposed laws are to be held sacred and inviolable , and anyone attempting to change them is to be isolated and incarcerated for life .
It should be clear that these utopias are debased , secularized versions of the visions of the Christian millennialists .
Not only is there no ordained agency of social change to achieve this end state , but they lack the glitter of messianic rule or glorification of God to disguise the fact that these utopias are static states , in which , as Gray puts it ,
Nothing ever happens ; no one ever disagrees with any one ; the government , whatever its form may be , is always so wisely guided that there may be room for gratitude but never for criticism .
Nothing happens , nothing can happen in any of them .
Gray concludes that even though , according to the utopian writers , " we are assured that never was there such a happy population … in fact no Utopia has ever been described in which any sane man would on any conditions consent to live , if he could possibly escape . " [ 32 ]
We must not think , however , that Christian communist millennialism had disappeared .
On the contrary , heretical Christian messianism was also revived in the stormy times of the middle and late 18th century .
Thus , the Swabian Pietist Johann Christoph Otinger , in the mid-18th century , prophesied a coming theocratic world - kingdom of saints , living communally , without rank or property , as members of a millennial Christian commonwealth .
Particularly influential among later German Pietists was the French mystic and theosophist Louis Claude de Saint - Martin , who in his influential Des Erreurs et la Verite ( 1773 ) portrayed an " inner church of the elect " allegedly existing since the dawn of history , which soon would take power in the coming age .
This " Martinist " theme was developed by the Rosicrucian movement , concentrated in Bavaria .
Originally alchemist mystics during the 17th and 18th centuries , the Bavarian Rosicrucians began to stress the coming to world power by the church of the Elect during the dawning millennial age .
The most influential Bavarian Rosicrucian author , Carl von Eckartshausen , expounded on this theme in two widely read works , Information on Magic ( 1788 –1792 ) and On Perfectibility ( 1797 ) .
In the latter work , he developed the idea that the inner church of the Elect had existed backward in time to Abraham and then went forward to a world government ruled by these keepers of the divine light .
The third and final Age of History , the Age of the Holy Spirit , was now at hand .
The illuminated Elect destined to rule the new , communal world order were , fairly obviously , the Rosicrucian Order , since the major evidence for the dawn of the Third Age being imminent was the rapid spread of Martinism and Rosicrucianism itself .
And these movements were indeed spreading during the 1780s and 1790s .
The Prussian King Frederick William II and a large portion of his court were converted to Rosicrucianism in the late 1780s , as was the Russian Czar Paul I a decade later , based on his reading of Saint - Martin and Eckartshausen , both of whom Paul considered to be transmitters of divine revelation .
Saint - Martin was also influential through his leadership of the Scottish Rite Masonry in Lyons , and was the major figure in what might be called the apocalyptic - Christian wing of the Masonic movement . [ 33 ]
The leading communist movement during the French Revolution , however , was secularized .
The ideas of Mably and Morelly could not hope to be embodied in reality in the absence of a concrete ideological movement , and the task of applying these ideas in movement form was seized by a young journalist and commissioner of land deeds in Picardy , Francois Noel ( " Caius Gracchus " )
Babeuf , who came to Paris at the age of 26 in 1790 , and imbibed the heady revolutionary atmosphere in that city .
By 1793 , Babeuf was committed to egalitarianism and communism ; two years later , he founded the secret Conspiracy of the Equals , a conspiratorial revolutionary organization dedicated to the achievement of communism .
The Conspiracy was organized around his new journal , The Tribune of the People .
The Tribune , in a prefigurement of Lenin's Iskra a century later , was used to set a coherent line for his cadre as well as for his public followers .
Babeuf 's Tribune " was the first journal in history to be the legal arm of an extralegal revolutionary conspiracy . " [ 34 ]
The ultimate ideal of Babeuf and his conspiracy was absolute equality .
Nature , they claimed , calls for perfect equality ; all inequality is injustice ; therefore community of property is to be established .
As the Conspiracy proclaimed emphatically in its Manifesto of Equals — by one of Babeuf 's top aides , Sylvain Marechal — " We demand real equality , or Death ; that is what we must have . "
" For its sake , " the Manifesto went on , " we are ready for anything ; we are willing to sweep everything away .
Let all the arts vanish , if necessary , as long as genuine equality remains for us . "
In the ideal communist society sought by the Conspiracy , private property would be abolished , and all property would be communal , and stored in communal storehouses .
From these storehouses , goods would be distributed " equitably " by the superiors — oddly enough , there would apparently be a cadre of " superiors " in this " equal " world !
There was to be universal compulsory labor , " serving the fatherland by useful labor . "
Teachers or scientists " must submit certifications of loyalty " to the superiors .
The Manifesto acknowledged that there would be an enormous expansion of government officials and bureaucrats in the communist world , inevitable where " the fatherland takes control of an individual from his birth till his death . "
There would be severe punishments consisting of forced labor against " persons of either sex who set society a bad example by absence of civic - mindedness , by idleness , a luxurious way of life , licentiousness . "
These punishments , described , as one historian notes , " lovingly and in great detail " [ 35 ] consisted of deportation to prison islands .
Freedom of speech and the press are treated as one might expect .
The press would not be allowed to " endanger the justice of equality " or to subject the Republic " to interminable and fatal discussions . "
Moreover , " No one will be allowed to utter views that are in direct contradiction to the sacred principles of equality and the sovereignty of the people . "
In point of fact , a work would only be allowed to appear in print " if the guardians of the will of the nation consider that its publication may benefit the Republic . "
All meals would be eaten in public in every commune , and there would , of course , be compulsory attendance imposed on all community members .
Furthermore , everyone could only obtain " his daily ration " in the district in which he lives ; the only exception would be " when he is traveling with the permission of the administration . "
All private entertainment would be " strictly forbidden , " lest " imagination , released from the supervision of a strict judge , should engender abominable vices contrary to the commonweal . "
And , as for religion , " all so - called revelation ought to be banned by law . "
Important as an influence on later Marxism - Leninism was not only the communist goal , but also Babeuf 's strategic theory and practice in the concrete organization of revolutionary activity .
The unequal , the Babouvists proclaimed , must be despoiled , the poor must rise up and sack the rich .
Above all , the French Revolution must be " completed " and redone ; there must be total upheaval ( bouleversement total ) , a total destruction of existing institutions so that a new and perfect world can be built from the rubble .
As Babeuf called out , at the conclusion of his own Plebeian Manifesto , " May everything return to chaos , and out of chaos may there emerge a new and regenerated world . " [ 36 ]
Indeed , the Plebian Manifesto , published slightly earlier than the Manifesto of Equals in November 1795 , was the first in a line of revolutionary manifestos that would reach a climax in Marx 's Communist Manifesto a half century later .
The two Manifestos , the Plebeian and the Equals , revealed an important difference between Babeuf and Marechal which might have caused a split had not the Equals been crushed soon afterward by police repression .
If you know me , like , at all , you ’ll know that I love the cold .
Funnily enough , most of my traditions — Egyptian and Aztec — are not known for cold climates , but colder region traditions , like Celtic , do n’t really appeal to me .
There is something oddly calming about an icy cold evening .
I find it possibly one of the most romantic images : an icy cold evening , watching a favourite movie with loved ones .
Or , being on the computer while it ’s icy cold , but you ’re all snugly warm under a blanket .
Canadian winters are divided into two parts : End -Of - Year Winter and New - Year Winter .
End of Year Winter is when everyone is talking about the upcoming holiday season ( more on that later ) .
This part of winter starts as early as mid-October , but usually goes into full swing the day after Halloween .
This shows off the romantic side of winter , with the snowmen and twinkly Christmas lights .
New Year Winter starts right after Christmas , usually on the 28th of December .
This is the time where winter is in full - swing , and everyone ( except for people like my friend Kristine ) are like “ Ugh ! Winter , go away ! ”
Of course , End - Of - Year Winter is much shorter .
I think this is hypocritical .
Winter is winter , and just because Christmas , Yule , Kwanza , Hanukah and a whole host of other holidays are in December , does n’t mean we should hate on the rest of winter .
I say , if you do n’t like winter , you should n’t like pre-Christmas winter .
Now , I like winter .
I like the cold , I think that snow is quite romantic ( unless it ’s that gross , muddy snow ) , and I love watching snow storms with those big giant flakes of snow .
I do n’t like ice , it scares me because I ’m petrified of falling .
Anyway , with winter fast approaching , what do you all think about winter ?
The public , these days , is cheering on a government that is repeating the mistakes of 1929 one by one .
It is thus necessary to outline the parallels between 1921 - 1933 and 2001 - 2008 :
The Inflationary Periods
1921 -1929 :
A sharp recession occurs during 1920 which liquidates the previous inflation from World War 1
The 1920s boom is kicked off : The Federal Reserve Bank , established in 1913 , inflates the money supply via credit expansion from July 1921 through December 1928 at an average annual rate of 7.7 % by printing money to purchase acceptances , commercial paper , government securities , silver certificates , and foreign bonds
Motivations of this inflationary policy were mostly : Facilitate speedy recovery of the 1920 recession Support for the government of Great Britain and German states and municipalities via foreign loans Support for export lobbyists in the US by making more US $ available to foreigners
The Dow Jones Industrial Average soars from 63.90 in 1921 to 381.17 in October 1929
President Coolidge , in office until March of 1929 , calls the American prosperity “ absolutely sound ” , stocks “ cheap at current prices ” ; secretary Treasury Mellon announces “ There is an abundant supply of easy money which should take care of any contingencies that might arise . ” ; both announce a “ new era ” of permanent prosperity ( Ralph W. Robey , “ The Capadores of Wall Street ” )
In October 1929 , a liquidation of unsound investments is kicked off by the crash of October 1929
2001 -2007 :
The Depression
1929 – 1933 :
In March of 1929 President Herbert Hoover takes office
In October 1929 , immediately after the crash , the Federal Reserve doubles its holdings of government securities , adding over $ 150 million in reserves , and discounts about $ 200 million for member banks , thus postponing necessary liquidations on the stock market and enabling NYC banks to take over brokers ’ loans which other non-banks would otherwise have liquidated
The money supply expands by nearly 10 % in one week
The Federal Reserve lowers the rediscount rate from 6 % at the time of the crash to 4.5 % by mid November
Secretary Treasury Mellon periodically assures the public that there is “ plenty of credit available ”
However , toward the end of 1929 all these measures prove futile and the money supply drops back to pre-crash levels
During November 1929
Hoover calls in White House conferences with industry leaders , getting them to pledge that wage rates will be maintained and not adjusted as lower prices for goods sold would mandate , thus postponing the necessary correction and prolonging the depression
On November 24th 1929 the Dept. of Commerce establishes a definite organization to join with the states in expanding public works programs
Hoover grants more subsidies to ship construction through the Federal Shipping Board
The Federal Farm Board In June 1929 , the Agricultural Marketing Act is passed , establishing the Federal Farm Board ( FFB ) , furnished with $ 500 million by the Treasury to make all - purpose loans to farm cooperatives at low interest rates and to establish price stabilization corporations with the objective to artificially keep up farm prices
On October 26th 1929 the newly established FFB launches a program to lend $ 150 million to wheat coops and establishes the Farmers ’ National Grain Corporation with $ 10 million capital ; as farm prices continue to fall , the Farmers ’
National itself begins to buy up wheat to keep up prices ; the inevitable fall of prices is thus postponed as farmers are encouraged to keep producing surpluses ; in 1930 prices continue to fall as the FFB keeps accumulating wheat surpluses
In spring of 1930 Hoover acquires from Congress an added $ 100 million in order for the FFB to continue lending and buying and establishes the Grain Stabilization Corporation ( GSC ) to replace Farmers ’ National and redouble price stabilization efforts
By June 30 1930 the GSC has accumulated over 65 million bushels of wheat held off the market ; prices continue to fall On November 15 , the GSC is authorized to purchase as much wheat as necessary to stop any further decline in wheat prices and buys up another 200 million bushels until mid 1931 ; prices continue to fall
The FFB finally decides to dump the excess stock abroad and prices fall even more drastically , the entire operation significantly postponed the necessary correction and prolonged the depression
By the end of the Hoover administration the FFB has incurred cotton and wheat losses of over $ 300 million
Other programs launched by the FFB that either failed in the same manner or proved impractical from the outset : Cotton Stabilization Corporation , National Wool Marketing Corporation , National Livestock Marketing Association , California Grape Control Board
July 3rd 1930 : Congress approves the expenditure of a giant $ 915 million public works program
Throughout 1930 the New York Federal Reserve lowers the rediscount rate from 4.5 % to 2 % ; the money supply remains stagnant
In mid 1930 the Smoot - Hawley Tariff is signed into law , raising import tariffs to record highs , and spreading protectionism all over the world – consumers and exporters suffer from the ensuing decline of international trade
October 1930 : Hoover threatens federal regulation of the New York Stock Exchange , unless it bans the practice of short - selling , which would speed up the market correction
By December 1930 factory employment has fallen by 16 % , manufacturing production by 20 %
Government expenses rise from 14.3 % of Gross Private Product ( GPP ) in 1929 to 18.2 % in 1930
May 1931 : The crisis spreads to Europe with the run on the Austrian Boden - Kredit Anstalt – the Bank of England , the Austrian government , Rothschild , the Bank of International Settlements , and the New York Fed grant millions of dollars to it
In 1931 unemployment in the United States rises to 16 %
Government expenses rise from 18.2 % of GPP in 1930 to 24.3 % in 1931
The Bacon - Davis act is passed in 1931 , requiring a maximum 8 hr work day and payment of at least a prevailing wage on public works projects , thus increasing unemployment
By fall of 1931 all agitation to preserve wage rates proves futile and wages begin to fall
In fall of 1931 Stock Exchange authorities restrict short selling , prolonging the necessary adjustment of prices
In 1931 , upon Hoover threatening Federal legislation , the largest US banks establish the National Credit Corporation which quickly moves to bail out failing banks , loaning $ 153 over a three month period , thus prolonging the misallocation of resources
In 1932 sales taxes are imposed on gasoline and other articles , new taxes are levied on bank checks , bond transfers , telephone , telegraph , and radio messages , income taxes are raised from a 1.5 % – 5 % range to a 4 % - 8 % range , the corporate income tax is raised from 12 % to 13.75 % , the gift tax of 33.33 % is reinstated
Government intrusion increases from 24.3 % of GPP in 1931 to 28.9 % in 1932
In January of 1932 Congress hurriedly establishes the Reconstruction Finance Corporation ( RFC ) , equipped with $ 500 million of taxpayer money , and empowered to issue further debentures of up to $ 1.5 billion
During the first 5 months of operation the RFC makes $ 1 billion worth of loans of which about 60 % are lent to banks , and 20 % to railroads whose securities are held by a lot of savings banks
In July 1932 the Emergency Relief and Construction Act increases the RFC ’s authorized capital from $ 2 billion to $ 3.8 billion
Governor Franklin D. Roosevelt of New York establishes the first governmental unemployment relief authority : the Temporary Emergency Relief Administration , equipped with $ 25 million ; other states quickly follow
In February 1932 the Glass - Steagall act is passed which greatly broadens the assets that the Federal Reserve Bank can purchase and permits it to use government bonds as collateral for its notes , in addition to commercial paper
Throughout 1932 , the Federal Reserve increases its reserves by another $ 660 million to $ 2.51 billion , an unprecedented increase in history ; the money supply keeps falling regardless , because commercial banks begin accumulating excess reserves ; excess reserves rise from 2.4 % in the first quarter of 1932 to 10.7 % in the second
In July of 1932 the Federal Home Loan Bank
Act establishes 12 district banks , equipped with $ 125 million of taxpayer money , and the authority to purchase mortgages at as low as 50 % of value
In the beginning of 1933 many states impose compulsory debt moratoria , debt liquidations are halted
In 1933 , bank failures rise to 4,000 from 1,453 in 1932
In 1933 , as a response to increasing bank runs , states impose bank holidays , allowing banks not to redeem deposits
In March 1933 Hoover leaves office ; as a result of his unprecedented government intervention , by now production has fallen by more than half from 1929 , unemployment is at 25 % , and GNP has fallen almost in half ; the country is in the depths of the Great Depression
President Roosevelt continues Hoovers failed New Deal policies of massive government intervention .
The US economy remains in a miserable state with above double digit unemployment until 1938 and with a horrible war lasting from then through 1945 during which people are forced to ration consumption and pay up to 90 % taxes .
The Depression comes to an end after WW2 when malinvestments are liquidated , taxes are but by 1/3 and government spending is cut by 2/
3
Bottom Line : A recession that was the correction of a boom caused by government intervention in the money and credit market , was prolonged and turned into a decade long depression , again due to government intervention as a result of an unwillingness to let the correction occur clean and quickly .
2007 – 2008 :
From 2000 - 2008 the percentage of government intrusion into the private sector increases steadily
Throughout 2007 and 2008 the Federal Reserve Bank lowers the federal funds rate from 5.25 % in September 2006 to 1 % by October 2008
Stock and Home Prices keep falling continuously
In December 2007 the Federal Reserve Bank introduces the Term Auction Facility ( TAF ) in order to purchase short term debt from troubled banks who need funds ; so far it has injected about $ 400 billion under this program
On January 11 , 2008 , Bank of America announces that it plans to purchase the troubled bank Countrywide Financial for $ 4.1 billion in stock
In March 2008 the Federal Reserve Bank of New York provides an emergency loan to the troubled bank Bear Stearns ; the measure proves useless and the bank is sold to JP Morgan Chase at $ 10 per share
In March 2008 the Federal Reserve announces that it will inject another $ 200 billion to battle the problems that banks are having with unsound investments
On September 7th 2008 the troubled semi-public banks Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac are taken over by the federal government ; the banks own or guarantee about half of the U.S. ’s $ 12 trillion mortgage market
In September 2008 the SEC imposes a temporary ban on short - selling
On September 16 2008 , creates an $ 85 billion credit facility in order to support the troubled insurer AIG at the cost to AIG of the issuance of a stock warrant to the the Federal Reserve Bank for 79.9 % of the equity of AIG
On October 3rd 2008 the Emergency Economic Stabilization
Act of 2008 establishes the Office of Financial Stability , equipped with up to $ 700 billion in order to buy worthless securities with the objective of stabilizing their prices , home prices continue to fall
So far , the combined total of all government actions taken in order to battle the depression have amounted up to $ 8 trillion – aggravating the crisis significantly
From November 07 to November 08 the Federal Reserve Bank more than doubles the amount of assets on its balance sheet by $ 1.2 trillion to now $ 2 trillion , but banks build up excess reserves and thus the effect on the money supply is minimal
As these lines are written the crisis spreads to the job market .
All across the country people are beginning to lose their jobs and production / consumption figures are beginning to slow down significantly ; due to the misguided government policy these numbers will , however , turn much worse as the crisis progresses
The new government , taking office in January 2009 will enact further measures of government intrusion , including public works programs , raise taxes , and increase the national debt , repeating the mistakes of the Great Depression
As things have played out so far 1929 has roughly resembled 2007 and 1930 has resembled 2008 ; 2009 , 2010 , and 2011 will most likely resemble 1931 , 1932 , and 1933
Related Posts :
This full - circle view from the panoramic camera ( Pancam ) on NASA 's Mars Exploration Rover Spirit shows the terrain surrounding the location called " Troy , " where Spirit became embedded in soft soil during the spring of 2009 .
NASA ?s Marsrover Spirit is suffering a new bout of amnesia , one that comes after months ofbeing stuck in deep Martian sand .
The6 - year - old rover ?s latestmemory lapse occurred Oct. 24 and came more than six months after a seriesof four other amnesia events earlier this year .
During the events , theplucky rover failed to record science observations in the part of its flashcomputer memory that stores information overnight when other systems arepowered down .
" Westill do n't have information about what causes these amnesia events , " saidrover project manager John Callas at NASA ?s Jet Propulsion Laboratory , Pasadena , Calif. , in an update .
In thelatest event , Spirit did not use its flash memory between Oct. 24 and Oct. 27 .
The rover does have an alternate memory system in which to store data , but mustbeam that information home to Earth before entering an overnight sleep period , mission managers said .
Callas saidengineers are weighing Spirit ?s amnesia problem to determine how it may affectday - to - day operations for the long term .
Aside from the memory glitch , the rover is in good health andcommunicating with Earth .
? If theyare intermittent and infrequent , they are a nuisance that would set us back aday or two when they occur .
If the condition becomes persistent or frequent , wewill need to go to an alternate strategy that avoids depending on flash memory , ?Callas said .
?
We would only get data collected the same day and any unsent datafrom an earlier day would be lost .
The total volume of data returned by therover is expected to be about the same . "
Meanwhile , the new memory lapses will likely further delay NASA ?s efforts to extricate Spiritfrom its Martian sand trap .
The rover has been mired in deep sand since April , unable to move .
Anindependent team of robotics experts is currently reviewing recent NASA teststhat used a ground - based version of Spirit to come up with escape plan for thestuck rover on Mars .
NASA has mounted a ?
Free Spirit ?
campaign to come up withways to free its beloved rover .
NASA launched Spirit and its robotictwin Opportunity in 2003 on a mission to explore Mars .
The rovers landed indifferent parts of the planet in January 2004 and spent more than five yearsroving across Mars and uncovering clues to the planet ?s watery past .
Whileengineers try to free Spirit , its robotic twin Opportunity is headed toward agiant Martian crater called Endeavour .
Earlier this month , Opportunity spotteda Martian meteorite dubbed Shelter Island on the heels of another spacerock find ?
called Block Island ? in September .
The rover used its onboardinstruments to study both meteorites .
Initiallybuilt for a 90 - day mission , the two rovers have received repeated lifeextensions .
Spirit is the older of the two rovers and has spent five years andnine months exploring Mars .
Tanti consigli per trovare le migliori idee regalo per la Festa dei nonni , per stupirli con qualcosa di speciale .
Continua
President Klaus is now expected to sign the treaty The Czech constitutional court has ruled that the Lisbon Treaty is in line with the constitution , clearing the way for President Vaclav Klaus to sign it .
The Czech Republic is the only EU member yet to ratify the treaty , and the decision removes the penultimate hurdle to its passage .
The Eurosceptic Mr Klaus , who was awaiting the court 's decision , has said he will not further oppose the treaty .
The treaty was drawn up to streamline decision - making in the 27 - member body .
Its supporters say it will allow the bloc to operate more efficiently and give it greater influence in world affairs .
Critics say it will cede too many national powers to Brussels .
' No obstacle ' If Mr Klaus signs , that will pave the way for the treaty to come into effect throughout the EU as early as 1 December .
" The Treaty of Lisbon should now enter into force by the end of the year , " said European Parliament President Jerzy Buzek .
The Czech president has been seen as the last major obstacle to the passage of the treaty , but he has recently appeared satisfied with a promised opt - out from the EU's Charter of Fundamental Rights .
LISBON TREATY
Creates new post of EU president ( President of European Council )
New post of high representative for foreign affairs
More decisions by majority vote rather than unanimity Ratified by all member states except Czech Republic Only Irish Republic held referendum on it - twice ( ' Yes ' vote second time )
Took a decade of negotiations
Was intended to take effect in January 2009
Q&A : The Lisbon Treaty UK opposition leader ' disappointed '
Mr Klaus has said the opt - out was essential to avoid property claims from ethnic Germans , 2.5 million of whom were expelled from Czechoslovakia after World War II .
The BBC's Rob Cameron in Prague says no - one knows when Mr Klaus might sign the document , though it looks like he will have no reason not to .
The Czech constitutional court had been considering a case brought by 17 Eurosceptic senators who said the treaty would create a super - state , and as such would infringe Czech sovereignty .
Following the court 's ruling on Tuesday , Czech Prime Minister Jan Fischer said he was satisfied with the verdict , adding that there was now " no obstacle to the ratification " .
The Lisbon Treaty replaced an earlier draft constitution , which was rejected in referendums in France and the Netherlands in 2005 .
It would create the post of a new European Council president who would serve a term of two - and - a - half years .
It also provides for a new foreign policy chief , combining the posts of the existing foreign affairs representative and the external affairs commissioner .
European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso said he hoped the EU could move " as quickly as possible " to make appointments to the new posts following the Czech court 's ruling .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Personal service .
Competitive fees .
When you need to work with a lawyer about important personal issues such as estate planning , elder law , or an unpaid tax debt , you want your case addressed by a professional in a cost - effective and efficient manner .
When you enter the Williamsburg law office of Paul S. Ward , you will deal directly with your lawyer .
Why go to a large firm where your case will get passed to a paralegal or legal assistant ?
Paul S. Ward is ready to answer your questions and explain your options directly on elder law issues , tax planning , and business formation .
A CELA and a CPA
With more than 25 years of legal experience as an attorney , Paul S. Ward focuses his practice on taxation , estate planning and elder law .
The National Elder Foundation has certified Mr. Ward as an elder law attorney ( CELA ) .
In addition to his legal credentials , Paul S. Ward is a certified public accountant ( CPA ) .
He understands the needs of his individual and business clients and how to get the best possible results in a variety of focused legal areas .
Mr. Ward assists clients in planning their estates and trusts and their representatives in administering them .
He offers comprehensive basic and advanced estate planning , including wills , living trusts , irrevocable trusts , powers of attorney and health care directives .
He practices regularly in probate courts throughout Hampton Roads .
For more information about Mr. Ward ’s legal services , please call 757-378-3537 to schedule a consultation .
Providing a Wide Range of Legal Services
Elder Law
Paul S. Ward helps people protect their rights as they grow older and has extensive experience in the growing specialized area of elder law .
From Medicaid planning and issues of guardianship to tax law and special needs trusts , he can help .
Many Americans end up depending on Medicaid benefits to pay for long - term care .
Mr. Ward has extensive experience in planning for Medicaid , using federal and Virginia laws with a goal of caring for you or your loved ones while legally preserving assets for you , your spouse and your family .
The National Elder Law Foundation has certified Mr. Ward as an certified elder law attorney ( CELA ) , a professional designation achieved by relatively few elder law attorneys .
Tax Return Preparation , Tax Lien , Levy and Offer in Compromise Resolution , IRS Appeals and US Tax Court Litigation
Paul S. Ward understands the challenges that come with tax debt .
As a certified public accountant and member of the U.S. Tax Court Bar , Mr. Ward offers tax services to clients that include tax return preparation and representation before the Internal Revenue Service , Virginia Department of Taxation , and United States Tax Court .
Mr. Ward ’s services in the tax area are broad and include , but are not limited to : offers in compromise , tax dispute resolution , and comprehensive tax planning .
He helps people deal with tax liens and tax levies .
He prepares a variety of tax returns , including individual ( 1040 ) , corporate ( 1120 and 1120S ) , partnership ( 1065 ) and fiduciary ( 1041 ) returns .
He can counsel clients on a variety of tax issues .
Business Formation and Business Law
From initial business formation to business succession planning , Paul S. Ward can assist you with your business ’s legal needs .
He can explain the legal and tax consequences of different business entities such as corporations , limited liability companies ( LLCs ) , partnerships , and sole proprietorships .
He has extensive experience preparing and filing articles of incorporation , LLC articles of organization , corporate by - laws , LLC operating agreements and corporate minutes .
The history of science is replete with examples , from plate tectonics to prions , of heretical ideas that received a poor reception from the scientific establishment when they were first proposed .
The apparent resistance to new ideas has earned scientists a fair bit of criticism .
But some recent publications have indicated both that it is possible for fringe ideas to get a hearing from mainstream science , and that their proponents may end up wishing they did n't .
Fringe ideas that go against mainstream scientific thought are effectively a constant in most areas of science , and there are a number of examples where the ideas have moved from the fringes to the mainstream .
The classic example here is Alfred Wegener , who is celebrated for his development of the ideas we now know as plate tectonics , a phenomenally successful scientific theory .
At the time , however , his ideas were ridiculed .
" Reaction to Wegener 's theory was almost uniformly hostile , and often exceptionally harsh and scathing , " as the Berkeley site notes .
Many have used that as a cautionary tale , a warning that the conservatism of the scientific community might interfere with achieving its goal of understanding the natural world .
But , as we noted , fringe ideas , often dozens of them for every successful area of science , are a constant .
Inevitably , the majority of them will necessarily wind up being not only wrong , but uselessly so .
This forces the scientific community into a balancing act ; in the words of Richard Feynman , scientists have to " Keep an open mind , but not so open that your brain falls out . "
From open minds to falling brains
But , despite the ostensible conservatism of the scientific community , it 's pretty shocking how often ideas from the fringes wind up getting published .
A great example of this is last week 's publication of a paper that discussed attempts to use Newtonian mechanics to explain a Universe that , as most scientists have concluded , is driven by relativity and dark matter .
MOND theories , as the neo -Newtonian ideas are termed , is definitely on the fringes of mainstream thought , given that they can't explain a wealth of observations that are consistent with dark matter , and do n't currently handle relativistic effects very well ( and we know that relativity works with everything from black hole binaries to GPS satellites ) .
Still , people continue to do work on MOND ( and continue to get published ) , in part because , relativity 's accuracy notwithstanding , we do n't currently have a satisfying theory of gravity .
And the people working on MOND theories at least seem to be making a serious attempt to come to grips with real - world data .
But it 's possible to go further on the fringes ( and rack up a higher crackpot index score ) without leaving the scientific literature .
A paper was recently published by the Proceedings of the National Academies of Science that was so far out on the fringes , we labeled it Weird Science .
Its author , Donald I. Williamson , argued that separate larval and adult stages of insects did n't arise due to different selective pressures during these stages ; instead , he suggests the modern species are the product of the hybridization of a velvet worm ( the caterpillar ) and a flying insect ( the butterfly ) .
The idea is at least vaguely scientific in the sense that the paper was able to make some testable predictions .
As we mentioned at the time , however , there was enough data to indicate it was wrong right from the start .
And , in fact , a follow up paper has already been published showing that some of the predictions made in the original publication could be tested — and shown to be false — using public databases of biological information .
In fact , the authors of the second paper have apparently been publishing papers showing that Williamson 's hybridization ideas are incompatible with data for a few decades , apparently without making much of an impression on Williamson .
All this seems to suggest that this is a case where Williamson has abandoned the scientific fringes and simply stopped paying attention to reality .
Ignoring reality is a remarkably frequent problem as one heads deeper into the fringes .
For example , there 's a retired geologist named Nils Axel M�rner who apparently thinks , despite copious evidence to the contrary , that ocean levels are n't rising in any significant way .
Similarly , Peter Duesberg attempted to raise doubts about the HIV / AIDS connection by claiming that HIV did not satisfy Koch 's postulates .
In doing so , he completely ignored that there are exceptions to these postulates , like asymptomatic disease carriers , that were recognized by Koch himself .
Heretics and public perception
Fringe ideas do play an essential role in science ; they bring new ideas and perspectives to unsolved problems and , in rare cases , end up finding a permanent home in the mainstream .
But it 's important to remember that there will always be far more fringe ideas than there will ever be space in the mainstream .
By necessity , the majority of heretical ideas will be wrong , and most of them wo n't ever be useful in their failure .
If the scientific community reacts as if new ideas are probably wrong , it 's because they are .
This negative response is exacerbated by the fact that a lot of people on the fringes wind up being crackpots , unconstrained by either the scientific method or reality .
All of that is important to recognize , because fringe ideas seem to have a lasting popularity with the public .
There 's a certain appeal to the narrative of the lone genius bucking the system that resonates , even within the scientific community .
And , in many cases , the fringe ideas are popular outside of the scientific community because the public is n't comfortable with mainstream scientific thought for social ( evolution ) or political ( climate change ) reasons — or simply because they can't come to grips with the strange worlds of relativity and quantum mechanics .
You can see this in the discussion of the recent MOND article , where , for every person who discussed the copious data that has led most scientists to conclude there must be dark matter , you 'd find someone voicing the nagging suspicion that it's all little more than an accounting trick .
Still , the MOND work provides a useful guide to the sort of fringe science that should be accorded some respect .
Even if their models perform poorly when confronted with real - world data ( especially when compared with alternatives ) the people working in the area are at least trying to revise their ideas to come to grips with reality .
In contrast , Williamson appears to maintain his ideas despite repeated intrusions by reality .
( CNN ) --
It 's prone to cause drama in the online world .
And , according to the New Oxford American Dictionary , it 's the word of the year .
" Unfriend " beat out a tech - heavy field that included " netbook , " " hashtag " and " sexting " to take the annual honor .
" It has both currency and potential longevity , " said Christine Lindberg , a language researcher for Oxford 's U.S. dictionary program .
" In the online social networking context , its meaning is understood , so its adoption as a modern verb form makes this an interesting choice for Word of the Year . "
Oxford defines " unfriend , " a verb , thusly : " To remove someone as a ' friend ' on a social networking site such as Facebook . "
Every year , Oxford tracks how the English language is changing .
Researchers debate the merits of newly birthed terms and choose their word of the year " to reflect the ethos of the year and its lasting potential as a word of cultural significance and use . "
A hashtag is the symbol ( # ) used on Twitter posts to allow them to be found more easily by other users , a netbook is a small portable laptop , and " sexting " is the act of sending sexually explicit texts or photos on a mobile phone .
Other tech - related finalists this year were " paywall , " a way of blocking parts of a Web site to all but paying customers , and " intexicated , " the state of being distracted while driving because of sending a text message .
The economy provided " zombie bank , " a financial institution still operating even though its liabilities are greater than its assets , and politics brought us " birther , " which Oxford describes as " a conspiracy theorist who challenges President Obama 's U.S. birth certificate . "
On blogs Tuesday , debate about the decision was ongoing .
Chief among the issues of dispute : whether " unfriend " or " defriend " was the proper word for weeding someone from one 's online circle .
" Frustrated that ' unfriend ' is the word of the year .
It 's definitely ' defriend ' when referencing Facebook , " one Twitter user wrote , adding the hashtag #dictionaryfail .
Others defended the choice : " ' Defriend ' makes me think of ' defoliate ' and , well , I dunno , it sounds weird , " one wrote .
Oxford spokesman Christian Purdy said researchers found that " unfriend " was more commonly used .
Facebook spokeswoman Meredith Chin said that , both internally and on the site , Facebook uses several terms for the act of removing a friend .
She said site managers now are considering making " unfriend " the official term .
" Overall , we 're thrilled that the idea of people connecting , or even unconnecting , with each other on sites like Facebook has officially become part of the lexicon , " she said .
For the past few years , Oxford and other dictionaries that pick words of the year have leaned heavily on the digital world .
In 2004 , Merriam - Webster kicked off the trend by adding " blog " to its lexicon .
The Webster 's New World Dictionary went with " overshare " last year , inspired in part by the habit of spewing too much personal information on social networking sites and blogs .
With gas prices spiking , Oxford 's word last year was " hypermiling , " the act of conserving gasoline by making fuel - saving changes to one 's automobile and driving habits .
JRuby 1.4.0 is now available ( JRuby 1.4 download links ) .
InfoQ covered the changes and new features in JRuby 1.4 release candidates which were already nearly feature complete .
One addition late in the release cycle was a native launcher for JRuby on Windows .
Vladimir Sizikov explains the native launchers advantages over the old . bat file based launcher :
I ’ve been fixing some JRuby BAT launcher script errors recently , and it was tricky , as always : as soon as you fix one issue with the way the BAT file parses parameters , a new one pops up ( and a couple of regressions on top of that ) .
Spaces , brackets , quotes , & and ^ signs , you name it .
We ’ve been playing this game for years now , and every time it just gets uglier and uglier . [..]
[ T ]he JRuby native launcher for Windows [..] has nice Java detection , an ability to launch Java in - process ( so in the Task Manager one can see jruby .
exe process , not just java.exe ) , it handles most of JRuby command line arguments already , it allows to pass parameters to the JVM when needed ( via – J switch , like we always did ) , and it can handle spaces and brackets in the path , etc .
Vladimir also mentions the proper way to check for the OS version Ruby runs on :
require ‘ rbconfig ’ WINDOZE = Config:: CONFIG[‘ host_os ’ ] =~ /mswin|mingw /
Vladimir 's blog post contains more details and the reasons why this is preferable .
Finally , Nick Sieger announces a new version of _why 's Hpricot , a popular library for accessing HTML / XML .
Hpricot 0.8.2 is available from Rubyforge .
The new version addresses long standing issues ( JRUBY - 3732 explains the history ) and makes Hpricot work on JRuby again .
For some time now it has seemed to me that Google IS the Internet , and once the Internet is my life , Google IS my life .
Does n’t it also look scary when Google goes offline and you start noticing its traces in real life ?
OK , maybe this only scares me , for most people it should seem amusing , so let ’s have some fun for a change :
Google Adwords
It ’s kid of amusing to see Google ads on the wall :
Source
Advertisement Continue Reading Below
Google Image Search Interior Design
I ’d love to work in a room like this one – but probably instead of image search , I ’d like my most successful general SERPs to be there :
Source
Source
Source
The world via Google Images
Google Answers
A creative project by Italian artist Filippo Minelli shows us the world where everything is powered by Google .
Source
Advertisement Continue Reading Below
Or , really ?
Source
Real - life Google maps marker
Life - sized Google Map markers are planted around various spots of the world as part of the Google ’s campaign that promotes the use of Google Maps .
Source
Source
Source
Offline Youtube video
Source
Advertisement Continue Reading Below
Google street view imitation
Source
Google Street Art
Source
Google Lies
Source
Google
This :
Source
Source
Google Me
http://img3.visualizeus.com/thumbs/09/10/03/love,johnny,depp,quotes,poetry,english,johnny,dep-82a8106df5c223a32e94c5dd344d0441_h.jpg
© Copyright : All Rights Reserved by the author .
Check original source for more information .
As Paleoclimatologist Jack Hall is in Antartica , he discovers that a huge ice sheet has sheared off .
But what he does not know is that this event will trigger a massive climate shift that will affect the world population .
Meanwhile , his son Sam is with friends in New York City to attend an event .
There , they discover that it has been raining non-stop for the past three days , and after a series of weather - related disasters begin to occur all over the world , everybody realizes the world is about to enter a new Ice Age and the world population begins trying to evacuate to the warmer climates of the south .
Jack makes a daring attempt to rescue his son and his friends who are stuck in New York City and who have managed to survive not only a massive wave but also freezing cold temperatures that could possibly kill them .
Written by John Wiggins
Only a few hours left to Double your gift
Cross-posted from the Wonk Room .
Thursday , 14 Democratic senators affirmed their allegiance to the profits of polluting industry at the expense of the health and jobs of their constituents .
In a letter to Senate leaders , a bloc of senators with powerful coal interests in their states called for “ fair emissions allowances in climate change legislation . ”
Their definition of “ fair , ” unfortunately , turns out to be full taxpayer subsidies for global warming polluters .
They call for the free allocation of pollution permits to electric utilities to be distributed “ fully based on emissions “ :
We urge you to ensure that emission allowances allocated to the electricity sector — and thus , electricity consumers — be fully based on emissions as the appropriate and equitable way to provide transition assistance in a greenhouse gas - regulated economy .
The signatories on the letter defending coal - heavy polluters are Senators Tom Harkin ( D - Iowa ) , Al Franken ( D - Minn . ) , Roland Burris ( D - Ill. ) , Byron Dorgan ( D - N.D. ) , Herb Kohl ( D - Wis. ) , Russell Feingold ( D - Wis. ) , Kent Conrad ( D - N.D. ) , Michael Bennet ( D - Colo . ) , Amy Klobuchar ( D - Minn. ) , Mark Udall ( D - Colo ) , Robert Byrd ( D - W.Va . ) , Carl Levin ( D - Mich . ) , Debbie Stabenow ( D - Mich . ) , and Sherrod Brown ( D - Ohio ) .
Their demand is a basic violation of a core principle of environmental economics — that companies should pay based on their pollution .
The transition - period formula in the House bill , Waxman - Markey , and the current Senate legislation , Kerry - Boxer , at least distributes the free permits based 50 percent on electricity production .
This formula was negotiated with the U.S. Climate Action Partnership and has received the endorsement of the Edison Electric Institute , the largest lobbying organization for the nation ’s utilities .
In contrast , President Obama called for a full auction of pollution permits to avoid rewarding polluters at the taxpayers ’ expense , instead dedicating the revenues to creating jobs , lowering taxes on the middle class , and building a clean energy economy .
The argument that the most “ fair and effective , ” “ appropriate and equitable ” way to help the constituents of their states is to increase subsidies to coal - powered utilities is frankly absurd .
Read the letter :
November 12 , 2009 Dear Senators Reid , Boxer , Baucus , and Kerry ,
As the Senate formulates and debates energy and climate change legislation , it is clear that revamping our energy systems with alternative energy resources and technologies will be fundamental to our strategy for achieving energy security and reducing greenhouse gas emissions .
A transition of this magnitude will take years to accomplish and will incorporate major changes to the way we produce and use energy .
Both the House - passed “ American Clean Energy and Security Act ” ( H.R. 2454 ) and the recently introduced “ Clean Energy Jobs and American Power Act ” ( S. 1733 ) recognize the importance of helping individuals and firms by alleviating potential financial impacts as this transition takes place .
This assistance , in the form of the allocation of greenhouse gas emission allowances , is an important tool for protecting consumers and businesses as we move to adopt new energy systems and decrease greenhouse gas emissions .
To be fair and effective , any legislation must equitably allocate these allowances to individuals and across states and regions and economic sectors .
The House bill falls short of that equitable distribution goal with its formula for allocating allowances to local distribution companies based 50 percent on emissions and 50 percent on sales .
Unfortunately , the Senate bill currently under consideration includes the same 50/50 allocation provision .
Under the proposed 50 /50 formula , utilities that are more coal dependent will need to purchase even more allowances than they would have if all allowances were allocated based on emissions , and those higher costs will be passed on to their customers .
Meanwhile , many utilities with relatively lesser emissions will receive sufficient allowances to completely cover their initial requirements .
Thus , their customers will experience no price increases resulting from the legislation .
We believe it is essential that we strive to formulate legislation that equitably distributes transition assistance across individuals , as well as states and regions and economic sectors .
We urge you to ensure that emission allowances allocated to the electricity sector — and thus , electricity consumers — be fully based on emissions as the appropriate and equitable way to provide transition assistance in a greenhouse gas - regulated economy .
We thank you for your efforts to build consensus on the critical issue of energy and climate legislation .
The change we recommend would contribute to a more balanced and equitable bill for the Senate ’s consideration , and a better strategy for America .
Sincerely , Senator Tom Harkin Senator Al Franken Senator Roland Burris Senator Byron Dorgan Senator Herb Kohl Senator Russell Feingold Senator Kent Conrad Senator Michael Bennet Senator Amy Klobuchar Senator Mark Udall Senator Robert Byrd Senator Cark Levin Senator Debbie Stabenow Senator Sherrod Brown
“ Ben Bernanke turns out to have better political instincts than anybody thought , ” Mr. Frank said in an interview last week .
“ They accept the fact that I know what I ’m doing up here . ”
On one front , the Fed faces populist anger from both left - wing Democrats and right - wing Republicans about its power and secrecy .
At the same time , officials are locked in brutal but arcane battles about who should oversee Wall Street and big banks as Congress tries to pass a sweeping overhaul of financial regulation .
Last summer , the central bank hired an experienced Democratic hand and former lobbyist , Linda Robertson , to help deal with members of Congress .
Mr. Bernanke alone has met privately with about 40 senators and many House members in the last few months , sometimes to dissect arcane policy issues and sometimes just to explain what he does in plain English .
At one recent meeting , Senator Sherrod Brown challenged Mr. Bernanke ’s bona fides as a regular guy by giving him a pop quiz on baseball statistics .
Mr. Bernanke , a passionate fan , passed .
Mindful that Democrats now control the White House and Congress , Mr. Bernanke put up virtually no opposition to President Obama ’s proposal for a new consumer agency that would take over the Fed ’s authority over consumer lending issues .
Similarly , he avoided a bruising turf battle by agreeing that the Fed would share responsibility with other regulators to monitor systemic financial risk .
But Fed officials have been steely in protecting their two top priorities : the Fed ’s political independence on monetary policy and the Fed ’s role as undisputed overseer of financial institutions deemed “ too big to fail . ”
Image Representative Barney Frank , left , said of Ben S. Bernanke , the Fed chairman , right : “ Ben Bernanke turns out to have better political instincts than anybody thought . ”
Credit ... Andrew Harrer / Bloomberg News
Mr. Bernanke took over the Fed nearly four years ago with less political experience than his predecessor , Alan Greenspan .
And because he was forced to bail out companies and credit markets in such visible ways , Mr. Bernanke has enjoyed little of the mystique and distance that Mr. Greenspan used to his advantage .
Resisting persuasion
Techniques >
Resisting persuasion
Being persuaded is something that happens to all of us at various times .
The problem is that many of us later regret having been taken in and wish we were more skilled at resisting the smooth talk of others .
For you , here are a set of techniques that can be used to slow down the proceedings and hold your own ( and for persuaders , these are just a few of the things you may face ) .
See also
Rules for respondents , Objection - handling , Resistance to change , Defensive body language , Questioning , Fallacies , Coping Mechanisms , Theories about resistance , Excusing
The new Sea Shepherd trimaran Ady Gil has docked in Hobart for maintenance ahead of its anti-whaling mission in the Southern Ocean .
The trimaran leaves on Monday to join Sea Shepherd 's flag ship Steve Irwin in the Antarctic .
Captain Pete Bethune says the Ady Gil looks similar to a spaceship and is well designed to keep pace with Japanese whaling vessels .
" It holds the record for a powerboat to circle the globe , 60 days all around the world , " he said .
" It 's a wave piercing boat , its got a very fine bow and a lot of weight in the bow from fuel and when you hit a wave it just punches through rather than riding over the top like a normal boat , extremely efficient vessel we can travel half way around the globe on a tank of fuel .
" It just gives Sea Shepherd another tactical option .
The Steve Irwin - their main vessel - is relatively slow and it's unable to keep up with the harpooners whereas this vessel will do up to 40 knots .
" So it 's well fast enough to keep up with all of the whaling vessels that are down there . "
Captain Bethune says some modifications have been made to the Ady Gil .
" We 've added about half a tonne of Kevlar onto the hull to toughen it so it makes it not fully ice proof but it does make it a lot more resilient against ice , " he said .
" We 've got a special paint that deflects radar signals so it makes it makes it very hard for radar systems to pick us up and a few other things I can't tell you about . "
Epigraph
The actors by their presence always convince me , to my horror , that most of what I 've written about them until now is false .
It is false because I write about them with steadfast love ( even now , while I write it down , this , too , becomes false ) but varying ability , and this varying ability does not hit off the real actors loudly and correctly but loses itself dully in this love that will never be satisfied with the ability and therefore thinks it is protecting the actors by preventing this ability from exercising itself .
It is ( to describe it figuratively ) as if an author were to make a slip of the pen , and as if this clerical error became conscious of being such .
Perhaps this was no error but in a far higher sense was an essential part of the whole exposition .
It is , then , as if this clerical error were to revolt against the author , out of hatred for Iron , were to forbid him to correct it , and were to say , ' No , I will not be erased , I will stand as a witness against thee , that thou art a very poor writer . '
On the day his company entered bankruptcy protection , president and chief executive officer Leonard Asper insisted that CanWest Global Communications Corp. still has a bright future .
" This is a difficult day in some ways .
In others , it 's a good day .
It 's the end of the uncertainty .
We have a renewed financial outlook for this company with the elimination of a large chunk of our debt , " Asper said in an interview .
" I 'm optimistic that we 're going to have a great future as a company . "
But other observers said the court filing , which came after months of speculation about its massive debt load , said to near $ 4 billion , and missed interest payments to bond holders , marks the end of the media empire that Asper 's late father , Izzy , spent 25 years building .
" I do n't worry about empires , " Asper said .
" I 'm the CEO and I have a job to do , which is to steer the company through the restructuring . "
The Winnipeg - based broadcaster and publisher said it intends to complete the overhaul of its balance sheet in four to six months .
In the meantime , it will continue to operate under federal bankruptcy protection law , the Companies ' Creditors Arrangement Act .
" Most importantly in all of this is that for you , your salary , benefits and pension remain the same , your reporting and the management of your operation also remains the same , " Asper wrote in a memo to CanWest employees .
" We have worked to ensure that our financial restructuring plan minimizes – to the extent possible – the disruption to you and the operations . "
The bankruptcy protection applies to the National Post Co. and CanWest Television LP , which holds Global Television , MovieTime , DejaView and Fox Sports World .
It does not include the specialty TV channels CanWest bought from Alliance Atlantis in 2007 , including the Food Network and HGTV Canada , nor does it affect dailies such as the Ottawa Citizen and Vancouver Sun .
But the sense of uncertainty lingered .
" None of our members are affected by the CCAA but to be fair , CanWest is n't finished because they still have to deal with this newspaper division , " said Arnold Amber , spokesperson for the Communications Workers of America , which represents about 800 employees at CanWest .
The union worries that CanWest may sell its profitable newspapers , or seek concessions from workers to cut costs .
" Our position is we 're prepared to talk with them , but we 're not prepared to just willy - nilly take on some of their problems without a complete understanding of what the newspaper division is going to look like going forward , " Amber said .
Court filings reveal the National Post will be transferred into newspaper division CanWest LP .
Asper declined to say whether a sale is imminent .
" We are in a discussion process there with the lenders but it 's really too early to say in what direction that 's going to go . "
During the restructuring , CanWest will have access to about $ 65 million in cash , as well as debtor - in - possession financing of up to $ 100 million that will help the company meet day - to - day cash flow needs .
A small group of bondholders would receive common shares of the restructured CanWest , and current shareholders would own just 2.3 per cent of the new company .
Asper and other members of CanWest 's founding family have agreed to invest up to $ 15 million in the restructured company , which would also need at least $ 65 million in new equity financing .
CanWest did n't say how much voting control or operational involvement the Aspers would have after the restructuring .
The company will seek creditor approval for the restructuring deal at a meeting later this year .
The CRTC , , the Toronto Stock Exchange , and the court must also approve it .
" The creditor protection clearly signifies that the capital structure was inappropriate for the company , " said Chris Diceman , a senior vice - president at credit rating agency DBRS .
The TSX has placed CanWest 's stock , which last traded at 19 cents , under review for possible delisting .
In a costly $ 3.2 billion deal in 2000 , Canwest bought metropolitan daily newspapers across the country – one in almost every major city – from Conrad Black 's Hollinger International Inc. , creating a national newspaper chain .
The court filings show that as the recession took hold late last year , it put CanWest 's finances in a bind .
Gross revenues slid by 7 per cent in the nine months ended May 31 , as advertising declined .
Cash flows fell into negative territory .
CanWest recently sold its majority stake in Australian broadcaster Ten Network Holdings to show lenders it 's reworking its operations .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Christopher Waddell , director of Carleton University 's journalism school , said a breakup of CanWest is possible , considering bondholders likely prefer cash over assets .
However , " this is n't a great time for selling media properties .
No one would give you a very high valuation on them , so you are likely not to get as much money as you might like for them , " Waddell said .
But this might not be bad for Canadian journalism , he added , since the result may be a return to locally owned newspapers .
" There are a lot of arguments for why that would be a good thing for the media ... for competition and everyone else . "
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
Alan Johnson , the home secretary , has sacked Professor David Nutt as senior drugs adviser after the scientist renewed his criticism of the government 's decision to toughen the law on cannabis .
Johnson wrote to Nutt saying he no longer had confidence in him as chairman of the Advisory Committee on the Misuse of Drugs ( ACMD ) and asking him to consider his position .
Nutt had accused ministers of " devaluing and distorting " the scientific evidence over illicit drugs by their decision last year to reclassify cannabis from class C to class B against the advice of the ACMD .
A Home Office spokesman said : " The home secretary expressed surprise and disappointment over Professor Nutt 's comments which damage efforts to give the public clear messages about the dangers of drugs . "
In his reply , Nutt said : " If scientists are not allowed to engage in the debate then you devalue their contribution to policymaking . "
The sacking is likely to raise concerns among scientists over the independence of advice to the government and may trigger further resignations .
The Home Office describes the ACMD as an independent expert body that advises on drug- related issues , including recommendations on classification under the 1971 Misuse of Drugs Act .
It is not thought that the home secretary spoke directly to Nutt before requesting his resignation in writing .
Nutt told the BBC : " I think the issue is whether I am straying into the realm of policy .
I personally do n't think I was . "
The decision follows the publication of a paper by the Centre for Crime and Justice at King 's College London , based on a lecture Nutt delivered in July .
He repeated his familiar view that illicit drugs should be classified according to the actual evidence of the harm they cause and pointed out that alcohol and tobacco caused more harm than LSD , ecstasy and cannabis .
He also argued that smoking cannabis created only a " relatively small risk " of psychotic illness .
The shadow home secretary , Chris Grayling , backed Johnson 's decision .
" This was an inevitable decision after his latest ill - judged contribution to the debate but it is a sign of lack of focus at the Home Office that it did n't act sooner given that he has done this before . "
Richard Garside , director of the centre for Crime and Justice Studies at King 's College London , accused Johnson of undermining scientific research .
He said : " The message is that when it comes to the Home Office 's relationship with the research community honest researchers should be seen but not heard . "
Phil Willis , the Lib Dem MP who chairs the Commons science and technology committee , said independent advice to the government was essential and the sacking of Nutt was " disturbing if an independent scientist should be removed for reporting sound scientific advice " .
The charity DrugScope 's director of communications , Harry Shapiro , said : " The home secretary 's decision to force the resignation of the chair of an independent advisory body is an extremely serious and concerning development and raises serious questions about the means by which drug policy is informed and kept under review . "
1970 Special class B category , half way between " hard " and " soft " drugs , created for cannabis as a compromise between Labour home secretary , James Callaghan , who believed it was as dangerous as heroin , and a " student faction " in cabinet who did not .
1978 Advisory Council on Misuse of Drugs recommends downgrading cannabis from class B to C. Labour home secretary Merlyn Rees rejects advice .
2002 ACMD looks again at status of cannabis at request of home secretary David Blunkett , who accepts recommendation to downgrade it from B to C , on grounds it is less harmful than class B drugs such as amphetamines .
2008 Home secretary Jacqui Smith rejects advice from ACMD to keep cannabis at class C after a ­ review concludes that evidence of a link between mental illness and stronger strains of cannabis remains weak .
February 2009
Smith vetoes ACMD recommendation that ecstasy be downgraded from class A after it reviewed 4,000 papers on the subject .
October 2009 Alan Johnson sacks Professor David Nutt as ACMD chair .
ends
CINCINNATI , Nov. 13 ( UPI ) --
A pro-atheism billboard in Cincinnati was being moved to a different location in response to alleged threats two days after it was put up , sponsors said .
The copy on the billboard reads : " Do n't Believe In God ?
You are not alone . "
It was put up Tuesday but was taken down Thursday because the owner of the property where it was posted reported receiving threats because of the message , WCPO -TV , Cincinnati , reported Thursday .
Advertisement
Fred Edwords , national director of the United Coalition of Reason , which sponsored the billboard , said the organization was contacted by Lamar Advertising of Cincinnati on behalf of the landowner .
" We were n't given the landowner 's identity or precise details , " Edwords said .
" Nor did we pursue them .
It was sufficient to learn that multiple , significant threats had been received and that Lamar would act quickly to alleviate the problem . "
" Everything that has happened shows just how vital our message is , " Shawn Jeffers , co-coordinator for the Cincinnati Coalition of Reason , said .
" It proves our point , that bigotry against people who do n't believe in a god is still very real in America . "
Jack Jones of Downtown told the TV station he thinks the sign should not be put up .
" It 's atheist , " he said .
A Sydney father who defamed a school principal in an email attacking her competency has been ordered to pay her $ 82,543 in damages .
NSW Supreme Court Justice Henric Nicholas today handed down his verdict in favour of Jennie Ryan , the 61 - year - old principal of Beecroft Public School , in Sydney 's north - west .
She had sued Rajaratnam Premachandran for defamation over an email he sent to fellow parents in April 2008 .
The email , which he also copied to the principal , was entitled " Call for Mrs Ryan to quit " and alleged she was not fit to remain as principal .
Mrs Ryan 's lawyer , Sue Chrysanthou , had submitted Mr Premachandran then ran a year - long malicious " campaign " against the well - respected and " decorated " principal .
NotePage 's Green Efforts
NotePage is an eco-friendly business .
In recent years , we have made a number of changes in an effort to become a more environmentally - friendly and conscientious business .
Here are just a few of the things that NotePage has done in our effort to become a more " green " business ...
1. Telecommuting Staff
Currently , the staff at Notepage can optionally choose to telecommute if and when they wish .
Working from home reduces travel costs , emissions , etc .
2. Electronic Documents
Invoices , statements , receipts , and price quotes are all available in electronic ( PDF ) format .
Customers can have such documents delivered to them via email , which results in less paper waste and reduced mail / delivery costs , as well as much quicker delivery .
3. Electronic Software Delivery Options
All software from NotePage is available via electronic delivery by default .
Physical media can be optionally added to an order if desired .
4. Encourage Recycling
NotePage encourages all staff members to recycle .
5. Encourage Energy Conservation
Energy conservation not only reduces expenses , but it also leaves the environment in better shape .
For example , many NotePage staff members have opted to use energy - efficient laptop computers rather than desktop PCs .
6. Collaborative Digital Tools
NotePage uses electronic collaboration tools , such as Google Docs and MS Groove , which eliminates those ever - changing printed paper drafts and mockups .
7. Green Tips
We have added a " green tips " section to both the FeedForAll and NotePage newsletters .
8. Energy Star Compliant
When new equipment is purchased , effort is made to purchase " energy star compliant " hardware .
Businesses have a responsibility to be good stewards of the environment , and to leave the world a better place for future generations .
NotePage , Inc. is making every effort to be a responsible and green business .
( Health.com ) -- Bisphenol - A , a chemical found in hard , clear plastic used to make everything from baby bottles to food packaging , may increase the risk of erectile dysfunction and other sexual problems in male factory workers exposed to large amounts of the substance , according to a study conducted in China .
The health effects of BPA have been hotly debated ; although some studies have linked BPA to a risk of brain damage , birth defects , hyperactivity , heart disease , early puberty , obesity , and prostate cancer , other research suggests that the low level of exposure from plastics does n't pose a health risk to adults .
( The picture is less clear for children . )
Part of the problem is that much of the research has been conducted in mice and other animals , and its validity in humans is controversial .
Although not conclusive , the potential health effects have caused some baby - bottle and water - bottle manufacturers to stop using the chemical , at least in part because of public concern .
BPA is not found in soft , pliable plastic used in most water bottles .
Now , the new study -- one of the first to be conducted in humans -- seems to support a finding previously reported only in animal research .
Among the men who work with BPA , the risk of having difficulty ejaculating was seven times greater than it was among the non-exposed group , and the risk of erectile problems was more than four times greater .
The BPA - exposed workers also reported higher rates of low sex drive and lower overall satisfaction with their sex lives , according to the study , published this week in Human Reproduction and funded by the National Institute of Occupational Safety and Health .
Health.com :
Why erectile dysfunction is so common in men with diabetes
Researchers compared the rates of sexual dysfunction in two groups of workers in China -- 230 men who worked at factories that produce BPA or epoxy resin ( which contains the chemical ) , and some 400 men , including workers in other industries , who were not exposed to abnormally high levels of BPA .
Epoxy resin is used in the lining of canned foods and is another potential source of BPA in addition to hard , clear plastic .
The men who worked in the BPA and epoxy - resin factories were exposed to levels about 50 times higher than average .
The greater a worker 's exposure to BPA -- which was measured using spot air and urine samples -- the more likely he was to have sexual dysfunction .
Yet the dysfunction was apparent even in workers who had worked in a BPA factory for one year or less .
Health.com : Top 10 myths about safe sex and sexual health
" This was a very compelling study , " says Dr. Rebecca Sokol , the director of the andrology program at the University of Southern California 's Keck School of Medicine , who specializes in the effects of toxins on the reproductive system .
" It 's not cause and effect , but when you have the kind of ambient air quality assessment that they made , it comes pretty close to cause and effect . "
In the past , the scientists and industry representatives who have argued that BPA is safe at the low level of exposure that occurs for most people have pointed to the lack of BPA research in humans , says the lead author of the study , Dr. De-Kun Li , a reproductive epidemiologist at Kaiser Permanente 's Division of Research , in Oakland , California .
Health.com : 7 ways to treat erectile dysfunction
" They keep arguing , ' Where 's the human data ?
Where 's the human data ?
You ca n't extrapolate animal studies to humans , ' " Li says .
" Which is true , sometimes .
But now we have human data . "
The findings of Li and his colleagues are consistent with the hypothesis that BPA , when it enters the body , can mimic the effects of estrogen and may block male sex hormones ( including testosterone ) .
The study has implications beyond male sexual dysfunction , however , since sexual dysfunction is often associated with broader reproductive health problems .
Health.com :
Why erectile dysfunction is so common in men With diabetes
And the fact that a health effect observed in animal studies has been seen in humans , says Li , suggests that the other findings of animal studies -- an increased risk of cancer and obesity , for example -- need to be taken more seriously .
" We can not dismiss them anymore , " he says .
Experts caution that the results need to be replicated in other studies , and also in the United States .
The study " opens a new front in [ BPA ] research , " says Peter Myers , a BPA expert and the chief scientist at Environmental Health Sciences in Charlottesville , Virginia .
" But as is absolutely necessary when a new front like this is opened up , we need to see replication . "
It 's unclear , for instance , whether the everyday exposure to BPA that people receive from food packaging and other plastics is significant enough to produce the sexual dysfunction seen in workers who were inhaling the chemical all day .
The BPA levels measured in the study were " extraordinarily high , " says Sokol , and they may have little or no relevance to " somebody drinking water out of a bottle . "
But , she adds , " We need to be prudent and cautious about whether this chemical actually is impacting reproduction .
People have to stop and say , ' Whoa , now we 're starting to get data in animals that is manifested in humans . ' "
The study did have some weaknesses .
It was relatively small for an epidemiological study , according to Sokol , and the rate of erectile difficulty among the BPA workers was still relatively low overall -- a little more than 15 percent .
Health.com : 10 Questions to ask a new partner
This study comes amid mounting concerns over the safety of BPA from consumers , scientists , and public officials .
In the summer of 2009 , Canada said it was moving towards a ban on the sale and import of BPA - containing baby bottles .
A number of states and cities , including Minnesota and Chicago , have passed similar bans or have taken steps to do so .
Several companies have also announced that they will voluntarily phase out the chemical from their products .
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) is also in the midst of reconsidering its stance on BPA .
In August 2008 , largely on the basis of research funded by the chemical industry , the agency issued a draft assessment on the safety of BPA in food packaging , concluding that " an adequate margin of safety exists for BPA at current levels of exposure " from those sources .
The FDA report caused an uproar in the scientific community and was soon contradicted .
The National Toxicology Program ( NTP ) , a federal agency that advises the FDA on chemicals and other environmental toxins , released its own report expressing " some " concern about the potential effects of BPA on the brains , behavior , and prostate glands of fetuses , infants , and children , as well as " minimal " concern about earlier puberty for girls .
The NTP classified its concerns over reproductive effects from workplace BPA exposure as " minimal . "
Soon after , the FDA 's own Science Board released a report that cited the FDA 's exclusion of a large number of animal studies on BPA , and concluded that the agency may have overestimated the safety of the chemical .
Following the release of these reports and a spate of media attention , the FDA announced that it would reconsider its assessment .
In mid-August 2009 , the agency indicated that it will continue to review the research on BPA effects in humans and will " decide next steps " by the end of November 2009 .
Although the study of Li and his colleagues is n't likely to drastically change the course of the debate ( additional studies will be needed for that to happen ) , it will help keep the spotlight on the health effects of BPA .
" This study forces some new questions into the arena that need to be answered , " says Myers .
Copyright Health Magazine 2011
About the author
( NewsTarget )
This may well be remembered as the year medical " facts " about prostate cancer were shown to be riddled with wrong assumptions and downright myths .
As readers of NaturalNews know , for example , recent studies have shown little if any benefit to regular prostate cancer screening tests ( https://www.naturalnews.com/026787_cancer_Pro... ) with hundreds of thousands of men being over - diagnosed and over - treated with a potentially deadly malignancy when they actually have no lethal disease .
Now comes even more startling news about the wrong - headedness of standard prostate cancer care .
It is common for men with elevated prostate - specific antigen ( PSA ) levels to face biopsies .
But scientists at Wake Forest University School of Medicine and the University of Wisconsin - Madison have discovered that Instead , they can simply be caused by a hormone normally occurring in healthy bodies .
According to a study just published in , the researchers discovered that parathyroid hormone , which the body produces to regulate blood levels of calcium , can raise PSA levels in healthy men who do not have prostate cancer .
Unfortunately , elevated PSA levels currently set off alarm bells in the mainline medical establishment , leading many men to be biopsied and then treated unnecessarily with surgery , chemo , radiation , and / or emasculating hormones .
"
PSA picks up any prostate activity , not just cancer , " said lead investigator Gary G. Schwartz , Ph.D. , M.P.H. , an associate professor of cancer biology , epidemiology and prevention at the Wake Forest University School of Medicine , in a statement to the press .
" Inflammation and other factors can elevate PSA levels .
If the levels are elevated , the man is usually sent for a biopsy .
The problem is that , as men age , they often develop microscopic cancers in the prostate that are clinically insignificant .
If it were n't for the biopsy , these clinically insignificant cancers , which would never develop into fatal prostate cancer , would never be seen .
" The research team investigated data from 1,273 men who participated in the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey from 2005 to 2006 .
At the time of the survey , none of the research subjects reported any current infection or inflammation of the prostate gland , prostate biopsy in the past month , or history of prostate cancer .
The scientists adjusted their findings for age , race and obesity because PSA levels rise with age , are higher in African - American men , and lower in overweight males .
The results ?
The higher the level of parathyroid hormone measured in the blood , the higher the PSA levels .
And when men had parathyroid levels that were normal , but at the high end of the normal scale , their PSA measurements were increased by 43 % -- a range that , when seen by most urologists , would be used to justify immediate biopsies .
The bottom line , according to Dr. Schwartz : " It 's likely that there are a lot of men out there with elevated PSAs that may be due to elevated parathyroid hormone rather than prostate cancer .
"
The findings are especially important for black men , the researchers stated , because about 20 % of them have high parathyroid hormone levels compared to about 10 % of Caucasians .
And that results in African - American men being placed at a higher risk for unnecessary biopsies and over - treatment .
Sherry Baker is a widely published writer whose work has appeared in Newsweek , Health , the Atlanta Journal and Constitution , Yoga Journal , Optometry , Atlanta , Arthritis Today , Natural Healing Newsletter , OMNI , UCLA 's " Healthy Years " newsletter , Mount Sinai School of Medicine 's " Focus on Health Aging " newsletter , the Cleveland Clinic 's " Men 's Health Advisor " newsletter and many others .
Exclusive : Jobs ' Saved or Created ' in Congressional Districts That Don't Exist Human error blamed for crediting new stimulus jobs to nonexistent places .
Nov. 16 , 2009  --
Here 's a stimulus success story :
In Arizona 's 15th congressional district , 30 jobs have been saved or created with just $ 761,420 in federal stimulus spending .
At least that 's what the Web site set up by the Obama administration to track the $ 787 billion stimulus says .
There 's one problem , though :
There is no 15th congressional district in Arizona ; the state has only eight districts .
And ABC
News has found many more entries for projects like this in places that are incorrectly identified .
Late Monday , officials with the Recovery Board created to track the stimulus spending , said the mistakes in crediting nonexistent congressional districts were caused by human error .
" We report what the recipients submit to us , " said Ed Pound , Communications Director for the Board .
Pound told ABC
News the board receives declarations from the recipients - state governments , federal agencies and universities - of stimulus money about what program is being funded .
" Some recipients clearly do n't know what congressional district they live in , so they appear to be just throwing in any number .
We expected all along that recipients would make mistakes on their congressional districts , on jobs numbers , on award amounts , and so on .
Human beings make mistakes , " Pound said .
The issue has raised hackles on Capitol Hill .
Rep. David Obey , D - Wisc , who chairs the powerful House appropriations Committee , issued a paper statement demanding that the recovery .
gov
Web site be updated .
" The inaccuracies on recovery.gov that have come to light are outrageous and the Administration owes itself , the Congress , and every American a commitment to work night and day to correct the ludicrous mistakes . "
ABC News was able to locate several examples on the government 's
Web site outlining hundreds of millions of dollars spent and jobs created in Congressional districts that have been misidentified .
For example , recovery.gov says $ 34 million in stimulus money has been spent in Arizona 's 86th congressional district in a project for the Navajo Housing authority , which is actually located in the 1st congressional district .
Click Here to Track the $ 787 Billion Stimulus Plan
The reporting problems are not limited to Arizona , ABC News found .
In Oklahoma , recovery.gov lists more than $ 19 million in spending -- and 15 jobs created -- in yet more congressional districts that do n't exist .
In Iowa , it shows $ 10.6 million spent – and 39 jobs created -- in nonexistent districts .
In Connecticut 's 42nd district ( which also does not exist ) , the Web site claims 25 jobs created with zero stimulus dollars .
The list of spending and job creation in fictional congressional districts extends to U.S. territories as well .
$ 68.3 million spent and 72.2 million spent in the 1st congressional district of the U.S. Virgin Islands .
$ 8.4 million spent and 40.3 jobs created in the 99th congressional district of the U.S. Virgin Islands .
$ 1.5 million spent and .3 jobs created in the 69th district and $ 35 million for 142 jobs in the 99th district of the Northern Mariana Islands .
$ 47.7 million spent and 291 jobs created in Puerto Rico 's 99th congressional district .
Stimulus Fund Mystery
Interesting facts and figures , but none of these districts exist .
The recovery.gov
Web site was established as part of the stimulus bill " to foster greater accountability and transparency " in the use of the money spent through the stimulus program .
The site is a well - funded enterprise ; the General Services Administration updated it earlier this year with an $ 18 million grant .
ABC News ' Zach Wolf contributed to this report .
In these financially troubled times , bankers tend not to score too highly on the scale of public admiration , with their bonuses , bailouts and bad loans .
But today details emerged of a woman who may confound the popular view that everyone in the industry is in it for themselves .
The 62 - year - old branch head of one German bank was hailed as a hero after she confessed to transferring money from rich customers to help her poorer clients .
Already , she has been dubbed " Die Robin Hood Bankerin " .
She was given a 22 - month suspended sentence after moving more than € 7.6 m ( £ 6.9 m ) in 117 transfers between 2003 and 2005 .
The court in Bonn was told that the employee , who has not been named , took no money for herself .
" The accused has n't put one cent in her own pocket .
She did it purely out of sympathy with people who were suffering financially , " the woman 's lawyer , Thomas Ohm , said .
She was a " good samaritan " with a " Mother Courage " nature , referencing the Brecht character who believes she can do good in a bad world .
The employee was accused of allowing overdrafts for customers who would not normally qualify for them .
She then used the money from richer customers to temporarily disguise the loans during the bank 's monthly audit of overdrafts .
The woman knew most of the clients of her small rural branch and had access to their accounts , German TV station WDR reported .
That 's how she discovered that some of her richest customers – some with six - figure balances – had not touched their accounts in years .
Meanwhile , others were drowning in debt .
" Customers asked me if I could help them .
They could n't get credit in a conventional way , " the woman told the court , adding that she found her actions unbelievable now .
" I can't understand it any more .
I must have had helper syndrome . "
Out of sympathy , she began to move money about , ostensibly to " lend " from the rich to the poor for a short period .
The authorities finally cottoned on when she broadened her reach , subsidising a small taxi firm in addition to her private clients .
The woman could have faced a four - year prison sentence , but the court decided on leniency as she had confessed immediately and did not profit personally .
The judge said : " It 's difficult to find an appropriate punishment here .
On the one hand we have big losses .
But on the other hand we have here this altruistic behaviour , which makes the case very different from the norm . "
Citigroup ( C ) has claimed that it 's the best - capitalized big bank in the country , a distinction that means very little given how often it 's been bailed out .
But even that claim may not mean very much .
Rolfe Winkler explains how a major portion of its capital base may not be as real as investors might like .
According to its recent 10 - Q , Citi had $ 38 billion of deferred tax assets as of Sept. 30 , more than a third of the bank ’s tangible common equity of $ 107 billion .
Backing that out , Citi ’s TCE ratio — the inverse of leverage — is reduced from 5.7 percent to 3.7 percent .
And when Citi adopts new accounting rules for off - balance - sheet assets , the ratio will be reduced further to 2.8 percent .
Bank regulators should be concerned .
To fortify their balance sheets so they can withstand systemic events without government support , banks need genuine capital available to absorb losses .
Deferred tax assets , or DTAs , do n’t fit that bill .
Imagine an individual in bankruptcy court asking to pay off his credit card debt with tax - loss carryforwards .
So long as Citi generates profit , its DTAs have value .
But earnings could evaporate quickly if the Fed decides it has to prick the new asset price bubble being inflated by near - zero rates , or if an unanticipated systemic event puts stress on Citi ’s balance sheet .
He goes onto note other circumstances , whereby a chance in the company 's capital structure may constitute a change - in - control , prompting an automatic write - off of these DTAs .
Presumably selling them near face value is n't really an option , because otherwise they 'd probably do just that .
Winkler is n't alone sounding this alarm .
Last month , analyst Mike Mayo was making similar noises , and suggested that Citigroup could have to take a whopping $ 10 billion charge -- a number the bank dismissed as ludicrous .
Sven Hagolani / Getty Images
For some time , researchers have been finding that people who exercise do n’t necessarily lose weight .
A study published online in September in The British Journal of Sports Medicine was the latest to report apparently disappointing slimming results .
In the study , 58 obese people completed 12 weeks of supervised aerobic training without changing their diets .
The group lost an average of a little more than seven pounds , and many lost barely half that .
How can that be ?
Exercise , it seems , should make you thin .
Activity burns calories .
No one doubts that .
“ Walking , even at a very easy pace , you ’ll probably burn three or four calories a minute , ” beyond what you would use quietly sitting in a chair , said Dan Carey , Ph.D. , an assistant professor of exercise physiology at the University of St. Thomas in Minnesota , who studies exercise and metabolism .
But few people , an overwhelming body of research shows , achieve significant weight loss with exercise alone , not without changing their eating habits .
A new study from scientists at the University of Colorado School of Medicine in Denver offers some reasons why .
For the study , the researchers recruited several groups of people .
Some were lean endurance athletes ; some sedentary and lean ; some sedentary and obese .
Each of the subjects agreed to spend , over the course of the experiment , several 24 - hour periods in a special laboratory room ( a walk - in calorimeter ) that measures the number of calories a person burns .
Using various calculations , the researchers could also tell whether the calories expended were in the form of fat or carbohydrates , the body ’s two main fuel sources .
Burning more fat than carbohydrates is obviously desirable for weight loss , since the fat being burned comes primarily from body fat stores , and we all , even the leanest among us , have plenty of those .
The Denver researchers were especially interested in how the athletes ’ bodies would apportion and use calories .
It has been well documented that regular endurance training increases the ability of the body to use fat as a fuel during exercise .
They wondered , though , if the athletes — or any of the other subjects — would burn extra fat calories after exercising , a phenomenon that some exercisers ( and even more diet and fitness books ) call “ afterburn . ”
“ Many people believe that you rev up ” your metabolism after an exercise session “ so that you burn additional body fat throughout the day , ” said Edward Melanson , Ph.D. , an associate professor in the division of endocrinology at the School of Medicine and the lead author of the study .
If afterburn were found to exist , it would suggest that even if you replaced the calories you used during an exercise session , you should lose weight , without gaining weight — the proverbial free lunch .
Each of Melanson ’s subjects spent 24 quiet hours in the calorimeter , followed later by another 24 hours that included an hourlong bout of stationary bicycling .
The cycling was deliberately performed at a relatively easy intensity ( about 55 percent of each person ’s predetermined aerobic capacity ) .
It is well known physiologically that , while high - intensity exercise demands mostly carbohydrate calories ( since carbohydrates can quickly reach the bloodstream and , from there , laboring muscles ) , low - intensity exercise prompts the body to burn at least some stored fat .
All of the subjects ate three meals a day .
To their surprise , the researchers found that none of the groups , including the athletes , experienced “ afterburn . ”
They did not use additional body fat on the day when they exercised .
In fact , most of the subjects burned slightly less fat over the 24 - hour study period when they exercised than when they did not .
“ The message of our work is really simple , ” although not agreeable to hear , Melanson said .
“ It all comes down to energy balance , ” or , as you might have guessed , calories in and calories out .
People “ are only burning 200 or 300 calories ” in a typical 30 - minute exercise session , Melanson points out .
“ You replace that with one bottle of Gatorade . ”
This does not mean that exercise has no impact on body weight , or that you ca n’t calibrate your workouts to maximize the amount of body fat that you burn , if that ’s your goal .
“ If you work out at an easy intensity , you will burn a higher percentage of fat calories ” than if you work out a higher intensity , Carey says , so you should draw down some of the padding you ’ve accumulated on the hips or elsewhere — if you do n’t replace all of the calories afterward .
To help those hoping to reduce their body fat , he published formulas in The Journal of Strength and Conditioning Research last month that detailed the heart rates at which a person could maximize fat burning .
“ Heart rates of between 105 and 134 ” beats per minute , Carey said , represent the fat - burning zone .
“ It ’s probably best to work out near the top of that zone , ” he says , “ so that you burn more calories over all ” than at the extremely leisurely lower end .
Perhaps just as important , bear in mind that exercise has benefits beyond weight reduction .
In the study of obese people who took up exercise , most became notably healthier , increasing their aerobic capacity , decreasing their blood pressure and resting heart rates , and , the authors write , achieving “ an acute exercise - induced increase in positive mood , ” leading the authors to conclude that , “ significant and meaningful health benefits can be achieved even in the presence of lower than expected exercise - induced weight loss . ”
Finally and thankfully , exercise seems to aid , physiologically , in the battle to keep off body fat once it has been , through resolute calorie reduction , chiseled away .
In other work by Melanson ’s group , published in September , laboratory rats that had been overfed and then slimmed through calorie reduction were able to “ defend ” their lower weight more effectively if they ran on a treadmill and ate at will than if they had no access to a treadmill .
The exercise seemed to reset certain metabolic pathways within the rats , Melanson says , that blunted their body ’s drive to replace the lost fat .
Similar mechanisms , he adds , probably operate within the bodies of humans , providing scientific justification for signing up for that Thanksgiving Day 5K .
“ I lived in Afghanistan when it was very governable , from 1964 to 1974 , ” said Thomas E. Gouttierre , director of the Center for Afghanistan Studies at the University of Nebraska , Omaha , who met recently in Kabul with Gen. Stanley A. McChrystal , the top NATO commander in Afghanistan .
Mr. Gouttierre , who spent his decade in the country as a Peace Corps volunteer , a Fulbright scholar and the national basketball team ’s coach , said , “ I ’ve always thought it was one of the most beautiful places in the world . ”
Image A photo studio in Kabul ( 1961 ) .
Credit ... Harrison Salisbury / The New York Times
Afghans today say that the view of their country as an ungovernable “ graveyard of empires ” is condescending and uninformed .
“ Unfortunately , we have a lot of overnight experts on Afghanistan right now , ” said Said Tayeb Jawad , the Afghan ambassador to Washington .
“ You turn to any TV channel and they are experts on Afghan ethnicities , tribal issues and history without having been to Afghanistan or read one or two books . ”
“ Afghanistan , ” Mr. Jawad asserted , “ is less tribal than New York . ”
Zalmay Khalilzad , an Afghan - American and the former American ambassador to Afghanistan who grew up in Kabul and the northern Afghan city of Mazar - i- Sharif , said that calling a country ungovernable was a standard reaction when Americans do not want to engage in a conflict , like Iraq or the Balkans .
The response , he said , is articulated as , “ We were wrong to have the objectives that we had because this place is unhelpable , they ’ve been at war for a thousand years , who the hell do we think we are that we can solve this problem ? ”
Mr. Khalilzad would be the first to acknowledge that Afghanistan was always fractious politically , and that there were assassinations and coups even during the era of relative peace .
But the current downward spiral did not begin until 1978 , when the president , Sardar Mohammad Daoud Khan , was killed in a Communist coup , setting off three decades of conflict .
In 1979 , the Soviets invaded , occupied Afghanistan for the next decade and were finally driven out by American - backed mujahedeen fighters , some of whom went on to form the Taliban , an Islamic student militia , which took control in Kabul in 1996 .
The Taliban in turn were toppled by the Americans in 2001 , but fighting continued .
by Martin Cassini
They take our eyes off the road .
They make us stop when it 's safe to go .
They increase journey times .
They maximise congestion , which costs the economy £ 20 bn a year .
They maximise emissions and fuel use from the stop - start drive cycle .
They deface streetscapes .
They cost the earth to install and run .
" But Sir , " wrote David Williams to the Times , " you forget the other function of traffic lights : they provide an opportunity to apply make - up , straighten one 's tie , use the steering wheel as a drum kit , and , most importantly , explore the contents of one 's nose . "
Despite that folksy insight , gains in efficiency , safety , quality of life and the planet , would follow if we scrapped lights - the biggest gas - guzzlers of them all .
Civilised behaviour
Lights are a retrospective " cure " for the fatal flaw at the heart of the system : main road priority .
Priority makes roads dangerous by giving one set of road - users right - of - way over others - not because they had arrived first , which is the civilised way to behave , but because of the contrived distinction between major and minor roads .
To break the priority streams of traffic , lights are " needed " .
The rules turn our roads into danger zones where we have to fight for gaps and green time .
Over the years they have helped kill more people than died in two world wars .
Dr Ian Walker , a traffic psychologist from the University of Bath , says traffic controls developed piecemeal , with little or no testing .
Traffic lights also go against our natural inclinations .
Professor Frank McKenna of Reading University says we have to suppress certain behaviours so the system works .
Should n't it be the other way round ?
Should n't the system conform to human nature ?
Live and let live .
Like a skateboard park , where teens of all stripes nod each other on and merge in harmony .
Would it work ?
Join the Newsnight debate
Shared space
When lights are out of action , do we start crashing into each other ?
Does traffic seize up ?
No , we approach slowly and take it in turns .
Courtesy thrives and congestion dissolves .
Pedestrians are seen as fellow road - users rather than obstacles in the way of the next light .
In " shared space " , a theory pioneered by the late Hans Monderman ( 1945 -2008 ) , traffic controls are removed , streets become civilised again .
Where once a green light licensed aggression , now there is peaceful coexistence between road - users .
Q. No rules ?
It would be anarchy .
A. Peaceful anarchy .
Live and let live .
Like a skateboard park , where teens of all stripes nod each other on and merge in harmony .
Blind safety
Professor Peter Barker , who was a professional engineer and has been blind since 1991 , says that shared space , with modifications to help orientation , could even be safer for blind people , and should be trialled .
As for the planet , every litre of fuel burned releases 2.4 kg of CO2 .
Cutting time spent idling at lights could reduce CO2 emissions
The very cities that advocate use of public transport also make their high - polluting diesel buses wait at red .
Transport for London refused to take part , which speaks volumes .
By all means introduce a programme of re-education .
Phase in the advanced driving test to raise standards and help drivers meet the challenge .
But stop detaining us unnecessarily at lights !
At the very least , flashing lights that allow filtering on opportunity should replace mandatory lights that forbid it .
Register among proposals put forward to deal with serial perpetrators of abuse against women and girls
Police chiefs have proposed a domestic violence register to track an estimated 25,000 men in England and Wales who move from one relationship to another after serially abusing their partners .
The Association of Chief Police Officers ( Acpo ) is also pressing for the creation of a " course of conduct " offence that would enable prosecutions to be brought against serial offenders even if the evidence is insufficient in each individual case .
The police say a register of serial abusers would enable new partners and others at risk of violence to be told of a man 's history .
Controversially , this could include information short of convictions , including a pattern of unproven allegations by different women .
The register of serial domestic violence abusers would differ from the sex offenders ' register in that conviction alone would not automatically lead to inclusion .
Decisions about disclosure to potential victims would be taken by a multi-agency panel that would assess the risks in each case .
The package of police proposals to deal with serial perpetrators of violence against women and girls was drawn up in response to a request in March from Jacqui Smith , when she was home secretary .
A policing , crime and security bill is expected to include another proposal from the Acpo review group , for the introduction of domestic violence protection orders , which would ban a suspected violent partner from returning to the family home or having any contact for 14 days .
Brian Moore , the chief constable of Wiltshire , who carried out the Acpo review , said it was necessary to ensure that the police were doing all they could to protect victims and the public from dangerous people who had repeatedly shown a propensity towards violence .
" We want to go after those serial perpetrators who go from relationship to relationship , growing in confidence and menace . "
Moore admitted that the proposed " course of conduct " offence would be a radical departure in criminal law and had " polarised " his steering committee , with some members vehemently opposed .
He said he recognised that the proposals were controversial and required further consultation : " It is for government to take into account the wider perspectives as part of its full consultation . "
The estimate that there are 25,350 serial perpetrators of violence against their domestic partners is based on returns from 27 out of the 43 police forces in England and Wales .
Serial perpetrators were defined as those responsible for domestic violence involving two or more victims .
Moore , who is also Acpo's spokesman on public protection issues , said a study of 400 domestic violence , sexual assault and " serious " incident cases reported to the Metropolitan police in 2004 demonstrated that men went from one abusive relationship to another .
A separate study based on Northumbria police data found that 18 % of those who re-offended did so against a different partner .
The home secretary , Alan Johnson , said he believed the proposals would stimulate an important debate : " Work is already under way to implement one recommendation in the form of domestic violence protection orders , or Go orders , which will be an extremely useful tool for police to protect victims .
" We will now carefully consider how other recommendations can be taken forward and set out our proposed approach alongside the violence against women and girls strategy later this year , " he said .
When we rounded up a list of our favorite comic book cliches , we mentioned that there are a whole lot of female versions of male characters out there in the world of comics .
Whether they were started out as a means to secure a copyright ( like Supergirl and She - Hulk ) , attempts at taking a legacy character in a new direction ( Dr. Midnight , Dr. Light and Wildcat II ) , or just attempts at shutting Frederic Wertham up ( Silver Age Batwoman , we 're looking at you ) , there are a ton of gender - swapped versions of male characters out there , and some of them are just strange .
tweetmeme_url = ' http://comicsalliance.com/2009/11/17/female-versions-of-male-superheroes/'; tweetmeme_source = ' ComicsAlliance ' ; digg_url = ' http://digg.com/comics_animation/Gender_Swap_Meet_Strange_Female_Versions_of_Male_Characters';
That 's why we 've gotten ComicsAlliance contributor Chris Sims to take a look through the archives and round up the best and outright weirdest female versions of male comic book characters !
Lady Punisher
Unlike the time that the Punisher was an angel , or that time the Punisher was black , or that time the Punisher was a Frankenstein 's Monster , this one actually is n't one of Frank Castle 's stranger transformations .
Instead , Lady Pun here is actually Lynn Michaels , a cop who decided to moonlight as a vigilante to catch a serial rapist and was then caught up in the fast - paced world of black leather pants and skull - patterned bustiers .
She was actually one of many ersatz Punishers running around towards the end of his '90s run ( including Outlaw , the motorcycle - riding British Punisher who seriously needs a comeback ) , but just in case you forgot that she 's the girl , she 's the one that found Frank 's diary ( well , " War Journal , " but let 's be honest ) and was very upset to see that she was n't mentioned .
Galacta
Created by Adam Warren and Elsevilla for this year 's Assistant Editor Spectacular , Galacta appears to be a young woman in a " Sexy Galactus " costume , much to the delight of hat fetishists everywhere .
In reality though -- or at least as close to reality as the Marvel Universe gets -- she 's Big G's daughter , who has given up on eating planets and instead subsists on " alien microfauna , " mostly in the form of space - diseases that are out of place in Earth 's ecosystem .
What 's more , Galacta -- who even has her own sadly idle Twitter account -- won a reader vote to get a follow - up story , beating out " Nextwave 's " Elsa Bloodstone , who is herself a female version of a male character , the Bronze Age monster hunter Ulysses Bloodstone !
Secretary of the Army John McHugh said in an interview with the Army Times that the Army could handle a repeal of the controversial Do n’t Ask , Do n’t Tell policy without major disruption , but refused to offer his personal views on the issue .
From the Army Times :
McHugh finds himself at the center of debate over Obama ’s pledge to repeal the law banning open service by homosexuals .
In the interview , McHugh carefully avoided offering his personal views on the issue , saying his job now is to provide input to Obama on how to make the change and to talk with members of Congress about the issue .
Selling the idea to Congress , which has the final say , could depend on exactly what the administration tries to do in terms of the timing of repeal and how it is applied , McHugh said .
It ’s possible , for example , that homosexuals could be allowed into some occupations or units but barred from others , McHugh said , stressing that he was not aware of any such plans but only discussing how the issue might play out .
“ I do n’t want to prejudge the situation , ” he said .
“ I am saying if he did that , it would be my job to explain it when the appropriate time comes . ”
When asked specifically if lifting the gay ban would seriously disrupt the military , as predicted by those who oppose repeal , McHugh said there is no reason to think major turmoil would ensue .
“ Anytime you have a broad - based policy change , there are challenges to that , ” he said .
“ The Army has a big history of taking on similar issues , [ with ] predictions of doom and gloom that did not play out , ” he said .
By Giles Ji Ungpakorn
October 5 , 2009 -- People like to say that “ history repeats itself , but not in exactly the same way ” .
In some ways , and not others , the military coup of the September 19 , 2006 , was a repeat of the bloodbath and coup on October 6 , 1976 .
Circumstances are different , some actors are different and some have changed sides .
But there are interesting comparisons to make .
Both the October 6 and the September 19 coups were actions which destroyed democracy because the conservative elites felt that “ too much democracy ” would lead to “ too much equality ” .
In 1976 , students , intellectuals , workers and farmers were talking of socialism , redistribution of wealth and a welfare state .
In 2006 , then Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra 's Thai Rak Thai party ( TRT ) government was providing village funds and had set up a universal healthcare system .
His popularity as a result of these genuine pro-poor policies threatened the conservatives .
In both cases the conservatives claimed that welfare would make people lazy and that pro-poor policies threatened to destroy the country .
The September 19 coup claimed legitimacy from the king , although it is very unlikely that the king ordered the coup .
But following the coup he praised the soldiers .
After the Democrat Party was manoeuvred into power by the army , there was a regime of draconian censorship .
Government opponents were persecuted , put in prison and killed , even though the number of deaths has been small compared to 1976 .
Events surrounding the September 19 coup coincided with the creation of semi- fascist armed gangs .
First we had the People 's Alliance for Democracy 's “ guards ” .
They carried and used guns , knives , bombs and sticks in the streets and attacked pro-democracy movement ( the ``Red Shirts ' ' ) and the police with impunity .
Then the Democrat Party and Newin Chitchorp set up the paramilitary “ Blue Shirts ” .
The pro-coup side had their own rabid media , ASTV , which continues to churn out lies about their opponents .
The conservative elites were a loose coalition between the army , the PAD , conservative civil servants , academics , the royal palace and the some in the NGO movement .
They agreed on the need for a coup but squabbled over their own self - interests .
PAD leader Sonti was shot by someone in the army .
The Blue Shirts were set up to counter the PAD .
The squabbles continue .
The October 6 , 1976 , bloodbath also claimed legitimacy from the king .
The soldiers were too tainted with the Sarit and Tanom dictatorships and were totally lacking in legitimacy as a result of the successful 1973 uprising .
So they used the paramilitary Border Patrol Police from Hua Hin , near the king ’s palace , instead .
These were the armed forces that attacked and killed the students inside Thammasart University .
The king and queen visited the ex-dictator Tanom at Wat Baworniwet , days before the bloodbath .
Outside the university , on the October 6 , the paramilitary and semi- fascist village scouts , and thugs from the Krating Daeng and Nawapon , beat , hung and burnt students .
The village scouts were under royal patronage , the Krating Daeng were unemployed technical college students organised by the army and the Nawapon were out - of - uniform soldiers , “ the army of number 9 ” .
It is believed that Chamlong Srimuang had a role in the killings at Thammasart .
Later in 1992 he led an uprising against a military dictator .
Now he is with the PAD .
The entire conservative elite were united in the need for a bloody crackdown in 1976 against the socialists and all those who believed in democracy .
Yet they were divided into factions around key figures in the armed forces and key politicians , such as Chartchai Choonhawan in the Chart Thai Party .
Violence and intimidation , plus provocations , were organised in the run-up to 1976 and three separate groups tried to stage a coup .
Only one faction was successful , the one led by Admiral Sangat Chaloryu .
The king blessed the new prime minister , Tanin Kraiwichien , giving his government a royal hue .
His extreme right - wing government , with Samak Sundarawej as interior minister , set about using draconian censorship and burning books .
By 2006 Samak was in with Thaksin and Thai Rak Thai .
A year after the October 6 , 1976 , coup Tanin ’s government was overthrown by another coup .
The soldiers felt his extremism was counterproductive .
So much for his royal credentials !
In 1976 , the conservatives had their rabid media : Dao Sayam newspaper and the tank corps radio station .
They lied that the students had held a play with a mock hanging of the crown prince .
A photo of the play was reproduced from the Bangkok Post .
That paper , conservative as ever , did not refute the false allegation against the students .
After the bloodbath , the crown prince visited the village scouts at the Royal Plaza to thank them for their work .
Because no soldier , police officer or government official has ever been punished for the October 6 , 1976 , bloodbath other soldiers and politicians have been able to abuse human rights with impunity .
Suchinda Kaprayoon and Surayut Chulanon are guilty of crimes against pro-democracy demonstrators in 1992 .
Thaksin and the 4th Army chief are guilty of crimes at Takbai .
Thaksin is also guilty of crimes in the ``war on drugs ' ' .
This war was also supported by Prem Tinsulanon and the king .
There are other examples .
But by repeating the claim that “ no one knows what happened on October 6 ” , the mainstream Thai media reinforce the tradition of immunity from proecesuion for human rights abuses .
There are no big secrets about what happened in 1976 and the entire ruling elite have blood on their hands .
Even the Democrat Party , which was in government at the time , despite being powerless , failed to condemn or even raise any opposition to the bloodbath .
They were weak and indecisive , as always , but they agreed with the need to “ deal with ” the students and the left .
The October 6 , 1976 , bloodbath resulted in a civil war .
Thousands joined the Communist Party of Thailand to fight against the elites .
Thousands held the monarchy in contempt .
Yet the armed struggle and Maoism were a failure .
The September 19 , 2006 , coup has stimulated the growth of the pro-Democracy Red Shirts .
The monarchy is once again being seriously questioned .
But this time , we have a mass movement in the cities and in the countryside .
It is led by ordinary people and is becoming increasingly politicised .
[ Giles Ji Ungpakorn worked in the faculty of political science , Chulalongkorn University , Bangkok , Thailand .
He was forced to leave Thailand after being charged under Thailand 's anti-democratic les majeste laws .
He is an activist with the socialist Turn Left Thailand group .
Visit http://www.pcpthai.org/ and http://wdpress.blog.co.uk/.]
My experiences in software development ( primarily web development ) , functional programming , and learning of scheme .
This is primarily a technical blog .
Burma has been ruled by its military since 1962 A senior American diplomat has said the US will send what he described as a fact - finding mission to Burma soon .
The US Assistant Secretary of State for East Asia , Kurt Campbell , said the trip would follow up on his talks in New York last month with a Burmese envoy .
That meeting with minister U Thang was the highest US contact with Burma 's military government in nearly a decade .
The West is seeking new ways to promote dialogue between the military junta and the imprisoned democratic opposition .
Mr Campbell said he expected engagement with Burma to be a " long , slow and painful " process .
Tentative steps
He said the American mission would talk to Burma 's military government , representatives of ethnic minorities , and the pro-democracy opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi .
" We intend to go to Burma in the next few weeks for a fact - finding mission , " Mr Campbell told the House Foreign Affairs Committee .
He did not specify who would take part in the trip , but another official said Mr Campbell hoped to go himself but it would depend on whether the junta gives him access to the opposition .
Mr Campbell also said that the dialogue would " supplement rather than replace the sanction regimes that has been at the centre of our Burma policy for many years " .
" We will not judge the success of our effort at pragmatic engagement by the results of a handful of meetings .
Engagement for its own sake is obviously not a goal for US policy , " he said .
The fact - finders ' goal , he said , was to gain a better understanding of the junta , which he described as " a group of men that have self - isolated themselves " .
The military regime has scheduled elections for next year which the opposition National League for Democracy plans to shun .
NLD leader Aung San Suu Kyi was allowed by the junta to meet senior Western diplomats earlier this month for talks focused on the long - standing Western sanctions .
Reports suggest Ms Suu Kyi has softened her views on sanctions in recent times , concluding they are adversely affecting the lives of ordinary Burmese while the military rulers still manage to conduct trade with China and other neighbours .
The junta has kept Ms Suu Kyi under house arrest for most of the past two decades after her National League for Democracy swept elections in 1990 but was barred from taking power .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Dyslexic teacher Edward Vickerman was told he would never have a future in the classroom .
But last night the 26 - year - old proved his critics wrong by winning a national award for the UK 's outstanding new teacher of the year .
Mr Vickerman , head of business at the Freeston Business and Enterprise College in Normanton , west Yorkshire , has never hidden his dyslexia from his pupils .
He gets round any problems by using new technology in lessons rather than communicating by writing .
" I was told I could never be a teacher , so this award is for anyone like me who is dyslexic and wants to teach , " he said .
The colleague who nominated him for the award said : " He is the most talented , exciting and enthusiastic teacher we have ever had , with skills way beyond our expectations . "
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Having struggled at school himself and switched careers – he has a degree in hotel management – Mr Vickerman says he is determined all his pupils should have the opportunity to succeed .
He was one of 11 teachers and one school to pick up " Plato " awards at last night 's ceremony at the Theatre Royal Drury Lane , London .
Other winners included male primary school teacher Steve Mills , deputy head of William Ransom school in Hitchin , Hertfordshire .
Dan Walton , of St John 's Catholic School in Gravesend , Kent , was named secondary school teacher of the year .
The primary school headteacher award went to Angela Palin of St Mellion Church of England school , in Saltash , Cornwall .
The secondary school headteacher award was won by Liz Quinn , of Stourport High School and Sixth - Form Centre , Worcestershire .
Spyros Elia , of Brindishe and Hither Green primary schools in Lewisham , south - east London , won the governor of the year award .
Cells " brings the benefits of component - oriented development to the Ruby on Rails web application platform " , letting you create independent and reusable components that are self contained and can be combined and reused with other cells in your applications .
Building on top of Cells , Apotomo enhances Cells into fully stateful components that offer the same level of abstraction as the well known GUI widgets , meaning that " Apotomo extends Rails with event - driven widgets that know when and how to update themselves " .
So the developer using Apotomo can take advantage of existing JavaScript UI libraries like YUI without the need to write JavaScript or caring about the underlying AJAX calls .
Apotomo widgets can be chained together with events , making the widgets independent of each other and easier to reuse .
InfoQ already covered Cells over a year ago , in the meantime , Cells 1.0 has been released and the work on Apotomo has continued .
InfoQ chatted with Nick Sutterer , the main developer of Cells .
What changes have you made to Cells in the past year since our last interview ?
A bunch of !
As Cells grew with Rails from 1.2.3 to version 2.3 , I learned Ruby !
My better understanding of the language and various forks to steal from resulted in a cleaner and more structured Cells code .
Beside readable code we introduced a simple caching similar to the fragment caching found in Rails views .
It allows Cell views to be cached until an attached versioning method decides to expire it , without loosing the object - oriented features of a Cell instance .
A great help was Michał Łomnicki , who came up with patches and real test cases in his project .
From a user 's perspective Cells became even faster .
I recently increased view lookup speed by 99 % with a stupid memoize pattern .
Behind the scenes more things are going on .
After spending my daytime for a project in an uncomfortable , loud office , I kept working on Apotomo , which is based on Cells and brings stateful components to Rails .
That night - time coding was like a salvation from my tiresome project .
You said the last time that there 's a " noteable interest " in the Rails community .
How is the situation today ?
I would n't talk about statistics here , would I ?
Well , when I started Cells , a handful of programmers shared the problem with Rails ' lack of components with me , now there 's a real « scene » of widget freaks .
Looking at the github watchers for Cells speaks for itself .
We currently got something around 150 coders who want to get informed instantaniously about changes to Cells .
That 's cool , and I love the fact people are interested in this project .
We had about 6 successful merges of forks back to the Cells mainline .
Suddenly there were blog posts popping up in the net , discussing Cells and alternatives like partials with presenters , it 's exciting to read about ideas from other people .
Another indicator for « interest » is the #cells IRC channel .
Everytime I join already 4 - 8 people are lurking around there , from all over the world .
New people keep coming and ask for support or help .
I think the channel is the most important support medium for the project , and it 's fun to meet people there .
Since Cells was born a dozen of companies contacted me telling me about their usage of Cells in real projects , so there are people using it .
Hey , even IBM kicked in , but I 'm still desperately waiting for donations .
Thanks to the MIT license .
A highlight for the project was the talk together with my bro Mike Pence at the RubyConf 2008 in Orlando , Florida .
We had a great time hanging out in Sarasota , preparing the talk , drinking beer and then , showtime !
There were real people , sitting in the audience and listening to our talk .
We had some intense discussions after the talk , and even at the pool party at night I could n't stop babbling about components with Kirk .
Soon after my US trip we released Cells for Rails 2.3 , the official announcement on the Apotomo blog got tweeted by DHH himself and brought up to 500 readers per day .
That was an interesting experience and really demonstrated David 's range .
Wow .
David once contacted us but we never came up with a solution on how to integrate Cells into Rails .
We all like it better as a plugin .
Plugins are a good thing .
I 'm peeking at the Rails 3 code every once in a while .
I 'm a great fan of Yehuda 's refactorings and I really hope the new internal API will open the way for something like Cells .
Everybody needs components .
So right now , I either have to wait till the Rails 3 API gets solid , or I could dive into the new code .
Right now , I 'm concentrating on writing tutorials , articles and improving Apotomo , we will see if the core guys come up with a Cells replacement in Rails 3 .
Do we really need stateful components ?
No .
If you prefer the " brutal linear controlflow " where you either render the complete page at every request , or have some cluttered AJAX - logic in controller , view and maybe even in the model layer of your MVC - stack , then you do n't need components .
Same thing , if you like to establish the complete process environment at every request , you wo n't need statefulness .
Let me quote Mike .
" It 's time to have better toys , the cool kids have it already , so why not take Rails to a further level ? " .
Smalltalkers love Seaside , GUI developers hate the web .
Why not take the best from both worlds and put it on Rails ?
I mean , it 's up to the programmer how much Apotomo he wants in his app , and as soon as he experiences the real power of stateful widgets , he will never return to his fat controllers .
It 's not only the reusability of his components , it 's the better encapsulation , strong test scenarios for small parts of the apps , it 's the event - driven approach , less code and a better development workflow that will convince him that stateful , living widgets are ... cool .
To find out more about Cells , visit the Cells website on RubyForge .
( CNN ) -- NASA said Friday 's rocket and satellite strike on the moon was a success , kicking up enough dust for scientists to determine whether or not there is water on the moon .
An artist 's rendering shows the LCROSS spacecraft , left , separating from its Centaur rocket .
" We have the data we need to actually address the questions we set out to address , " said Anthony Colaprete , principal investigator for the Lunar Crater Observation and Sensing Satellite , or LCROSS , mission .
It will be awhile before all the data from the satellite can be analyzed to determine if there is water on the moon , according to LCROSS project manager Dan Andrews .
Andrews said that " the spacecraft performed beautifully . "
NASA crashed the rocket and a satellite into the moon 's surface on Friday morning in a $ 79 million mission .
NASA televised live images of the LCROSS as it crashed into a crater near the moon 's south pole .
Watch as NASA reacts to " successful " crash »
Minutes before its impact , the satellite guided a rocket into the Cabeus crater in an effort to kick up enough dust to help the LCROSS find whether there is any water in the moon 's soil .
The Centaur upper - stage rocket impacted the moon shortly after 7:30 a.m. ET , and the satellite followed it four minutes later .
The LCROSS carried spectrometers , near - infrared cameras , a visible camera and a visible radiometer to help NASA scientists analyze the resulting plumes of dust -- more than 250 metric tons ' worth -- for water vapor .
But immediate NASA images of the crash produced no sign of the plumes , which were expected to rise six kilometers from the moon 's surface , said John Marmie , LCROSS deputy project manager .
" Everyone was like , ' What 's happening here ? ' " Marmie said .
" But that does n't mean we do n't have good data there . "
Observatories on Earth did confirm they saw plumes after the crashes , Marmie said .
Watch as a mission official explains the importance of finding water »
The orbiting Hubble Space Telescope and NASA 's Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter photographed the impacts .
Meanwhile , hundreds of telescopes on Earth focused on the moon , hoping to catch a glimpse of two plumes .
The Cabeus crater lies in permanent shadow , making observations inside the crater difficult .
NASA Deputy Administrator Lori Garver , who watched at a public event at the Newseum in Washington , noted the great interest in the NASA mission .
" We had families ... literally coming in off the street " to watch , Garver said on NASA TV .
iReport : Did you watch ?
NASA had encouraged amateur astronomers to join the watch parties .
" We expect the debris plumes to be visible through midsized backyard telescopes -- 10 inches and larger , " said Brian Day at NASA 's Ames Research Center at Moffett Field , California , before the strike .
Day is an amateur astronomer who is leading education and public outreach for the LCROSS mission .
Ames -- which led the mission -- hosted an all - night event featuring music and food before the broadcast of NASA 's live transmission of the lunar impact .
Other science observatories and amateur astronomy clubs across the country hosted similar events .
Watch CNN 's Jeanne Moos ask if lunacy is behind the moon " bombing " »
" The initial explosions will probably be hidden behind crater walls , but the plumes will rise high enough above the crater 's rim to be seen from Earth , " Day said .
Data from previous space missions have revealed trace amounts of water in lunar soil .
The LCROSS mission seeks a definitive answer to the question of how much water is present .
NASA has said it believes water on the moon could be a valuable resource in the agency 's quest to explore the solar system .
LCROSS launched with the Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter aboard an Atlas V rocket from Cape Canaveral , Florida , on June 18 .
All About NASA • Unmanned Space Exploration
October 08 , 2009 C- SPAN .
Rep. Alan Grayson has a few words for both Democrats and Republicans on health care reform .
America cares about the fact that if you have a pre-existing condition even if you have health insurance , it 's not covered .
America cares about that a lot .
America cares about the fact that you can get all the health care you need as long as you do n't need any .
America cares about that a lot .
What America cares about is this .
There are over one million Americans who go broke every single year trying to pay their health care bill .
America cares a lot about that .
America cares about the fact that there are forty four thousand seven hundred eighty Americans who die every single year on account of not having health care .
That 's a hundred and twenty two every day .
America sure cares a lot about that .
What America wants is health care reform .
America does n't care if it gets fifty one votes in the Senate or sixty votes in the Senate , or eighty three votes in the Senate -- in fact America does n't even care about that .
It does n't care about that at all .
Grayson : Maddam Speaker I have words for both Democrats and Republicans tonight .
Let 's start with the Democrats .
We as a party have spent the last six months -- the greatest minds of our party dwelling on the question , the unbelievably consuming question of how to get Olympia Snowe to vote for health care reform .
I want to remind us all ...
Olympia Snowe was not elected president last year .
Olympia Snowe has no veto power in the Senate .
Olympia
Snowe represents a state with one half of one percent of America 's population .
But America does not care about procedures , processes , personalities -- America does n't care about that at all .
So we have to remember that as Democrats .
We have to remember that 's what 's at stake here is life and death , enormous amounts of money and people are counting upon us to move ahead .
America understands what 's good for America .
America cares about health care .
America cares about jobs .
America cares about education , about energy independence .
America does not care about process or politicians , or personalities or anything like that .
And I have a few words for my Republican friends as well .
I guess I do have some Republican friends .
Let me say this .
Last week I held up this report here and I pointed out that in America there 's forty four thousand seven hundred eighty nine Americans who die every year according to this Harvard report -- published in a peer reviewed journal -- because they have no health insurance .
That 's an extra forty four thousand seven hundred eighty nine Americans who die , whose lives could be saved -- and their response was to ask me for an apology ... to ask me for an apology .
That 's right ... to ask me for an apology .
Well , I 'm telling you this -- I will not apologize .
I will not apologize .
I will not apologize for a simple reason .
America does n't care about your feelings .
I violated no rules by calling this report to America 's attention .
I think a lot of people did n't know about it before hand .
But America does care about health care in America and if you 're against it , then get out of the way .
Just get out of the way .
You can lead .
You can follow -- or you can get out of the way .
And I 'm telling you now to get out of the way .
America understands that there 's one party in this country that 's in favor of health care reform and one party that 's against it and they know why .
They understand if Barack Obama were somehow able to cure hunger in the world , the Republicans would blame him for over - population .
They understand that if Barack obama could somehow bring about world peace , they 'd blame him for destroying the defense industry .
In fact they understand that if Barack Obama has a BLT sandwich tomorrow for lunch , they will try to ban bacon .
But that 's not what America wants .
America wants solutions to its problems and that begins with health care .
And that 's what I 'm speaking for tonight .
He added : " The people who simply just pick up everything and run with it – steal our stories , we say they steal our stories - they just take them .
That 's Google , that 's Microsoft , that 's Ask.com , a whole lot of people ... they should n't have had it free all the time , and I think we 've been asleep . "
NEW YORK ( CNN ) --
Twelve - year - old Francisca Abreu was anxious .
It was February 20 , 2007 , and she laid her head down on her desk in her seventh - grade science class .
Trapped between two worlds , Francisca Abreu became depressed .
At 12 , she says she wanted to kill herself .
" I was crying ; I was very depressed .
I had written a note to myself , " Francisca remembers .
" I just said I can't do this anymore .
I want to kill myself . "
Francisca 's school called home , and her mother , Isabel Valdez , learned for the first time that her daughter was in serious trouble .
" I never told her , " says Francisca .
" I never bothered her ; she probably never bothered to notice . "
Such a disconnect between mothers and daughters is what Dr. Luis Zayas , a psychologist at Washington University , suspects is leading an alarming number of Latina teenagers to want to end their lives .
One out of every seven Latina teens , or 14 percent , attempts suicide according to a 2007 Centers for Disease Control and Prevention survey of high school students .
And Latina high school students have higher attempted suicide rates than white non-Hispanic ( 7.7 percent ) or black non-Hispanic ( 9.9 percent ) girls their age , the CDC reports .
Zayas has spent the last 25 years trying to find out why .
He says the typical Latina teen who attempts suicide is 14 or 15 , the daughter of immigrant parents , lives in a low - income setting and is caught in an intense battle with her mother over Latino and American cultures .
Research conducted by Zayas has found the girls ' parents hold strictly to traditional Latino values , while teens who grow up in America learn " very different models about what girls should do , can do and are permitted to do . "
' Latino in America '
The Latino population is set to nearly triple by 2050 .
CNN 's Soledad O'Brien journeys into the homes and hearts of a group destined to change the U.S .
Wednesday & Thursday , 9 p.m. ET see full schedule »
Zayas is nearing completion of a five - year study of more than 200 Latina teenagers who live in New York City .
More than half of those studied have attempted suicide , including Francisca Abreu , who is now 15 .
Francisca talks about falling into a deep depression »
In 1997 , Francisca 's mother , Isabel , left the Dominican Republic for the promise of work in the United States .
Desperate to find a better life for her three children -- she left them behind .
Francisca , who was 3 at the time , says she was devastated .
" I used to tell her , you always say you 're going to come but you never do .
You always say you 're going to call but you never do , " Francisca says .
" I used to be very depressed because I thought she was n't going to come . "
Four years later , Isabel went back to get Francisca and her brothers to bring them back with her to the United States .
But Francisca says life with her mother in the Bronx was n't what she thought it would be .
Her mother worked three jobs , and Francisca barely saw her .
As she spent time with her new American friends , the distance grew between Francisca and her mother .
When her mother was n't at work , Francisca says they were fighting .
" There are many girls who are well - behaved , " Isabel says .
" But there are others who are on the wrong path .
They like to flirt .
They like hanging out .
They like to stay out late .
These are not the friends I like for my kids . "
Francisca says her mother wanted her to stay home , learn how to cook and clean the house .
She says she was n't allowed to hang out with her friends .
" I did want to do what I want , be outside , not too late , but be outside period .
Be able to go to the pool , regular stuff like other kids , " Francisca recalls .
The conflict between mothers and daughters is what Zayas says is driving many of the Latinas he has studied to the brink .
Francisca reads her poem
" Teenagers have certain freedoms ; they do n't need to consult with their parents to make certain decisions , " Zayas says .
" That 's the culture that 's here , and inserted in that is the Latino family that says the family is much more important than the individual . "
Trapped between two worlds , Francisca says she fell into a deep depression .
" I would cry about my dad , not being with him .
How I missed my country .
How I wish I was n't like this with my mom , or my mom was n't like this with me , " Francisca recalls .
" Like she would n't be mean to me , [ she'd ] tell me mean stuff like ' I wish I could put you back in my belly .
... I wish you were n't born . ' "
Isabel says she remembers a difficult child who would n't open up .
" She would throw things , stomp her feet .
When she got home , all she wanted to do was sleep .
She did n't talk and was rude to her brothers and me , " Isabel says .
" Maybe I was n't very understanding with her .
I do n't know . "
Trying to escape the pain , Francisca made a desperate choice and decided to take some of her mother 's pills .
" I was tired of being another burden in my mom's life , " Francisca says .
But the pain did n't go away .
A year later , Francisca was admitted to a psychiatric hospital after a teacher found the note she wrote at school .
Three days later she was released and started counseling .
Several weeks later , Francisca met 15 - year - old Xavier Cardona at school .
She says their connection was instant .
" The first time we were ever together , he hugged me , and I felt like , ' Oh my God , that felt so good . '
I felt so safe , I felt secure , " Francisca says .
" It felt good to have someone hug you that way with such meaning . "
Breaking all her mother 's rules , she skipped school to spend time with Xavier .
Then , two days after her 14th birthday , Francisca came home with devastating news -- she was pregnant .
" I felt like I was going to die , " Isabel remembers .
" I was embarrassed when it came to the rest of the family .
What were they going to say ?
That I was the one who did n't take care of her ? "
In November , Francisca gave birth to a baby girl .
She named her daughter Destiny , and slowly she says she began to understand her mother better .
" All she did was be a good mother , sacrifice her life for us , " Francisca says .
" That 's all she did . "
Today with the help of therapy , Francisca says she 's learning to cope with her depression .
In June , she shared her experiences about growing up Latina at a fundraising gala for her counseling center .
Before hundreds of people , she thanked her mother .
" I came to this country not knowing the language , the people or how it is here , " Francisca told them .
" But at the end of the day , my mom was my biggest support . "
Francisca says she now understands her mother , and Isabel says she understands the struggles of growing up Latina in America .
" At least now she knows I tried to do the best I could , " Isabel says .
" Times change .
My times are different from hers , and I have to understand that . "
All About Hispanic and Latino Issues • Depression • Mental and Emotional Well - Being
The show was part of the Body Image series of BBC Three
The BBC Trust has rejected a complaint about images of full - frontal male genitalia in a BBC Three documentary .
The BBC 's regulatory body said the show had not breached the broadcaster 's guidelines on harm and offence .
It followed a complaint the show was " inappropriate " as it could have been seen by children and was " gratuitous " and " excessive " .
The Trust said while it contained challenging material there was a clear editorial purpose for it .
My Penis and Everyone Else 's was originally broadcast in September 2007 .
It was billed as " challenging society 's stereotypes of masculinity as well as getting to the heart of why men are so fixated with their members . "
The BBC Trust 's complaints committee ruled that the show had been editorially justified and that the scheduling and pre-programme information had been appropriate for the content .
Quotations by Author
Mahatma Gandhi ( 1869 - 1948 )
Indian political and spiritual leader [ more author details ]
Showing quotations 1 to 20 of 27 total Next Page ->
Showing quotations 1 to 20 of 27 total Next Page ->
Browse our complete list of 3444 authors by last name :
NewsAlert
Sign up for our NewsAlert service and have the latest news in astronomy and space e-mailed direct to your desktop .
Enter your e-mail address :
Privacy note : your e-mail address will not be used for any other purpose .
Martian meteorite surrenders new secrets of possible life
BY CRAIG COVAULT
SPACEFLIGHT NOW
Posted : November 24 , 2009
Compelling new data that chemical and fossil evidence of ancient microbial life on Mars was carried to Earth in a Martian meteorite is being elevated to a higher plane by the same NASA team which made the initial discovery 13 years ago .
Sources tell Spaceflight
Now that the new data are providing a powerful new case for the Allen Hills Meteorite to have carried strong evidence of Martian life to Earth -- evidence that is increasingly standing up to scrutiny as new analytical tools are used to examine the specimen .
Credit : NASA
The latest findings are the product of new research using more advanced High Resolution Electron Microscopy than was in existence when the initial findings were made and announced by NASA and the White House in 1996 .
Those laboratory sensors are being focused directly on carbonate discs and associated tiny magnetite crystals present inside the meteorite Allen Hills ALH 84001 .
Sources tell Spaceflight
Now that the more detailed data on magnetite crystals and carbonate discs now available largely counter a wide range of opposing theories as to why the finding should not be supported as biological in origin .
Now , 13 years after the Martian meteorite life story emerged , the science team finally feels vindicated .
Their data shows the meteorite is no smoking gun but is full of evidence that supports the existence of life on the surface of Mars , or in subsurface water pools , early in the planet 's history .
The new data are expected to be addressed publicly within days by NASA Headquarters in Washington , where they could become part of the political debate on future NASA mission directions .
The Allen Hills Meteorite .
Credit : NASA
The findings have already emerged within the scientific community in the form of an extremely detailed 46 - page paper provided to Spaceflight Now on new Mars life findings .
The document is part of the November issue of the respected journal Geochimica et Cosmochimica Acta , the journal of the Geochemical and Meteoritic Society .
Its authors are Kathie Thomas - Keprta , Simon Clement , David McKay ( who led the original team ) , Everett Gibson and Susan Wentworth , all of the Johnson Space Center .
Keprta is the principal author .
Although led by a Johnson Space Center team , the additional evidence for Martian life in the Allen Hills meteorite has been an open topic for the last several weeks in astrobiology division halls at the NASA Ames Research Center near San Francisco and at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory , Pasadena .
It 's hot news .
The new work centers on so - called magnetic bacteria that on Earth , and apparently Mars as well , leave distinctively - shaped remnants in the rock .
In addition the features test with a high chemical purity more like a biological feature than geological .
These are just like the magnetite - related life forms found in the meteorite believed to represent Martian life forms , says Dr. Dennis Bazylinski , who peer reviewed the new findings .
He also studies such Earth life forms in his laboratory at the University of Nevada at Las Vegas .
" I think the paper is really excellent .
I have no trouble with the paper , " Bazylinski told Spaceflight Now .
" I work on magnetic bacteria , and one indication there was life on ancient Mars are these particular magnetite crystals in the meteorite that look like they came out of magnetic bacteria .
At first [ when the data was reported in 1996 ] , I thought there might have been an error .
I have no doubt about that now .
I know there is no error , " Bazylinski stressed .
" The big question is can these things [ magnetite crystals ] be reliable magneto fossils , and that is a matter of debate .
" But it turns out that the magnetic bacteria make some very unique shapes of magnetite crystals .
And one of the organisms we work with on Earth makes particles that look virtually identical to what we see from Mars in the meteorite . "
Scientists say micro-fossils of bacteria are nested with tiny crystal magnetites that provide additional evidence for life .
Credit : NASA
Another noted researcher in this field who has peer reviewed the new paper , and is supportive of the findings , is Dr. Joseph L. Kirschvink of CalTech .
Unfortunately , as the new information was about to be announced by NASA , he was on a freighter hoping to survive a crossing the treacherous Drake Passage between Cape Horn and Antarctica , where he will do studies during the Antarctic summer .
But posted on his Web site is a message about the Allen Hill Meteorite work : " One of the most interesting debates involving magneto fossils concerns their use by Dave McKay [ and the Mars meteorite team ] as biomarkers in the ALH84001 Martian meteorite .
" This is clearly the most interesting and innovative use of potential magnetosomes as a biomarker , " said Kirschvink .
For years after the Martian meteorite data were first presented , opponents of the life theory argued that the same shaped features and associated chemical purity was just as likely caused by a thermal / shock event that blasted the material off Mars in the first place .
But research led by Kathie Thomas - Keprta of the original Allen Hills team has now proven the thermal theory is invalid , strengthening the team 's argument that the " magnetic bacteria " features found in the meteorite were indeed formed by biologic activity on Mars and not some non-biologic thermal event .
Although not a smoking gun , the new findings considerably strengthened the Mars life arguments that have been hotly and passionately debated for a decade , given that the discovery of life on Mars is the Holy Grail of science .
The meteorite was blasted off Mars by a different rock that impacted with an oblique angle ( far right ) and launched ejecta skyward .
Credit : NASA
That was made clear in the August 7 , 1996 , comments by President Clinton during the White House announcement of the initial findings , now considerably strengthened by Keprta and the rest of her team after years of hostile criticism .
" It is well worth contemplating how we reached this moment of discovery , " said President Clinton .
" More than 4 billion years ago this piece of rock was formed as a part of the original crust of Mars .
After billions of years , it was blasted from the surface and began a 16 million year journey through space that would end here on Earth .
" It arrived in a meteor shower 13,000 years ago .
And in 1984 , an American scientist on an annual U.S. government mission to search for meteors on Antarctica picked it up and took it to be studied .
Appropriately , it was the first rock to be picked up that year -- rock number 84001 , " said Clinton .
" Today , rock 84001 speaks to us across all those billions of years and millions of miles . "
" It speaks of the possibility of life .
If this discovery is confirmed , it will surely be one of the most stunning insights into our universe that science has ever uncovered .
Its implications are as far - reaching and awe - inspiring as can be imagined .
Even as it promises answers to some of our oldest questions , it poses still others even more fundamental , " Clinton said .
" We will continue to listen closely to what it has to say , " the president said .
That is exactly what the NASA team has done over the last decade .
And the message that is now coming clearer from Allen Hills ALH84001 , 13 years after its initial analysis , is the more you dig into its past the more you will see that past included life on early Mars .
The last census , held in 2001 , was sharply criticised Ministers will invade people 's privacy by asking " intrusive " questions in the census , the Conservatives are claiming .
When the 2011 survey is conducted everyone in the UK will have to answer the questions or face fines .
Details will be sought about the number of bedrooms in people 's homes and information about " overnight visitors " .
The Tories said this would amount to " bedroom snooping " but ministers said all questions would be justified in the public interest .
The census , which is conducted every 10 years , is designed to give an accurate snapshot of demographic and social changes in the UK .
The 2011 survey is set to be carried out on 27 March 2011 .
Officials are planning to introduce new methodology and ask a wider range of questions after the 2001 survey was sharply criticised .
' Invading privacy '
For the first time , people will be asked to provide details of the number of bedrooms they have as well as the names , sex and birth dates of any overnight guests in their homes .
Other new questions include how well people can speak English , the date overseas nationals entered the UK , how people define their national identity and whether they are in civil partnerships .
Those who do not complete the census risk being prosecuted while those giving false answers face being fined .
An increasingly invasive and intrusive census will erode public support
Nick Hurd
Shadow Cabinet Office minister
The Conservatives said the nature of the some of the questions amounted to a breach of privacy .
" An increasingly invasive and intrusive census will erode public support , cost more and result in a less accurate survey , " said shadow Cabinet Office minister Nick Hurd .
" These ' bedroom snoopers ' are yet another sign of how the Labour government has no respect for the privacy of law - abiding citizens . "
The details of the census must be approved by Parliament in advance .
The Office for National Statistics has published a list of specimen questions and said it does not expect any major changes to them .
Ministers have said the questions were decided following extensive consultation and take into account the importance of the information requested as well as whether it was acceptable to ask for it .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The Saturday - night passage of the House health reform bill has left a bad taste in the mouths of reproductive - rights advocates .
They 're opposed to the last - minute addition of a controversial amendment that specifically prohibits abortion coverage in plans funded by the federal government .
In an E - mail sent out about an hour before the reform bill passed , Planned Parenthood President Cecile Richards called the amendment " an unacceptable addition to the healthcare reform bill that , if enacted , would result in women losing health benefits they have today . "
Nancy Keenan , president of NARAL Pro-Choice America , called the amendment " anti-choice " and vowed to fight to remove this provision from the final version of any health reform bill .
Video : Health Insurance Basics ( HealthiNation )
Both advocacy groups claim that women will lose their access to abortion coverage in private insurance plans that offer it .
The procedure is now covered for most insured women , though not for Medicaid recipients or those employed by the federal government .
That 's because federal law — under the Hyde amendment — already prohibits taxpayer funds from being used to finance abortions .
The new amendment put forth by Democratic Rep. Bart Stupak of Michigan and GOP Rep .
Joe Pitts of Pennsylvania does n't allow abortion coverage in the public plan option except in the case of rape or incest or to save the life of the mother .
It also does n't allow private insurance plans that participate in the health insurance exchange to provide abortion coverage — at least to those 80 percent of folks who will qualify for affordability tax credits .
( These insurance plans can , however , still offer abortion coverage for policies that are n't government funded , such as those offered by employers in the private sector . )
Richards claims the House bill will alter the status quo by restricting " women 's access to abortion coverage in the private health insurance market , undermining the ability of women to purchase private health plans that cover abortion , even if they pay for most of the premiums with their own money .
This amendment reaches much further than the Hyde Amendment . "
Whether the status quo would truly be altered , however , is up for debate , since there 's nothing in the health reform bill that stops private insurance plans from offering abortion coverage outside of the exchange .
That means those of us getting coverage from our employers probably wo n't see a change in our plans ' coverage of abortions .
As I previously reported , an estimated 46 to 87 percent of employer insurance plans currently provide abortion coverage , according to two recent surveys .
While the Stupak - Pitts amendment does allow women who want abortion coverage to purchase a separate rider along with their insurance policy , Richards says these riders are " discriminatory and illogical " since " women do not plan to have unintended pregnancies or medically complicated pregnancies that require ending the pregnancy . "
The National Women 's Law Center has found that while five states already require separate riders for abortion coverage , the riders do n't appear to exist in any insurance plans , public or private , that are offered in these states .
Thus , none of the women in these states — North Dakota , Kentucky , Idaho , Oklahoma , and Missouri — appear to have plans that cover abortions .
It 's not clear yet whether the Senate health reform bill , which is still being drafted , will contain a similar abortion amendment .
[ Details on abortion coverage in the Baucus bill . ]
Reproductive - rights activists have vowed to wage a fight against any such amendment and are making their opposition known to senators and President Obama .
The president declined to address abortion coverage when hailing the passage of health reform in the Rose Garden on Sunday , but that may change if the battle continues to heat up .
Planned Parenthood spokesperson Tait Sye told me via E- mail , " We are going to work with and meet with anyone and everyone to try and get this provision out . "
Of course , the antiabortion groups will be working just as hard to keep the provision in .
What do you think ?
Should the current restrictions on abortion coverage remain in the final healthcare bill ?
Answer the poll below .
This poll is now closed , but the debate continues in the comments section .
Do you support the abortion coverage amendment added to the House health reform bill ?
Yes No Undecided View Results
Ok , it 's time to get serious about HOLIDAY SHIPPING DEADLINES for the ASW TopatoCo shop !
Deadline for USPS International Priority shippingDeadline for USPS International Express and Domestic ( US ) First Class and Priority shipping Deadline for USPS Domestic Express shippingGet to orderin ' !
We 've had to cancel our Dublin stop , which sucks .
But the airline lost a whole box of books , leaving us with nothing at all after London and Edinburgh .
I think we 'll come back in the new year sometime , though !
I still really hope to do a wider UK tour and some Irish stops .
I like it here .
3 evil clowns : Sessions , Kyl , McConnell
Committee Chairman Patrick J. Leahy , D - Vt. , issued a statement noting that the pace of judicial confirmations this year is much slower than during President George W. Bush ’s first year in office in 2001 .
The Senate has confirmed just one of Obama ’s [ 23 ] appeals court nominees and one of his district court nominees .
By contrast , Leahy said , the Senate by October 2001 had confirmed eight of Bush ’s nominees , including four circuit court picks .
The campaign circulated a letter over the signature of former Lieutenant Governor Margaret Farrow alleging that Justice Butler had provided the deciding vote in a sexual predator criminal case that resulted in the " release of the predator into Milwaukee County . "
That allegation proved to be unquestionably false .
Later , the Gableman campaign ran a disgraceful , deliberately misleading ad cast in an offensive , race - baiting style to negatively attack Justice Butler 's role as a former public defender .
The ad again falsely suggested that a dangerous criminal was released as a result of Justice Butler 's work and asked if Wisconsin families are safe with Justice Butler on the court .
While that ad was widely seen as a new low for Wisconsin Supreme Court election activities , several third - party groups released a blizzard of mostly negative ads that virtually defined the election process for most ( potential ) voters .
On behalf of the undersigned organizations , we seek your cooperation in eliminating the troubling backlog of judicial and executive branch nominees that exists to date in the 111th Congress .
The obstruction of many of President Obama 's nominees through filibuster threats and anonymous " holds " is hindering the important work of our judicial and executive branches of government and threatening any prospect of bipartisan cooperation on many pressing national issues important to all Americans .
Since his inauguration , President Obama has nominated 18 individuals to serve as Article III judges .
Yet , only one judge in addition to Justice Sonia Sotomayor has been confirmed .
While we recognize the time and energy required to confirm a Supreme Court nominee , it is time for the Senate to move forward without delay on the growing backlog of lower court nominees who have been cleared by the Judiciary Committee .
President Obama has worked with the Senate on a bipartisan basis to select extraordinarily well - qualified judicial nominees who could easily be confirmed by widespread margins and begin serving the public , if brought to a vote before the full Senate .
In addition , a significant number of nominees to positions in the President 's Administration , including high - level positions in the Department of Justice , have not yet been confirmed .
Obstructing important executive branch nominees through filibusters or anonymous holds frustrates the legitimate business of government .
This obstruction grows increasingly problematic as we approach the ninth month of President Obama 's administration .
We are particularly troubled , for example , by the refusal to allow Professor Dawn Johnsen 's nomination to the Office of Legal Counsel ( OLC ) within the Department of Justice to receive an up - or - down vote before the full Senate .
Professor Johnsen has already served with distinction in the OLC , and is undoubtedly well - qualified for the position .
Her nomination was approved by the Senate Judiciary Committee in March .
The OLC plays a highly important role within the Administration , and the failure to confirm the President 's nominee to lead the office prevents the OLC from providing crucial legal advice on a wide range of issues currently confronting our nation .
You may have noticed that the senatorial obstructionist bloc , also known as the Senate Republican Party Caucus , has been blocking all of President Obama 's judicial nominations .
Party whip Jon Kyl bragged that he intended to do exactly that even before President Obama was inaugurated .
Yesterdaypointed to the case of a Dianne Feinstein recommendation to the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California , Edward Chen , who every single Republican on the Judiciary Committee voted against .
The ranking Republican on the committee , Jeff Sessions ( AL ) , who is also the Senate 's top Ku Klux Klan rep and an unabashed racist , said he 's worried Chen would " allow his personal views to influence his rulings unduly , " exactly what he said when he voted against Sonia Sotomayor .
And , backing him up ( again ) was Texas racist John Cornyn .
Chen , a magistrate judge since 2001 , would be the first Asian - American to serve on California ’s northern district bench if the Republicans stop blocking the nomination .
Feinstein reacted angrily to Republican obstructionism : “ I do n’t believe there ’s a spot , a blemish , a wart on his record as a magistrate judge .
" Led by a blatant and unrepentant racist like Sessions -- whose vile racism led to his own failure to be confirmed to a judicial nomination -- the Republicans are just blocking all non-whites who get nominated , although " some Democrats attribute that GOP success partly to the administration 's reluctance to fight , arguing that Obama 's emphasis on easing partisan rancor over judgeships has backfired and only emboldened Senate Republicans . "
Another example of their racist obstructionism is against respected former Wisconsin Supreme Court Judge , Louis Butler who President Obama nominated to the District Court in Madison at the request of both Wisconsin's U.S. senators , Herb Kohl and Russ Feingold .
Judges are confirmed -- or , these days , stonewalled -- in the Senate but opposition to Judge Butler , who was the first African - American to sit on his state 's Supreme Court , is being led by a bigoted slob Rep. , Jim Sensebrenner .
Sensenbrenner , whose suburban Milwaukee district is 95 % white , keeps whining about how Butler lost a statewide election .
What he neglects to mention is that it was an unprecedented vicious campaign against a sitting judge by racially motivated bigots like himself who poured immense amounts of money into a messaging machine that did nothing but spread malicious and unfounded lies about him for months .
Butler 's opponent , a right - wing hack named Gableman " turned his campaign over to political operatives who apparently had honed their " slash and burn " political skills over the years in bitter executive and legislative branch election campaigns .
" Using the standard obstructionist talking points , Sensebrenner called the nomination " another example of the mismanaged way Washington is working under President Obama . "
Sensenbrenner 's was the only district in Wisconsin that did n't vote for Obama last year .
The obstructionist congressman did n't have an electoral opponent .
Sensenbrenner is n't the real problem , though -- other than in this one Wisconsin case .
The real problem is premeditated GOP obstructionism which is being orchestrated by Miss McConnell and Jon Kyl .
Last month the nonpartisan Leadership Conference on Civil Rights , on behalf of dozens of organizations concerned by the stonewalling of judicial nominations , sent a letter to McConnell asking him to end the partisan monkey business and to start thinking about the country for a change .
They urged McConnell to work in a bipartisan manner with Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid .
McConnell , of course , has ignored their entreaties .
The kinds of judges Sessions and McConnell want nominated are ones like Louisiana Justice of the Peace Keith Bardwell in Tangipahoa Parish , someone more like themselves , as Ken demonstrated last night .
Yesterday Bardwell denied a marriage license to a racially mixed couple , each over 30 .
Like Sessions , Bardwell claims -- with a straight face -- to not be a racist .
I thought this might be as good a time as any to re-listen to Nanci Griffith 's groundbreaking title track from her latest album The Loving Kind
Labels : Jeff Sessions , Obama 's judicial nominees , obstructionist Republicans
Mr Huntley first travelled to Canada on a six - month work permit in 2004 to work as a carnival attendant .
He returned to South Africa and then went back to work in Canada in 2005 for a year and stayed illegally for an additional year until he made a refugee claim in April 2008 .
In pro team sports , players are given a uniform and little discretion on what else they can wear .
The NFL is notorious for harshly enforcing its stringent dress code .
If you wear the wrong color shoes or if your uniform becomes untucked for too long , be prepared to be fined on Monday morning .
There ’s simply little room for style in the apparel .
One major exception is hockey , where goaltenders can design their own masks .
One can choose a cool design , a favorite character , or simply an homage to the home team ’s city and place it on your mask .
Below for your perusal is a gallery of some of our favorite goalie masks from various levels of Hockey .
Advertisements
On his radio show today Rush Limbaugh accused President Barack Obama of trying to hijack Thanksgiving week by holding a state dinner two days before the holiday .
Limbaugh asked , “ Has any president ever tried to hijack Thanksgiving week with a state dinner two days before Thanksgiving ? ”
Here is the audio courtesy of Media Matters :
Advertisements
Limbaugh said , “ I have another question , and this question is going to irritate some people which is why I am asking it .
Have you ever , do you ever remember a big White House state dinner during Thanksgiving week , a uniquely American holiday .
Do you remember , has any president ever tried to hijack Thanksgiving week with a state dinner two days before Thanksgiving .
I ’m surprised he did n’t do it on Wednesday night , or Thursday night .
The Indian prime minister must have to get back home and deal with the nukes in Pakistan . ”
Since when did the entire week of Thanksgiving become a holiday ?
The only holiday on the calendar is on Thursday , so how is Obama hijacking Thanksgiving by intentionally holding a state dinner two days before the holiday ?
Limbaugh ’s not so subtle point is that Obama is not an American because he is daring to do his job on Thanksgiving week .
I suppose that a real American president would display his leadership by already being at his ranch in Crawford clearing brush and pretending to be a cowboy .
I guess real American presidents are n’t supposed to stay in Washington and do their job .
Notice the use of the loaded word hijack .
Who hijacks ?
Terrorists hijack .
Limbaugh is not only questioning Obama ’s patriotism , but also comparing him to a terrorist .
Limbaugh is trying to expand the right wing ’s war on Christmas to include Thanksgiving , because how else can liberals ever capture Christmas if they do n’t win Thanksgiving first .
As far as Thanksgiving being a uniquely American holiday goes , somebody better tell Canada because they celebrate Thanksgiving too .
Ciudad de M�xico | Lunes 30 de noviembre de 2009
Johana Robles | El Universal
11:47
Esta ma�ana Juanito ya en el sal�n de delegado del edificio de la demarcaci�n reiter � que �l gan� la elecci�n .
" Juanito no traicion � a nadie , est� cumpliendo a la gente de Iztapalapa " .
Rafael Acosta inform � que a partir de ma�ana iniciar� con los nombramientos de los nuevos funcionarios , pero ser� el pr�ximo mi�rcoles cuando los presente formalmente .
Asegur� que Clara Brugada , todav�a directora general de Jur�dico y Gobierno , ya no estar� en el gabinete .
Con la ayuda de un cerrajero , y la presencia de un notario p�blico y funcionarios de la Contralor�a General , Rafael Acosta ingres� a la oficina , donde hasta hace dos d�as despachaba Clara Brugada .
Mientras , en la explanada del Jard�n Cuitl�huac , hay una concentraci�n de simpatizantes de Clara Brugada , quienes protestan por lo que consideran toma de instalaciones por parte de Juanito .
�
mma / sc
What in the world are we doing by continuing to allow our representatives in government to further dominate our lives .
They are taking us down the road toward more government control day by day with the blessings of the administration , the very thing we have been fighting against as a free people .
The lazy minority in our society has found someone to help them steal from the hard working Americans who have built this County .
When a Majority of the house of representatives manages to pass a bill with 1990 pages of more government intrusion into every Americans life along with gleeful cheering of their accomplishment was sickening !
We are suppose to believe in the face of hundreds of failed government programs , past and present , that this one is the most beneficial to all Americans ever proposed ?
How can anyone say with a straight face , “ they believe National Health Care ran by appointed administrators , will successfully carryout the regulations of this gigantic trillion dollar plan ” and with no impact on our current deficit ?
It is ridiculous , and full of obvious miscalculations and deception .
The Representatives who voted for this sham are not even close to being in touch with reality .
They seem to be immune from reality , and despite the Congressional Budget Office warnings of miscalculations , they ignored any form of caution and followed each other right over the cliff .
What possible end can come of this , but to burden the American public with yet more Federal intervention , fowl play , corruption , inefficiency , and debt ?
To begin with Health Care in America was not even a priority with American working families .
Unemployment , housing market , and financial institutions were all the target for improvement at the beginning of 2009 .
Health Care was a figment of the Administrations imagination .
The biggest problem in health care that needs attention was and is , tort reform , reducing the cost of care and premiums , and making Medicare and Medicaid more efficient !
Far from a trillion dollar , government dominated , Health Care Plan .
If Congress would just use their valuable time to do the right thing for Americans by ( 1 ) investigating inefficiency in Medicaid and Medicare , ( 2 ) working with small businesses toward employment incentives , ( 3 ) tightening mortgage and lending laws rather than weakening them , and ( 4 ) tort reform in medical cases at least , this giant headache they are responsible for just might begin to ease !
The President himself has clearly stated , “ All Americans will have health care with this plan and those without who have the ability to purchase a plan and do not , will be fined ” .
So much again for the freedom of choice .
You may choose not to participate , but not without it costing you .
Government is NOT the answer to solving America 's problems , it 's America 's people who solve them !
This little representative we each send to Congress was sent to look after our interests , not theirs .
Somehow we lose them to special interests , and they quickly learn how to manipulate priorities to look like our benefits while they pay them back .
I know this is not new , but it is so transparent these days , it just adds to the many frustrations .
All I see when looking on both sides of the isle in the house is a bunch of self - serving individuals !
If you do n't believe this , it was reported that one California congressman gave his vote to National Health Care in trade for a school project in his district .
How many others , of the 220 votes in favor of the bill were bought ?
If a woman does this we call it prostitution .
It could be easily said that the one trillion dollar health care bill was passed by a 5 vote margin via , “ quid pro quo ” .
Saving us from ourselves once again .
Now comes the Senate , and of the few Senators interviewed over the past few weeks , the bill will be , ” dead on arrival ” and Majority leader , Harry Reid , bless his sole , last week said the bill will be heard by the Senate before Thanksgiving .
And the sure footed , straight forward Senator today said , “ we will not be hurried by time constraints ” they say so many contradictions and get away with them , it becomes a way of life .
Only
Fox news picks this stuff up , you never hear it on Network , in fact it 's now commonly accepted that network news is nothing more than spokesmen for Obama .
So we are now left with a complete watered down version of national health care , only because
It simply wo n't die a natural death and only to save face for those who work so hard to get it passed in full .
Once passed in a diluted form and unworkable the blame can easily be placed as a right wing failure .
All the time and money wasted on this could have been put to much better use if fixing the economy was top priority by this administration in the first place .
To make matters worse we are saddled with thousands of clunkers stored in fields , a trillion dollar stimulus bill for shovel ready jobs , passed 6 months ago , promising immediate results , and a damn “ Cap and Trade ” fiasco to satisfy the green Gore group , to save us further from ourselves .
The question is always hounding me , why is all this necessary now ?
“ It is the Economy stupid ” , a phrase so often used has been unsaid by mainstream media .
This uneasy feeling that , CHANGE , meant allowing much more government in our lives , is the framework of the Obama administration which was not translated by working Americans from what we heard in his campaign .
In fact reducing freedom of choice is in every single plan past and present proposed by this administration .
We are faced with control of most every aspect of our life by the Government if this Administration pursues the CHANGE we see .
More waste , more inefficiency and less choices , can lead us only to accept the fact that there is more than one enemy among us , besides the Muslim extremist , if your wish is to remain , ” A FREE AMERICAN CITIZEN ” .
Memphis , Tennessee lives way outside any law .
Black , Hispanic , and neo - Nazi street gangs control neighborhoods throughout the city with no cops allowed in , not that most people would want them around .
The downtown area has a higher concentration of deranged homeless than yuppie condo dwellers , crack pipes are sold next to the cash register in gas stations and nobody flinched earlier this year when a car bomb went off across the river .
Last January , Apple CEO Steve Jobs , one of America ’s leading vampires , flapped into town and roosted on a house in a very gated , old - colonial neighborhood within the Memphis city limits .
Despite a lifestyle sometimes closer to Kinshasa than Kansas , there are still a few pockets of neighborhoods around the city where rich folks are n’t afraid to say they ’re from , with a few qualifications and explanations of course .
These are largely people who , for whatever reason , did n’t bail to the sprawling suburbs during white flight and who now mostly employ 24/7 security staffs .
These neighborhoods have always reminded me of the Frenchmen in Apocalypse Now , REDUX still claiming their land and wanting their colonies back .
Hey , at least there ’s a certain pride in that .
But , that seems to be the only prideful action anywhere here or in the rest of the States from what I can tell .
The sickly Jobs owned that house long enough for him to become a Tennessee resident where the waiting list for a liver transplant is 48 days compared to over 300 on average in the rest of the country .
He needed that liver , and he needed it now ; and there just are n’t enough organs available in the promised land of California where he made his billions .
He had to cross over into the land of the desperate , delusional and impoverished – the South , a land so poor that it now gets manufacturing jobs that used to be outsourced to Mexico and the Pacific rim of Asia .
Need a liver ?
Buy this house .
Steve Jobs did
For me , the first thought that came to mind was the marginally popular play Harvest by Manjula Padmanabhan that any post - colonial student from the past few years probably has read .
In that play , rich Westerners exploit the hopeless , option - less existences of below - the - equator brown people to exchange a few months of relative , subaltern comfort for the promise to give all their body parts away to the living dead rich of the first world who need them to ensure the continued survival of their species , as they have forsaken sex and reproduction for fear of having to share their wealth with subsequent generations ( sound familiar ? ) .
It seems Ms. Padmanabhan got the concept right but her geography and pathetically susceptive cultures wrong as no one around here even batted an eye at an oligarch sweeping into Tennessee like a vampire and sucking up an organ he did n’t earn and did n’t deserve anymore than the next , hopefully still insured , schmuck in line .
Consider the Memphis area reader responses to when the news first broke in the local newspaper .
The majority of readers comments either criticize the newspaper for publishing the address of the house Jobs was squatting in ( and had long since abandoned ) or discuss how great it is for something “ positive ” about Memphis to finally receive play in the media .
Yes , really .
Do n’t get pissed about the oligarch stealing the liver that your next door neighborhood has been rightfully waiting for and needed just as badly as Jobs , get pissed because we now know the location of the cave where the vampire was hanging upside - down from in - between blood sucking sessions .
Memphis slave shack
As if there was any doubt about this sick , corporate , customer - service peasant mentality permeating all matters of public and private discourse , it was confirmed a few days later by what passes for a provincial intelligentsia .
As this just - happy - to - be - here columnist tells us , Memphis should be proud for “ saving ( a life ) ” and for a story that “ had a happy ending . ”
Yea , happy for everyone except the lifelong Tennessee residents and tax payers who had to wait just a little bit longer for that new liver .
He even has the gall to say the Jobs transplant “ highlights one of the best things about our city — its exceptional health care . ”
Do n’t get me wrong , there are some great medical facilities in Memphis , and there are even options for the uninsured ( though I doubt a liver transplant would be one of them ) .
But at the same hospital where Jobs got his transplant , I spent six hours waiting in the emergency room for a neck X - ray after a football injury last fall .
Maybe if I was an oligarch I could have just bought an X - ray machine or , better yet , the non-herniated disks out of some plebe ’s neck .
He probably would have thanked me for the honor and apologized for the inconvenience .
Sure , Jobs had a great time in Memphis , but what about everyone else who lives in this “ city filled with poverty , illiteracy and despair . . . where violent crime is rampant ” ?
It ’s clear now that Americans have reached a level of willful brainwashing that would embarrass North Koreans .
Your average Red State ’r has more in common with homo sovieticus than he does with the image he imagines in the mirror every morning of a ready - and - willing gun wielder and beneficiary of the capitalist freedom that only America could possibly enjoy .
In Harvest , the despondent natives at least raise the moral issues and even make a token resistance to the blood suckers .
Middle America , on the other hand , is happy to give its organs away to the wealthy elite who “ deserve it ” just like the oligarchs who “ deserve ” bailouts , multi-million dollar bonuses and the strings to the American economy and government .
In the U.S.A. ’s sick , wanna - be Soviet , corporate culture , the plebes are just happy to help out and do their part in keeping the vampires healthy enough to keep sucking blood until there ’s no blood left .
With all due respect , Mr. President , I appreciate your attempt to avoid demonizing anybody , even Insurance Executives , as I assume you do so for the sake of decency , President Obama , really , I do .
I understand that it is beneath the office of the President to do so .
I simply disagree with your statement , but with respect , of course .
So I will say it for you .
Not only are insurance execs bad people who do what they do for profit , they are clueless , heartless , greedy bastards who would let you die for a dollar .
That is not just bad , I 'd say it 's evil , but since you can't say that , Mr. President , I will for you .
Insurance Executives are EVIL , greedy , clueless , heartless leeches who would sooner watch your family die than lose a dollar of profit , profits that go to pay their big , fat salaries .
Yesterday in a speech , First Lady Michelle Obama addressed these disparities :
Women are affected because , as we heard , in many states , insurance companies can still discriminate because of gender .
And this is still shocking to me .
These are the kind of facts that still wake me up at night ; that women in this country have been denied coverage because of preexisting conditions like having a C - section or having had a baby .
In some states , it is still legal to deny a woman coverage because she ’s been the victim of domestic violence .
And a recent study showed that 25 - year - old women are charged up to 45 percent more for insurance than 25 - year - old men for the exact same coverage .
And as the age goes up , you get to 40 , that disparity increases to 48 percent — 48 percent difference for women for the exact same coverage in this country ThinkProgress.org
And as for the clueless , money hungry , heartless lizard people who call themselves Health Insurance Executives , the following quoted statement should prove as evidence to the fact that while they live in big mansions and pull down multi-million dollar salaries , they are either clueless to the suffering that they cause to their fellow man We The People , or as their sort calls us the Sans Culottes , OR , they just do n't give a shit , and lie with straight faces .
I am inclined to believe that it is the latter .
A recent Harvard study found that medical debt contributed to 62 percent of U.S. personal bankruptcies in 2007 and that 78 percent of bankruptcy filers burdened by healthcare expenses had health insurance but " still were overwhelmed by their medical debt . "
However these executives — representing United Healthcare Group , Wellpoint , Aetna , Humana , and CIGNA — sat tight lipped as Conyers asked them about the statistics .
" Ever hear of that , " Conyers asked , starring down at the silent executives before him .
" Nobody ’s heard of that , okay , " Coyers observed , somewhat incredulously after a moment of silence , before asking , " if you heard and learned about that , would that cast some concerns on the problems individuals are going through that the largest cause of individual bankruptcies in the United States are due to medical bills that people could n’t afford , you ’d be concerned ? "
Four executives nodded in agreement .
ThinkProgress.org Video Here
Clueless , heartless , detached bastards who live in gated Versailles communities while We The Proletariat must beg for Insurance bread in the streets , and go hungry if we can't afford the blood money .
They are not just bad people , their are frigging evil , whether they know it or not , and it is exactly douchenozzles like these that are dragging our country down to a thrid world / first world status .
If we can't pass a reform that costs them their precious profit , let 's just make this an official serfdom and be done with the notion of shamocracy .
Still , like a fool , I hold out for hopes sake , and continue to fight .
" . . .
Insurance companies are not only encouraged to find reasons to drop the seriously ill , they are rewarded for it .
All of this is in service of meeting what this former executive called " Wall Street 's relentless profit expectations . "
President Obama - 9/9/09
They are rewarded for it , are n't they ?
Insurance Execs get to earn top dollar salaries , live in big expensive mansions while they lobby Congress with the same money that they deny their customers when they get sick and need health insurance .
And they 're about to be rewarded with 40 million + brand new customers .
All for the simple crime of murdering people for money .
What a racket !
Working for an insurance company is better than being a banker as far as white collar crimes go .
Even the bankers can't say " Your money and / or your life " and get away with it .
Hell , it is n't even a crime !
What they do is perfectly legal , somehow .
This sunday we saw President Obama do the talk show rounds .
We heard him make the statement that the Public Option is not dead as it has been widely reported by those who wish it were .
President Obama refuted that , but did n't make the case for why it should not die .
But President Obama DID make the case for why we absolutly MUST mandate that every American has health insurance by law .
I will put it plainly , if we can not pass a reform that does not benefit the reformed first , I WILL be putting my political foot up the electoral ass of every incumbent Democrat that I can .
And I invite you to do the same .
Hell , I 'll BEG you to do it .
Tell your Elected Democratic Congressmen that Private Insurers should NOT be REWARDED for causing this disaster with 40 Million + new customers .
If this Congress WON'T give us a Public Option , if they FORCE us to Buy Crap Insurance from the Crooks that caused this mess , they can COUNT ME OUT of all my help in 2010 and 2012
Call Congress Toll Free at 1 800 828 0498
Please CONTACT your House Representative , you cansearch for their contact information here or call ( 202 ) 225-1904 .
Please CONTACT your Senators , Click Click here to go to the Official Senate webpage where you can find contact information for your Senators
As for President Obama and his statements quoted above , I fully understand why he said what he said .
President Obama wishes to be the better man and show the respect to his office that it deserves .
President Obama CAN NOT say that Insurers are bad people .
But I can . . .
and you can too , and should . .
But do n't tell me , tell your Senators and Representatives , and let them know what you will do if they feed you to he crooks that caused this mess .
As for me , if you 've been reading my diaries lately you 'll know my answer to what should happen if the Dems in Congress force feed us to the private insurers .
Suffice it to say , I am keeping my pitchforks handy , and my torches ready to be lit .
Thank you ,
MoT
Crossposted at The Progressive Electorate.com and Docudharma.com
Have you ever seen an impromptu parade for an animated right - wing personality ?
Want to ?
That ’s precisely the scene which emerged ahead of Glenn Beck ’s book signing in Tampa Bay , Florida on Saturday .
As up to 1,000 fans gathered at a Tampa Bay Borders Books to see the Fox News host , a parade of vehicles began circling the parking lot , adorned with signs bearing vague right - wing slogans , the drivers blaring their horns .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ I do n’t want to say he ’s our savior , but he ’s pretty close , ” said Bob Antoinette , a Beck fan who spoke with MyFox Tampa Bay .
“ I do n’t think he ’s on target .
I think he ’s on bullseye . ”
“ When we drove through and I saw [ the line ] was wrapped around the block , I mean , it ’s …
It ’s a little humbling , ” Beck said .
Another of Beck ’s fans suggested that President Barack Obama “ was n’t vetted ” and that Congress is using emergency powers to push all legislation through .
( They are not . )
Beck enthusaist Patty Blackburn added : “ We do n’t like the White House at this point .
We ’re taking our country back . ”
Beck ’s solution to progressive America : “ He will hold conventions on education issues , the first at the University of Central Florida in March , ” The St. Petersburg Times reported .
“ He plans to develop a 100 - year plan for America , and he will publish a book with action steps called The Plan . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ I am drafting plans now to bring us back to an America that our founders would understand , ” he said before claiming that Americans “ need to start thinking like the Chinese . ”
Speaking to the SPT , Flor Rodriguez , a 71 - year - old Cuban - American , claimed that she has been watching Beck ’s show and growing increasingly fearful that President Obama is doing to America what Fidel Castro did to Cuba .
“ For the young people of this country , I ’m very afraid , ” she said .
“ I never thought I ’d see this happening here . ”
Her sign read , “ If you are not outraged , you are not paying attention , ” according to the report .
ADVERTISEMENT
( To those paying attention to media aside from Beck , the right - wing talker is well known for frequently perpetuating false and misleading claims about the Obama administration , among his many other targets . )
The signing went smoothly until a man began yelling for the crowd to stop watching Fox News , calling their brand of right - wing entertainment “ brainwashing . ”
He was quickly escorted out by police .
ADVERTISEMENT
This video is from MyFox Tampa Bay , broadcast Nov. 21 , 2009 .
This video is from Media Matters , broadcast Nov. 21 , 2009 .
ADVERTISEMENT
David Edwards contributed to this report .
We 've seen the Android Dev Phone 1 for quite some time now and it was essentially a T - Mobile G1 / HTC Dream with some snazzy graphics on the battery cover .
Now , the Android Dev Phone 2 is essentially the myTouch 3G / HTC Magic / Google Ion with the cute Android Robot peering out on the battery cover .
The Android Dev Phone 2 is available for $ 399 and comes unlocked for use with any GSM carrier .
Developers should note that the ADP2 comes with Android 1.6 and not Android 2.0 which can be qualified as a strange move since Android 2.0 is already live and running .
We 're not sure if developers will find a reason to switch over to the ADP2 but the ADP2 does offer 512MB ROM vs the 256MB ROM of the ADP1 .
In any case , since there 's not much difference in the dev phones ( and it 's a device that 's entirely familiar ) , it 's definitely more fun to wonder what the Android Dev Phone 3 will be .
Perhaps the Motorola Milestone ?
[ via androidandme ]
Star Wars : Darth Vader Figure Review
| By
Yes we do still do toy reviews around here , I know , crazy right ?
After a few days away from little plastic men , we jump right back into things with Darth Vader .
However before we get to Vader I want to remind you that tomorrow starts Japanese Monster Week and we ’ve got a ton of Kaiju goodness coming your way all week long .
With that out of the way , let ’s take a look at Anakin Skywalker himself , shall we ?
Prior to George Lucas making the prequels , Darth Vader was probably the biggest badass in the history of badasses .
I ca n’t think of a more ominous character from the late 70 ’s until the late 90’s when Lucas seemed intent on destroying the myth behind the man .
From making Anakin an annoying and pervy kid to making him a loser teen to eventually an ineffective emo , Vader ’s reputation has kinda been sullied in recent years .
I actually did n’t mind the prequels that much , but the damage done to Vader as a character was almost unbearable .
Thankfully the iconic Darth Vader look is still menacing enough that we can almost forget the douchebag who ’s supposedly underneath all that armor .
Seeing as how I have n’t owned a Vader figure since the 1996 Star Wars Kenner toys , I decided to jump on this one when I saw him at TJ Maxx .
I knew he was a few years old , but oddly enough the last few Hasbro Vaders I ’ve seen either had odd articulation or a crappy sculpt .
This one appeared to have decent versions of both , plus he was under $ 4 .
Packaging :
I honestly do n’t remember seeing this style of package before .
Yes , I realize it ’s an older package but I guess it must have been at a time when Star Wars did n’t command so much of the toy aisle because it does n’t look familiar at all .
I ’m sure if you pay a lot of attention to Star Wars figures you recognize these packages , but it seems oddly new and fresh to me .
I like the package pretty well especially the dark colors , the blacks and the overall feel .
It seems like it ’s been ripped right out of deep space .
The newer Star Wars cards are all very bright and colorful , but not so much here .
Plus there is some dark purple accents that really make it look spiffy .
The back of the package shows off the other figures in the series , including a cool Hammerhead I ’ve been wanting to buy for years .
There ’s a little bio kinda deal on Vader and a figure still .
Also as you can see , it reveals what hologram piece you get with the figure .
Mine came with Boba Fett , but I have no idea if he ’s rare or if all Vaders came with that piece .
I ’m guessing the latter .
He ’s also in red and does n’t much look like a hologram , unlike the hologram that came with Clone Wars : 4A - 7
Articulation :
When I saw this guy in the store I noticed that his arms were bent .
I bought him specifically because in the package it looked like he had joints in the arms .
I ’ve noticed a lot the newer Vaders have swivels at the arm and I think that ’s stupid …
Unfortunately when I got this guy out of the package I found out he does indeed have swivels .
These swivels appear better than most though because he ’s able to swivel his arms straight or bent .
It ’s not as good as actual hinge joints would have been , but I guess it ’s alright .
The rest of the articulation is adequate but a little strange .
The ball jointed knees for example appear to be almost a true ball joint , which means he can move his legs both at the top and the bottom .
It ’s an awful lot of articulation for the knees , when I ’d rather had typical hinge knees so we can have hinge elbows .
At least the ball joint would have made sense at the elbows , but I guess they can hide the joint better under the boots .
Sculpt :
The other thing I was drawn to on this figure is the strong sculpt .
You ’d think a likeness such as Darth Vader would be easy to capture as an action figure but in recent years Vader ’s look has come under a lot of scrutiny .
With HD TVs and the internet fans have begun to pick out every little nuance in all the different Vader costumes and toy makers have become obsessed with meeting fan ’s demands to make figures more accurate to screen specific looks .
“ We meet again Yoda . ”
Personally I just want a Vader that looks like Darth Vader , I do n’t care if it ’s Episode IV or V or whatever …
Because of the increased attention to detail we ’ve actually seen Vaders come out that look worse , IMO .
Some of the figures have giant helmets , others have odd suits , it ’s quite annoying .
This Vader seems to be a decent middle ground with a nice amount of bulk and pretty big helmet but he does n’t look disproportionate .
The paint work although minor is pretty solid .
Mine has some silver on his shoulders which looks cool but I ’m not certain if it ’s supposed to be there or not .
It gives his pads a sort of brushed metal look , but it ’s heavier on one shoulder than the other .
On his back underneath his cape is a smaller skirt piece .
I ’m not sure if that ’s accurate or not but I believe it is .
This is all done with real cloth so it makes the figure look bulky but in a good way .
Vader ’s robes look pretty massive in the films .
Speaking of soft goods , the cape itself is really big .
So much so that it weighs the figure down a bit and he has a tendency to fall over because of it .
Still this is n’t no puny Kenner Batman cape , this is a thick , massive cape that ’s very wide and looks great .
Accessories :
Vader comes with a red version of one of those weird flared lightsabers .
I still do n’t get the flaring , but whatever .
This is n’t as bad as some versions I ’ve seen .
He also comes with the aforementioned Boba Fett hologram and then a bunch of weird metal boxes .
What is this space junk ?
I ’m sure hardcore Star Wars fans know what this junk is , but to me it ’s just diorama jibberish at best .
His cape seems to be removable so that could be considered an accessory too if you want to get technical .
Finally he has a nice Star Wars stand .
Value :
I ’m guessing these guys were $ 5 or $ 6 when they came out a while back .
I paid $ 3.99 at TJ Maxx and I ’m totally cool with that .
Either way he ’s a pretty good value since he ’s an iconic character , a good likeness and he ’s got plenty of accessories ( albeit pointless ones ) and I can recommend him on that alone .
I am the night !
Score Recap :
Packaging – 7
Sculpting – 7
Articulation – 6
Accessories – Stand , Lightsaber , 3 Different Boxes
Value – 7
Overall – 7 out of 10
This guy is a full 7 and could go higher or lower depending on what you think of him .
Is he the perfect Vader ?
I have no idea .
He ’s the best Vader I ’ve seen on the shelves in some time , but maybe a better one is out there .
Do they make a Vader with hinge elbows ?!
WHO WILL WIN ?
Do n’t forget to check in all next week for Japanese Monster Week and if you have good Vader figure recommendations , feel free to post a comment …
GIVEN its vast reserves and seemingly healthy economy , a default by China 's government or one of its tentacles should be one of the lesser concerns for international markets .
This perception was jolted on August 28th by reports that the State - owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission ( SASAC ) might endorse a move by large state - controlled enterprises under its umbrella to break derivatives contracts that were purchased last year from international banks to protect them from rising commodity prices .
Details , inevitably , are fuzzy .
There is no official comment ; terrified international bankers are silent .
But reports in the local press and some elaboration by participants suggest that efforts by the country 's large shippers , airlines and power companies to cope with high oil prices by taking out futures contracts produced steep losses as the market reversed and prices fell .
That apparently prompted SASAC to launch an investigation , in part to find out if its wards were engaged in outright speculation , rather than hedging , but also to determine if a bail - out could be arranged .
The bluntest remedy would be to break the contracts entirely ; another , to force contracts to be rewritten and losses reduced .
Either outcome would be costly for the foreign banks , in the short run through lost profits and in the long run because a growing business in derivatives would be badly undermined .
For China , too , the consequences would hurt .
Counterparties would presumably charge more in future to offset the risk of being stiffed .
There would be legal fallout as well .
If the contracts were arranged outside China through subsidiaries in Hong Kong , Singapore or London , which is common , then they were almost certainly done under non-Chinese laws that are unlikely to be sympathetic to deliberate deadbeats .
Given the direct ties these companies have to the state , a default could in theory trigger a sovereign credit failure and the legitimate seizure of state - owned assets ( though it is a stretch to believe that any bank with interests in China would push a case that far ) .
If the contracts were arranged inside China , the companies might claim to have lacked the authority to have engaged in them , but that would undermine their ability to do business abroad .
One theory is that Beijing is trying to squeeze foreign banks out of the derivatives business .
That would accord with rules recently put into effect that restrict the ability of foreign firms to develop derivatives .
China , it is said , would like its own banks to gain expertise and , if profits must be made , have them benefit .
If so , independent pricing of risk , which is what derivatives are meant to be about , would be the real casualty .
Lyndon Hood : ETS Amendment Submission
I wish to make a submission on the Climate Change Response ( Moderated Emissions Trading ) Amendment Bill .
Official submissions have closed , but that ’s all right , as I mean to to publish my mine here , where someone who cares might read it .
I OPPOSE the Climate Change Response ( Moderated Emissions Trading ) Amendment Bill .
1 . While its purpose is laudable , I believe the mechanism is inappropriate .
2 . The most notable change brought about by this bill would be giving polluters , to 2050 , one hundred billion dollars ( $ 100 000 000 000 ) , money which under the scheme as it stands would go to the Government .
( See figure 1 . )
3 . That ’s one hundred billion dollars less incentive for the economy to reduce carbon emissions , and one hundred billion dollars less money for tax cuts , hip operations , trips to Hawaii , buying Kyoto credits and so on .
4 . As I say , I am right behind that idea , but the proposed system for delivering the money is unnecessarily complicated .
5 . Since , under the proposed intensity - based system , polluters will be able to gain credits by reducing emissions and by increasing them – why not just hand these industries a great big cheque ?
6 . In these difficult times , with the government fighting a “ decade of deficits ” and wondering how to pay for ACC , I think the nation would be cheered by the spectacle of Nick Smith handing polluters a giant novelty cheque for one hundred billion dollars .
7 . A giant novelty cheque made of coal .
8 . No no no – made of diamonds .
9 . By the way , I apologise if I ’ve said anything racist .
Apparently I ’ve got no idea what counts as racism .
Judging by what everyone else says , I tend to mistake it for someone ’s self - serving justification of their own sense of entitlement .
Which is , in itself , less despicable and – perhaps even among politicians – more common .
10 .
Also , if a reporter can’t tell the difference between a simple declaration and a rhetorical exaggeration wrapped in a conditional statement , they should be shot .
11 . Where was I ?
12 . I may be mistaken about the purpose of this bill .
It might be that it is not designed to hand vast amounts of cash to industry .
13 . Perhaps it is done out of enthusiasm of global warming .
Or the National Party ’s much - voiced antipathy to Government surpluses .
14 .
If the second option is the case , I suggest we should pour the money into a hole in the ground .
15 .
As well as minimising transaction costs , this would sequester the carbon content of five billion ( 5 000 000 000 ) twenty dollar notes .
16 . I realise that may be of little – even entirely rhetorical – benefit to net New Zealand carbon emissions .
But even that much would be an improvement on the current bill .
17 . I do not wish to speak to my motherf *****g submission .
© Scoop Media
Abdullah Abdullah announced today that he would not participate in Afghanistan 's runoff election next week , claiming it would result in widespread fraud .
To cheers from thousands of supporters in Kabul , Abdullah said he had not taken lightly his decision , which is likely to prolong the political crisis in the country .
" We will not take part , because of the wrongdoing of the Independent Election Commission and the abuse of power by the government , " Abdullah told his supporters .
His running mate , Homayoun Shah Assefy , said : " We are no longer a candidate and we wish Mr Karzai luck . "
Abdullah stopped short of calling for a boycott – a decision that will please western diplomats keen to avoid civil unrest .
But the prolonged political uncertainty will further complicate Barack Obama 's deliberations over whether to send up to 40,000 more troops into Afghanistan .
The White House has been waiting for a new government in Kabul before announcing its decision .
Yesterday Hillary Clinton , the US secretary of state , said the legitimacy of the election would not be affected if Abdullah withdrew .
" I do n't think it has anything to do with the legitimacy of the election , " she said .
" It 's a personal choice which may or may not be made . "
Nadjib Yussufi , a senior campaign official , said any attempt to anoint Hamid Karzai as president without a second vote would lack credibility .
He said that if Karzai had " political wisdom " he would call a traditional meeting of all the country 's tribal leaders and power brokers to decide a way forward .
Abdullah 's announcement came after the failure of last - minute attempts to head off another crisis in the presidential election saga .
Kai Eide , the senior United Nations official in Afghanistan , led a series of talks with Karzai to lay the ground for a power - sharing deal in which Abdullah would concede defeat , making a second round unnecessary .
In return , the former foreign minister had asked for a number of changes to the Afghan election body , including the sacking of its lead commissioner .
But almost all of Abdullah 's demands were rejected , leaving him no choice but to drop out , his supporters say .
" He knows that there is no point in taking part in an election where the odds are illegally stacked against him , " said one senior member of Abdullah 's camp last night .
Many western observers agreed with some of Abdullah 's demands , including a call for the replacement of Independent Election Commission ( IEC ) chairman , Azizullah Ludin , who has been heavily criticised for appearing to be biased in favour of Karzai .
Eide organised a meeting between Karzai and Abdullah last week to discuss a solution , including plans for a power - sharing deal .
But an official with knowledge of the conversation said Karzai was unwilling to compromise .
" Abdullah 's demands were low – he would have taken a job as head of the constitutional reform committee in order to meet his campaign pledges .
But Karzai was n't interested , " he said .
Some western diplomats had argued that because Karzai received more votes than any other candidate in the first round he should be accepted as the winner , even though he did not receive the 50 % of the vote that the constitution says must be achieved for outright victory .
According to the Electoral Complaints Commission , Karzai got 48.2 % after almost a million of his votes were ruled out as fraudulent , although his share would have been far lower if the commission 's fraud investigation had been more far - reaching .
Afzal Nuristani , a criminal defence lawyer , said that crowning Karzai without a second round would " not be legitimate .
If Karzai claimed power under those circumstances he will bring the country into chaos – this problem can only be solved politically . "
The IEC has claimed that it has the right to settle the dispute , although that is unlikely to be widely accepted because its Karzai - appointed commissioners have consistently taken decisions favouring their man .
Another solution would be for the supreme court to rule on the matter , although it is also seen as a pro-Karzai body that does not have the power to make new law .
Saeed Rahi , another lawyer , said the only solution was for a traditional gathering of all the country 's power brokers , or loya jirga , to make a decision .
" The supreme court may be able to prolong or extend Karzai 's term in office by a few months as an emergency measure , but only as an interim measure until a loya jirga could be established . "
There is almost no appetite for a second round of voting , particularly among western countries which fear their troops will be put at risk by Taliban attempts to disrupt the poll .
Security fears were underlined last week when a team of militants attacked a guesthouse in central Kabul , killing five UN staff .
" Whichever way you look at it , Karzai is not going to be a legitimate leader , " said one western diplomat .
" He is soiled goods now and people do n't know how the relationship is going to work with the international community in the coming year .
The only person to have come out well is Abdullah , who has done a great job of elevating himself as a statesman on the international stage . "
Interrogan a polic�as municipales para conocer qui�n o qui�nes divulgaron que el s�bado pasado los elementos trabajaron sin armas
Cuernavaca , Morelos | Martes 29 de septiembre de 2009
Justino Miranda | El Universal
09:09
MELBOURNE is all but guaranteed to post its hottest November on record , in a month of strange weather that has produced above - average rainfall .
With one day remaining of spring , the city 's average maximum temperature was 27.6 degrees to Saturday , besting the 1862 record of 25.5 degrees for the whole of November .
While the weather cooled on the weekend , 10 consecutive days over 30 degrees at the start of the month set the pattern for the monthly record to fall .
Melbourne 's November rainfall to date was 90.2 millimetres , well above the monthly average of 59.7 millimetres and the wettest November since 2004 .
Senior weather bureau forecaster Terry Ryan said it was unusual to have the combination of the hottest November and above - average rainfall .
[ Incudie ] tipped us off about a method to fix a borked HDD in your Xbox 360 .
Many of the one million consoles banned earlier in the month also had the hard disks scrambled making off - line gaming impossible as well .
It turns out that this is caused by having a ban flag in the NAND chip on the motherboard .
It has been discovered that because of wear levelling , the NAND will have two copies of the “ secdata.bin ” file which stores the ban flag .
Please note , this will NOT allow the console to use Xbox Live , it just re-enables the HDD .
The quick and dirty of the fix is as follows :
First the NAND is dumped from your Xbox 360 to a computer .
After verifying the file , it can be opened in a HEX editor and the two copies of “ secdata.bin ” located .
Once identified by date , the older version is injected on top of the newer to overwrite the ban flag .
Looks like this is not for the faint of heart , but if you got banned for modding in the first place this should be easy to pull off .
Update : Looks like xbox - scene now has a collection of apps to help you with this process .
[ Thanks CollinstheClown ]
Spoiler alert : she survives .
In the clip , a 27 - year - old unnamed woman is shown perilously weaving about on a Boston subway platform before falling onto the tracks .
As she stumbles around on the track , hugging the rail and unable or unwilling to reach the horrified bystanders trying to frantically alert the conductor and reach out to assist her , the train rapidly approaches .
Police say that the woman , who was treated for “ scrapes , ” had been drinking heavily for a long period of time .
Luckily for the woman , the conductor manages to grind the speeding train to a halt just short of where she stood on the track .
The train operator , 27 - year - old Charice Lewis , describes the experience :
“ The people were waving , but they were waving too much , and they were really , really close to the yellow line , which you are not supposed to be .
It was telling me , ‘ Slow your train down .
Slow your train down .
“ As I was approaching , the lady pops her head up , and I was like , ‘ Oh my God .
Someone is in the pit . ’
I threw it into emergency , exactly what I am supposed to do , and it stopped just in time not to hurt her .
“ After the fact , she came up with a big smile on her face . ”
Subway Stops Inches Before Woman on Tracks – Watch more Funny Videos
If there was a degree of déjà vu for fans of Barack Obama crammed inside a university athletic arena in Hackensack , New Jersey , the other evening , it was entirely deliberate .
They only had to close their eyes and listen to the deafening chants of " Yes We Can " to imagine they had been transported back to the heady days of a year ago when their candidate was on the verge of seizing the White House and making history .
Even with open eyes they could have felt some of that old frisson .
Event organisers wandered the hall wearing shirts proclaiming " Yes We Can 2.0 " , as if they were selling the latest Windows update , and a giant banner stage - right gave top billing to Obama .
The name beneath his , Corzine , might almost have been an afterthought .
This was not a re-election rally for Mr Obama – not yet , please – but for Jon Corzine , the former boss of Goldman Sachs and now governor of New Jersey .
He had invited the president to speak because , when Jersey voters go to the polls next Tuesday – New Jersey and Virginia are the only states where governorships are in play this year – it is not at all clear that they wo n't ditch him in favour of his Republican opponent , Chris Christie .
The latest polls say it 's too close to call .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
That 's better than in the summer when Christie had a double - digit lead .
But , in the final stretch , Corzine needs to remind Democrats of the fervour of 12 months ago when they overwhelmingly chose Obama over John McCain .
" One more time " , the disco beat booms before the two men arrive on stage in front of a crowd of about 3,000 eager supporters .
" One more time .
We 're going to celebrate .
Oh yeah .
Alright . "
Once at the microphone , Corzine promises to be brief .
" I know who you came to see , " he says .
Obama does what is required of him with his usual eloquence , speaking for 30 minutes .
He looks happy to be campaigning again , relieved of Oval Office responsibilities for an afternoon , his stump oratory uncaged .
But selflessness and politics do not go together .
He is in New Jersey because what happens here next week will matter to him .
This is an off - year for congressional races , so , rightly or wrongly , the outcome of these two gubernatorial races will be viewed by some as a first referendum on his presidency .
The President has already suffered a slow , but steady , decline in his approval ratings , so it cheers no one in the White House that the outcome in Jersey is so uncertain .
In Virginia , where the President campaigned this week , the outlook is worse with most polls suggesting that the Democrat candidate , Creigh Deeds , will be walloped by his Republican rival , Bob McDonnell .
If Republicans seize the governors ' mansions in both states , the embarrassment will be acute .
That is just what happened in both New Jersey and Virginia back in 1993 before the Republicans seized control of the US Congress the following year , dealing a crippling blow to the newly minted Democratic president of the time , Bill Clinton .
But even losing one of them next week will scratch the sheen of President Obama , who seems , one year on from his election , to be hovering in the view of most Americans between competent and fumbling , notwithstanding the high esteem in which he is still held abroad and , of course , in the minds of the Nobel committee .
What is certain is that the almost - mad expectations placed on Obama that unusually warm night in Chicago 's Grant Park when he delivered his victory speech last November , have given way now to a general unease about his performance in office .
For sure , he has mostly avoided calamity .
Not getting the Olympics for Chicago does n't count .
Nor is his administration in disarray or anything close to it .
( Mr Clinton had barely arrived in office before he was instantly engulfed in mini-scandals . )
But the Obama magic that should be working to protect Democrats like Corzine and Deeds seems mostly to have leaked away .
New Jersey is a state that naturally belongs in the Democratic column .
Moreover , since 1947 , only two Jersey governors have failed to win a second term .
But Corzine is unpopular in the state , thwacked by raising property taxes and the effects of the economic recession .
" The New Jersey governor 's race is going down to the wire , " predicted the Quinnipiac University Polling Institute .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
Virginia had been a red state – as far as the presidency was concerned – since 1964 , but it turned blue for Obama and Democrats hailed it as a sign that their party was breaking the virtual lock that Republicans had long enjoyed on the South .
Keep Virginia , they said , and the Democrats will keep the White House .
The plight of Deeds – 11 points down according to a recent poll in the Washington Post – is being interpreted as a measure of how far the pendulum is already tracking back to the Republicans in that state , and probably elsewhere .
Just as Mr Obama 's victory was powered in part by his success in winning over independents , it is now the independents who are feeling disappointed and fleeing back to the other side .
" This is a state that Obama won by seven points , " said Nick Ayres , executive director of the Republican Governors Association .
" They do n't want this to be their Olympics , Part II . "
McDonnell , the Republican candidate , will be the first to put the blame on the President if he wins the Virginia race .
" There are blocs of independent voters that are being driven over because they are very concerned about these federal policies : its spending and the new intrusions into the free enterprise system , " he said .
" Those voters probably leaned toward President Obama in the last cycle .
But when voters see specifics ...
I think some bloc of voters said : ' This is not the change we thought we were getting ' . "
Back in Hackensack , Carrie Wilkins , a 44 - year - old hairstylist , is exasperated by the bad press the President has been getting .
" He has a very tough job , " she says , arriving for the Corzine event with her 14 - year - old son , Troy , whom she has taken out of school specially .
" I do n't think he has had a chance to do anything yet .
He is trying , but it was such a mess when he came in .
I kind of feel bad for him , actually . "
Indeed , the attacks on Obama have become fiercer .
Wisely , or otherwise , the White House has called out Fox News , owned by Rupert Murdoch , saying that it has abandoned all pretence of objectivity in the daily ear - boxing it gives Barack .
Saturday Night Live , which last year so brilliantly skewered Sarah Palin , is getting sharper in its weekly skits on Obama .
Meanwhile , the usual media stars of the conservative right , notably Rush Limbaugh and Glenn Beck , continue to grow their Obama - bashing brands .
The Nobel Prize was a gift to them from heaven .
They know what they think , and would probably think it whatever the president did .
A broader picture , and a much prettier one , is provided by the polls .
According to the Real Clear Politics poll of polls , the President 's approval rating is still hovering above 50 per cent , but only just .
Sometimes we forget , however , to measure Mr Obama against his opponents .
Little fuss was made over a poll by CNN last week , which showed the Republican Party with just 36 per cent approval – the lowest it has been in a decade .
A more reliable observer of the scene may be Troy , the schoolboy .
Asked if he thought Obama had done a good job so far , he paused for a second and then delivered a rolling shrug of the shoulders .
" I guess so . "
Meaning he , like many Americans , is not quite sure yet .
A lot of things are in the pending tray in Washington .
Pending is the economic recovery , for instance .
While the signs of recovery seem to multiply almost daily , so do the warnings that this will be a largely jobless one , at least for the time being .
The breaking of the 10,000 mark on the Dow Jones Industrial Average this month looks encouraging to economists , but it is galling to the almost one - in - ten Americans out of work .
Pending also is the grinding effort on Capitol Hill to pass healthcare reform .
This has been much more of a struggle than the Obama team – many of whom came to Washington with scant experience of its labyrinthine ways – ever expected .
The success or failure of the healthcare push could change the perception of Obama profoundly .
While momentum towards a deal seems to be building at last , a wise person would not bet on its passing just yet .
The debate has also exposed what some now see as a naivety in Obama 's candidature : his dream of creating a new spirit of bi-partisanship in Washington has hardly come to pass .
So far , only one Republican has stepped forward to support just one of the versions of healthcare reform to have surfaced from five congressional committees .
Healthcare is one of several areas where Obama has displayed characteristics that his supporters call patience and a preference for conciliation , but which others brand as dithering and betraying an absence of the kind of toughness that was typically personified by Lyndon B Johnson , 45 years ago .
" Healthcare could be his hammer , " argues Larry Sabato , a professor of politics at the University of Virginia .
" If he gets it , he will have proven that his style works , that you do n't have to be an in - your - face LBJ type to get significant healthcare reform .
But , if it falls apart or he gets a tiny piece of it , then there will be criticism that he is ineffective and not tough enough . "
The narrative of a President who is too pliable has been growing in volume since the summer , much to the chagrin of the White House .
Nor is it coming only from the right .
There are those on the left who feel let down by Obama and are infuriated by his " political pragmatism " .
They object , for instance , when he refuses to push aggressively for the so - called " public option " to compete with private insurers in a new healthcare system , or when he declines to meet with the Dalai Lama in Washington because his agenda with China is more important to him .
They even do n't like it when he brushes off a member of Congress openly calling him a liar as being unimportant .
That 's the way Obama is , but some contend it is unhelpful .
" Obama has created an atmosphere of no fear , " Douglas Brinkley , a history professor at Rice University and political biographer , told the National Journal .
" Nobody is really worried about the revenge of Barack Obama , because he is not a vengeful man .
That 's what we love about him ; he is so high - minded , and a conciliatory guy , and he tries to govern with a sense of consensus – all noble goals , but they do n't get you very far in this Washington knifing environment . "
As Obama takes his time deciding whether to send as many as 40,000 more soldiers to Afghanistan , he has again come in for attack , not least from Dick Cheney , who brooded in the shadows while in power but prefers daylight in opposition .
" What ... Cheney calls dithering , President Obama calls his solemn responsibility to the men and women in uniform and to the American public , " Robert Gibbs , the White House spokesman , shot back .
" We 've all seen what happens when somebody does n't take that responsibility seriously . "
The truth is that when Obama has played it tough , it has usually been in ways almost designed to infuriate the conservatives who call him lily - livered .
He fired the CEO of General Motors earlier his year before bailing the company out and , just last week , his administration took extraordinary steps to force banks and lending institutions to scale back previously outrageous pay deals for their executives .
Both things were bold and in - your - face .
But they also represent severe cases of interfering in the private market , which the right abhors .
Obama knows he is still on probation .
In his speech in Hackensack , he asked the crowd " to cast aside the cynics and the sceptics and prove to all Americans that leaders who do what 's right and who do what 's hard will be rewarded and not rejected " .
It was meant as an appeal to Jersey voters to show mercy to Corzine and give him back his job .
But , with the 3 November polls being seen by some as the first verdict on Obama 's infant presidency , he might too have been asking for a little understanding for himself .
Dwindling fortunes : Obama 's approval rating
12pts
The percentage drop in Obama 's approval rating since he became president .
65,000
The number of US troops currently in Afghanistan .
Obama is considering a request from his top general for another 40,000 .
280
The number of US troops killed in Afghanistan since Obama 's election victory .
$ 787bn
The size of the Obama adminstration 's fiscal stimulus programme .
$ 2.5 m
The amount Obama earned in royalties from the sale of his books last year .
3
The number of presidents , including Barack Obama , to win the Nobel Peace Prize while in office .
24
The number of rounds of golf played by President Obama this year .
Botnets are , without any shadow of a doubt , one of the biggest scourges of IT security today .
From sending spam to launching DDoS attacks and distributing malware , botnets can be found at the centre of most of the security problems facing computer users right now .
So would n't it be fun if you could take down , knock over and destroy a botnet ?
The good news is that it seems you can , with a little determination and a lot of inside knowledge .
Researchers at the FireEye Malware Intelligence Lab have been working hard at gathering the necessary knowledge with regards to one Botnet , known as Ozdok or perhaps more commonly Mega - D .
Having got to grips with the command and control architecture , along with the fallback mechanisms used to keep the botnet alive should they come under attack , FireEye decided the time was right to strike .
This meant moving out of the lab and the purely theoretical realm of botnet takedown and into the real world , which involves getting various agencies working together with an intent to destroy a botnet .
So FireEye contacted ISPs , registries and registrars and set about the task in hand .
Atif Mushtaq writes that " all the major Ozdok command and control servers ... have been taken down .
As it turns out , no matter how many fallback mechanisms are in place , if they are n't all implemented properly , the botnet is vulnerable " .
It was n't easy , but within a 24 hour period it would appear that it is possible to shutdown a botnet by working against all the fallback mechanisms that have been identified , and doing so with such speed that the botnet herders are unable to mount any kind of defence strategy to keep running .
FireEye approached the challenge methodically , by first preparing enough evidence of botnet activity ( including those domains and hosts responsible ) to allow ISPs to take the abuse notifications that followed seriously .
Apparently this initial work paid off with only 4 hosts not being taken down promptly as a result , and those have been reported to relevant authorities to try and get them investigated and removed .
Registrars were also contacted to request domain were suspended so as to break the primary command and control chain .
Some of these were successful , although many appear to be still up and running .
So not so much success there , although FireEye has managed to reroute Mega - D zombies to a sinkhole server rather than the real Command and Control centres .
In itself this is good news as it means FireEye can collect data about those zombies and identify victims , who can then be given help to clean their machines .
In the first 24 hours of this determined takedown effort FireEye has seen 264,784 unique IPs connect to the sinkhole server .
According to Mathew Nisbet , Malware Data Analyst with MessageLabs , the effort has been worthwhile .
Nisbet says " our monitoring shows a huge decline in this previously prolific botnet ’s activity " continuing " normally between 600 and 1600 IP ’s are seen each day " but after the takedown attempt it " plummeted down to less than 50 " .
Sure , Mega - D was not obliterated by this attack and it is still spewing out a handful of spams every day .
It should be remembered that Mega - D has been taken down before and bounced back .
However , this time it has been effectively crippled and that 's important given how fiercely competitive the botnet market is .
Clients will move elsewhere and it is doubtful if Mega - D will be able to recover to anything like the position it previously held in the underground botnet for hire league tables .
ON ZANZIBAR , you find an intriguing fusion of Portuguese , Arab , Indian , and East African customs , culture , and architecture .
What draws most tourists , however , are the white - sand beaches and some of the best snorkeling in the world .
These pictures offer only a glimpse of the diversity that exists on the island but are representative of what a typical traveler might experience during a day on Zanzibar .
This article was originally published on October 23rd , 2009
Forget poison - tipped umbrellas and exploding cigars .
At the height of the Cold War , the CIA issued its top spooks with a more prosaic piece of equipment : a beginner 's guide to magic , educating them in the old - fashioned arts of conjuring and sleight - of - hand .
The Official CIA Manual of Trickery and Deception was written in 1953 by a well - known performer called John Mulholland .
It included tips for hiding objects up your sleeve , spiking someone 's drink ( while pretending to light a cigarette ) and communicating with colleagues by tying your shoelaces in a special way .
In 1973 , as the Cold War showed signs of thawing , the CIA ordered every copy of the " top secret " document to be destroyed .
But one managed to escape the agency 's paper shredders and was recently unearthed , in mysterious circumstances , by the espionage historian H Keith Melton and Robert Wallace , an author and former CIA staffer .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The duo managed to get the manual declassified , and have now turned it into a book , with chapters on " the surreptitious removal of objects by women , " and making and concealing " droppers " for liquids and powders .
There is also a basic protocol for handling several small objects at one time so that one of them will secretly end up in your pocket .
A good magician looks grey and unremarkable , Mulholland advises , saying he " should be so normal in manner , and his actions so natural , that nothing about him excites suspicion " .
When carrying out a trick , spies should distract their audience by putting on a silly face .
" The more facial muscles are relaxed and eyes thrown out of focus , the greater the effect .
Doing these actions to a mild degree merely shows a lack of alertness or disinterest . "
Some of his advice is basic conjuring lore .
A good trick " must be simple in its basic idea " and should be tirelessly " rehearsed " in a mirror .
Some is more advanced .
He showed how stage magicians use perspective to saw a woman in half , and gave detailed advice on how the various pockets in a normal suit can conceal dozens of objects .
A small blob of wax on the bottom of a hardback book can be used to pick up paper , he writes .
A pill concealed in a matchbox can be secretly dropped in someone 's drink if you pretend to be lighting their cigarette .
A hollowed - out pencil containing powder can be emptied while you pretend to use it to sketch a diagram .
Meanwhile shoelaces can be used to pass on a range of different messages , depending on the way in which they 're tied .
A chapter in the book outlines how different knots can mean " I have information " , " Follow me " , and " I have brought another person . "
Mulholland , was a well - known performer who edited the magicians ' magazine , The Sphinx , for 23 years , and earned the then - princely sum of $ 3,000 ( £ 1,800 ) for the book .
It was originally published as part of a wider CIA programme called Project MKULTRA , which ( among other things ) experimented with using LSD to counter advanced Soviet " mind- control " techniques .
In the foreword of the new edition , published by William Morrow , the current deputy CIA director John McLaughlin writes that " magic and espionage are kindred spirits " , revealing that " Mulholland 's writing on delivery of pills , potions and powders was just one example of research carried out back then in fields as diverse as brainwashing and paranormal psychology . "
The contents of this page have not been reviewed or endorsed by the Chicago Bulls .
All opinions expressed by Sam Smith are solely his own and do not reflect the opinions of the Chicago Bulls or its Basketball Operations staff , parent company , partners , or sponsors .
His sources are not known to the Bulls and he has no special access to information beyond the access and privileges that go along with being an NBA accredited member of the media .
Last week I decided that LeBron James going to the Lakers made the most sense .
It gave the basketball media a big topic for the week with LeBron on national TNT Thursday and playing his only game of the season in New York Friday .
The story in sports generally is the star .
There 's always plenty of cool stuff going on , which is why I 'm always up late watching Clippers and Kings games .
I know , I know .
I 've got to work on priorities .
But you never go wrong in the media writing about the star .
Which is why all the Washington stories are about Barack Obama .
It did n't matter what Michael Jordan said .
We wanted to know anything .
And now it 's LeBron .
Sure , Dwyane Wade and Chris Bosh and Joe Johnson and Dirk Nowitzki and Amar'e Stoudemire and a bunch of others can be free agents next summer .
But LeBron is the prize .
So I offered up that tantalizing prospect of the Lakers , and if James really is only about winning , there should be no other choice .
So ESPN.com countered with Miami since they have Wade and salary cap room for a free agent .
Makes sense .
We 've heard that one before as it's been widely speculated the players from the 2008 USA Basketball gold medal team talked about playing together , though the general speculation has been about Chris Bosh going to join Wade .
Now comes my buddy from the New York Post , Pete Vecsey , who wrote Sunday :
" ... according to someone in the know , LeBron is viewing the Bulls as a wild card challenger ; no other suitor need apply .
That explains why rising restricted free agent Tyrus Thomas ... was n't given an extension .
Chicago definitely believes it has a shot at luring LeBron .
As talented as Thomas is , the Bulls secured two excellent rookie forwards — Brooklyn's Taj Jami Gibson and James Johnson — in the draft and figure to have roughly $ 20 million in cap room in case LeBron feels the urge to replicate Air Jordan 's Windy City flight plan . "
Now , that is an interesting one , at least in Chicago .
Cleveland , too .
The Bulls had to have helped their cause going into Cleveland last week to further show LeBron just what a bad roster the Cavs have .
Other than LeBron , I 'd probably have the Bulls winning every other matchup , and Derrick Rose is n't even near healthy yet .
I 've long dismissed the possibility of James choosing the Bulls because I 've never thought James — unlike Kobe Bryant — would want to challenge the shadow and legend of Michael Jordan 's accomplishments .
Sort of if you win one , what 's the big deal .
MJ had six .
But I also have no doubt the Bulls will pursue James .
In 2000 , though the odds were well against them , the Bulls quietly made serious bids for Tim Duncan and Grant Hill while all the publicity was on Tracy McGrady and Eddie Jones .
The Bulls flew to Detroit just before Hill committed to the Magic to make a last minute bid .
They even had Hill 's mom trying to sell him on Chicago .
But Hill did n't want to follow Jordan so closely .
But now it 's almost a generation later .
And Bryant did want to play for the Bulls .
He was serious .
Your browser does not support iframes .
The Bulls ' pitch was they had a winning tradition with the third most titles of any franchise in NBA history , one of the nation 's biggest cities , a franchise willing to pay as Jordan still remains the highest paid player in league history , quality facilities , and now , something they did n't have then , a roster that is capable of competing .
The Bulls have a highly regarded point guard in Rose and a potential double / double center in Joakim Noah .
And young talents like Luol Deng and Kirk Hinrich .
It certainly makes a lot more sense for James , if he wants to operate out of a major market , to eye Chicago over the depleted , historically uncompetitive New York area franchises .
Though James is a smart guy and I loved last week when he also said money was n't an issue , that it was all about winning .
It was n't true , of course , though what was James suggesting ?
The Spurs ?
The Jazz ?
The Timberwolves ?
Maybe that 's what they were planning with the rights to Ricky Rubio .
The other side of the story
-- I know the fans in Cleveland feel beleaguered about all this LeBron - is - leaving talk .
And I 've been one of those getting the unfriendly fan mail .
But I have no personal animosity toward the Cavs .
Their late 80's team with Mark Price and Brad Daugherty that broke down was one of my favorites to watch .
So maybe I can help .
It 's obvious this Shaquille O'Neal / Zydrunas Ilauskas pairing that coach Mike Brown keeps throwing out is a disaster .
Brown gets a lot of criticism for the Cavs long static offense , though his main problem is his unyielding belief only the San Antonio Spurs know how to play basketball .
So Shaq / Z is his incarnation of David Robinson / Tim Duncan .
Someone will eventually persuade him it is n't .
Hopefully , it 's Danny Ferry , who decides to trade Z. Clearly the Cavs play better smaller , and smaller is in vogue even in the East now .
There 's been many rumors of an Ilgauskas for Stephen Jackson trade , though that seems unlikely .
Jackson 's contract with three years left after this season is too much risk to take on should LeBron leave .
The Cavs , to me , have n't done a particularly good job with their roster given their lack of flexibility for next summer .
I can't see them losing Z's expiring deal for a long term deal of a guy who is n't a star .
The deal is Z and some stuff for Tracy McGrady .
Little talked about this season is McGrady , who may be less than a month from returning .
The Rockets , though they cannot say so publicly , likely do n't want any part of McGrady .
I talked to some scouts who have been following the Rockets and they were absolutely gushing about one of the surprise teams of the season .
Despite losing Yao Ming , Ron Artest and McGrady , the Rockets are 4 - 2 and beating good teams , like Portland and Utah and losing in overtime to the Lakers .
It 's a different Rockets team .
Without
Yao to throw it into in the halfcourt , they are one of the fastest , most entertaining , and tough teams , averaging 104.3 per game .
Trevor Ariza has been a scoring surprise going as a free agent , but the motor has been Aaron Brooks , one of the fastest guards in the league .
The Rockets are a blur , running at every opportunity , a small but tough overachieving bunch with bangers like Chuck Hayes and Carl Landry playing tough with a good defense inspired by highly regarded assistant Elston Turner .
Second rounder Chase Budinger has been a major surprise with bigtime shooting as they have five players in double figures with Shane Battier at 9.8 .
" They play bigger than what they are , " Jazz coach Jerry Sloan said admiringly after losing to the Rockets .
" They are a tough team .
They push the ball on you a lot .
They take three - point shots .
They are capable of scoring a lot of points and put a premium of your ability to change ends .
They are just hard - working guys .
If you do n't respect that , you do n't respect basketball . "
In talking to scouts and coaches who have watched and played the Rockets , they all agree McGrady , assuming he 's healthy , would change the entire dynamic , slowing the team , holding the ball , taking away everything that 's changed them .
Little was expected of the Rockets this season without Yao .
But with the Spurs coming out slowly , the West seems wide open after the Lakers .
Maybe the Rockets take a shot .
Get a big man .
A guy like Z would n't fit their style , but you have halfcourt situations and need some size , especially for the playoffs .
So here 's the deal .
The reports on McGrady were positive after working out in Chicago all summer .
The Cavs need another big time scoring option .
McGrady 's deal expires after this season and it's more than $ 22 million .
It 's a nice expiring piece for the Rockets .
SO maybe they want to keep it .
But could they hold McGrady out when he needs to play to earn another deal ?
The key part would be whether the Rockets want to take on a contract from the Cavs to equalize the salaries within the 25 percent factor .
The Cavs have some intriguing guys who could interest the Rockets .
Maybe Anthony Parker , Jamario Moon or Daniel Gibson .
If the Rockets prefer the cap room , there 's no deal .
McGrady has been a star , but he just wo n't seem to fit with this new , exciting Houston team .
But he could be an impressive additional option to play alongside LeBron .
Warriors ' Randolph could soon be on the block
-- While I 'm starting to deal , I 've got to look at Golden State .
Yes , we all know it 's a mess .
And everyone knows Stephen Jackson wants to be traded and they want to trade him .
Jackson was fined for saying so , and he 's no dummy .
So now he 's just sabotaging the team by refusing to pass the ball when guys are open under the basket and he 's driving through double teams .
The Contra Costa newspapers identified at least three times in a recent game when Jackson ignored teammates open at the basket to shoot threes or in traffic .
It 's led , not surprisingly , to a similar shot selection plan throughout the team with coach Don Nelson into his Alfred E. Newman What Me Worry act .
And there were these classic comments from Jackson to Contra Costa after being blown out by the Clippers at home , which management had to love : " Getting your ( butt ) whupped ...
I 'm going to leave it up to the coaches .
I 'm not going to stress myself out over this .
You know what I mean ?
I 'm not .
Just got to go out there and do my job and do my work out there .
I 'm not going to get beat up by it .
I know a couple years ago , when we had Baron ( Davis ) and all those guys , I would be upset right now losing by 30 .
Right now , it 's not bothering me ...
I 'm in a good mood right now after getting beat by 60 .
So hey , I 'm doing good for myself right now . "
Jackson also did note it can't help that there are starting lineup changes every game and guys going from starting to not playing .
Which finally brings me to my point , Anthony Randolph .
He 's been dropped to third string behind Mikki Moore —yes , Mikki Moore — and the local media is saying Randolph has attitude and ego problems , which sounds an awful lot like an organization turning on a guy .
It just so happens the Warriors have in the last few seasons expressed interest in Tyrus Thomas , a Nelson kind of big man who can play in transition , Of course , Thomas is out now at least a month , and I have n't heard that there have been any talks with the Warriors for some time .
But Randolph's a guy a lot of teams figure to inquire about given his uncertain situation .
Scoring is up , but why ?
--
There are 15 teams averaging at least 100 points per game .
Last season there were 13 .
Some say it is because of the new rims the league has installed this season , which collapses on both sides when dunked on for safety .
The previous ones flexed in front .
So is scoring up with more flexible rims ?
I talked with Scott Skiles about this the other day and he did note how many more teams that never did , like Houston , Toronto , Atlanta , Utah , Washington and Detroit , are pushing the ball and playing small .
The Bulls are 28th in scoring at 88.5 , but 4 - 2 .
The leaders in opponents field goal percentage include Milwaukee , no surprise with Skiles , and Miami .
But the Pistons , 3 - 4 , surprisingly are No. 1 . ...
Old buddy Charles Oakley was in Toronto last week as the club , in a class move , is honoring former players , including Vince Carter , who still gets booed there .
Anyway , Oakley told the Toronto Star he'd like to coach some day , though he does n't have all that much regard for today 's players .
Big surprise , eh. Said Oakley : All ( today 's players ) do is get their pay check .
They do n't play hard .
They give half - assed interviews .
Like , if you 're gonna talk , tell people what 's going on . "
It 's Oakley 's usual hyperbole as guys do play hard , but Oakley is right that they do n't interview as well as the guys from his era .
...
The Bulls are in Toronto this week and the Raptors play that European style with big guys hiding 25 feet from the basket .
So no surprise they rank 27th in points allowed and 24th in field goal defense .
So its hardly one guy , but some in the local media have taken to blaming point guard Jose Calderon and lobbying for Jarrett Jack to start .
And coach Jay Triano added : " That 's what this league is .
It 's about being able to stop point guards .
We 're going to have to get a little better at it then we are now . "
The Raptors then gave up 129 points to the Mavs Saturday night .
New York state of mind
-- I 'm pretty sure it was a joke .
With most everyone now doubting James goes to the Knicks , the talk is the Knicks will wait until the summer of 2011 for Carmelo Anthony or 2012 for Chris Paul .
I assumed it was a joke .
Although the latest New York theory is they go for James and then can get Eddy Curry and Jared Jeffries off the books in 2011 so they can sign Anthony and pair the guys from the 2003 draft who were supposed to be the next Magic / Bird rivalry .
That 's right , this could go on for two more years .
...
We 've always wanted a shot at Elton Brand to at least apologize for trading him in 2001 .
You probably can have that now with Brand teetering in the 76ers ' rotation and sitting out most of the second half Friday as they rallied to beat the Nets .
Brand is averaging 10.2 points and 6.1 rebounds in under 30 minutes per game and the belief around the NBA is you can have him if you want .
The issue is a staggering contract through 2012 - 13 , and at 31 later this season , that window probably had closed ...
With Delonte
West yanked from a game last week about a non call and then committing a hard foul and glaring at the officials , given also his gun possession charges and mood disorder problems , you have to wonder about him back playing already .
I doubt the Cavs , who have been understanding , would endanger him .
But it does seem like he was rushed back to a troubled team .
... The Hornets ' David
West is going from most underrated to most overrated as he 's averaging 16 points and 5.7 rebounds in a lethargic season as coach Byron Scott is now planning his second starting lineup demotion in a week by benching Julian Wright after a blowout loss to the Lakers to fall to 2 - 7 .
Yes , folks , there 's trouble in river city .
NBA news and notes
--
It always sounds like whining when any team complains about foul calls against it 's star player .
So most likely dismissed the Magic last week complaining again about Dwight Howard 's treatment .
But they are right .
Howard is mugged like no one else , except perhaps Shaquille O'Neal .
Maybe not anymore given
Shaq 's declining offensive abilities .
But I 've always been amazed how Shaq was able to deal with so much abuse and acted so professionally .
Howard has n't been able to yet , and leaving a game last week was threatening retribution .
Watch Howard all game and nothing else and you'd be stunned at the physical abuse he takes .
I know there are different rules below the free throw line .
Why is another issue .
No one feels sorry for the giant , I know .
Maybe except me .
Said Stan Van Gundy to local media : " I had a referee very recently , very candidly tell me because of the strength of the bigger guys they let them play more .
So they get pushed and grabbed .
My point is LeBron 's a pretty strong guy .
Dwyane 's a strong guy , they dont ' let people bang on them ...
The league likes perimeter play . "
But is n't a foul a foul ?
I know , I know .
It never is .
...
The Grizzlies , minus Allen Iverson these days , are taking a look at Bulls training camp big man Chris Richard .
...
One of the nice surprises of the season is DePaul 's ( wow , that was a long time ago and he was a power forward then ) Quentin Richardson , famously traded four times last summer .
He 's settled into a small forward spot with the hot Heat and is averaging 16.7 points and 9.3 rebounds the last three games and guarding the toughest opponents while Michael Beasley generally leaves the game in the fourth quarter for defense .
...
How 'bout that Thabo .
Many were surprised when former Bull Sefolosha was one of six players from the 2006 draft — along with Andrea Bargnani , Brandon Roy , LaMarcus Aldridge , Renaldo Balkman and Rajon Rondo — to get an extension .
But Sefolosha has brought a defensive mindset to the young Thunder , who wiped out Orlando Sunday .
Said Kevin Durant : " I call him Sniper now .
He 's starting to hit the long - range three - ball a lot ( 13 points and 10 rebounds with a trio of threes ) .
That 's going to add another dimension to our team , a guy that they can't help off of too much . "
-- Jazz chief executive Greg Miller wore Carlos Boozer 's jersey to a TV interview in what he said was a " Welcome back Carlos " gesture .
Boozer , of course , claimed in the summer management , effectively , told him to get lost .
It 's been denied by management .
Boozer 's numbers of 15.7 points and 11.2 rebounds are representative of his career averages , though he 's only shooting 43 percent .
But the Jazz is 2 - 4 and now headed east for four games .
The issue has been an untypically poor defense at the bottom third of the league .
Too typical was with the Kings beating them Saturday , Beno Udrih drove the lane untouched for the layup to clinch the game in the last seconds .
They 've had injuries to perimeter guys , though the Boozer " will he or wo n't he go " seems a continued distraction ...
They do have fun at Clippers ' games .
Fans were serenading Chris Kaman with chants of " MVP " as the long erratic center scored at least 20 for the sixth straight game and is averaging 23 points and 9.9 rebounds .
Said Kaman to L.A. reporters : " In the summer I worked a lot on my jump shot , both left - and right - handed hooks , so I knew that was going to be a big part of my game .
I studied film from the last six years , and have seen what my mistakes have been .
I just was n't consistent enough and I 'd be scared to ( shoot ) the next game . " ...
With a tough Eastern trip to open the season , the Suns are one of the major surprises with a 6 - 1 record and wins in Boston , Miami and Sunday in Washington .
They 're back to leading the league in scoring and shooting and the maligned Steve Kerr may have pulled off a huge coup in the signing of Channing Frye .
Frye 's a clubhouse leader for Most Improved playing center and averaging 14 points and five rebounds , but shooting 48 percent on threes ( 20 for 41 ) and almost 50 percent overall .
-- Injured Antawn Jamison ripped into the balky Wizards , who were dominated at home again Sunday by Phoenix and have lost four of five .
Summing up that run is Andray Blache , who like everyone else swore they'd take it seriously this season , and in his last five games has scored : 30 , 7 , 10 , 1 and then 20 .
...
Making noise as Sixth Man candidate is old buddy Jamal Crawford , on his fourth team and the active leader with more than 600 games without being in the playoffs .
If he is n't traded again , Crawford should be there with the Hawks , for whom he 's averaging 18.1 points and three of the last four games at least 25 points .
... So Rudy Gay and O.J. Mayo got into a shouting match near the end of a grizzly Grizzlies loss to Denver last week as Mayo was firing away for 40 to try to outgun Carmelo Anthony .
Allen Iverson , as we know , went home after everyone condemned his latest stance toward the bench .
Though perhaps we should laud Iverson for not being politically correct and lying about his wants .
So this time Iverson criticized coach Lionel Hollins , whom , he said he never talked to .
Last season it was Pistons coach Michael Curry who supposedly misled him .
Yes , it 's always someone else .
What few really understand about Iverson is despite being open and cooperative with reporters , unlike many NBA players , Iverson is a loner and often has little to do with teammates .
As one NBA veteran wag ( how do you really get that title ) observed : " Zach Randolph 's the best citizen on the team . "
Check out the Fan Community site created just for you .
Bulls fans connect on BullsConnect.com
Shining Light on Roots of Terrorism Media commentary on the upcoming 9/11 trial of Khalid Sheikh Mohammed has raised concern that state secrets may be divulged , including details about how the Bush administration used torture to extract evidence about al - Qaeda .
Email
Printer friendly “ I think that we ’re going to shine a light on something that a lot of people do n’t want to look at ” is how American Civil Liberties Union attorney Denney LeBoeuf put it , according to The New York Times on Saturday .
No problem , says Attorney General Eric Holder , who claims to have “ great confidence ” that other evidence – apart from what may have been gleaned from the 183 times Sheikh Mohammed was waterboarded , for example – will suffice to convict him .
Maybe so , But what the Fawning Corporate Media ( or FCM ) have so far neglected is the likelihood that the testimony will be so public that they will have to break their studied silence about why Sheikh Mohammed and his associates say they orchestrated the attacks of 9/11 .
For reasons that are painfully obvious , the FCM have done their best to ignore or bury the role that Israel ’s repression of the Palestinians has played in motivating the 9/11 attacks and other anti-Western terrorism .
It is not like there is no evidence on this key issue .
Rather , it appears that the Israel - Palestine connection is pretty much kept off limits for discussion .
Yet , as Sheikh Mohammed and the other alleged 9/11 conspirators go to trial , the FCM 's tacit but tight embargo will be under great strain .
Eyes will have to be averted from the sensitive Israeli - Palestinian motive even more than from torture , which most Americans know about ( and , God help us , are willing to explain away ) .
The Bromides
To refresh our memories , let ’s recall the bromides we were fed by the likes of President George W. Bush about why the terrorists attacked on 9/11 .
Rather than mentioning long - held grievances expressed by many Arabs – such as Western intrusion into their region , Washington ’s propping up of autocrats who enrich themselves in deals with multinational oil companies , and Israel ’s military occupation of Palestinian territory – Bush told the American people that “ the terrorists hate our freedoms . ”
Former Vice President Dick Cheney reprised that feel - good theme in a speech to the American Enterprise Institute on May 21 .
Cheney said the terrorists hate “ all the things that make us a force for good in the world — for liberty , for human rights , for the rational , peaceful resolution of differences . ”
Some observers might have found those qualities strange for Cheney to cite given his role in violating constitutional rights , torturing captives and spreading falsehoods to justify an aggressive war against Iraq .
But Cheney also slipped up in the speech , presumably because he had lost his best speechwriters upon leaving office .
He inadvertently acknowledged the Israeli albatross hanging around the neck of U.S. policy in the Middle East .
“ They [ terrorists ] have never lacked for grievances against the United States .
Our belief in freedom of speech and religion … our belief in equal rights for women … our support for Israel … — these are the true sources of resentment , ” Cheney said .
Yet “ our support for Israel ” is hardly ever included in these formulations , but Cheney at least got that part right .
Rarely in the FCM – and not even often on the Web – does one find Sheikh Mohammed ’s explanation for what motivated him to “ mastermind ” 9/11 .
Apparently , few pundits have made it as far as page 147 of the 9/11 Commission Report .
The drafters were at work on the report when they learned that Khalid Sheikh Mohammed had been captured .
They knew that he earned a degree in mechanical engineering from North Carolina A&T in Greensboro in 1986 , before going to Afghanistan to fight the Russian occupier .
And it seems their first assumption was that he suffered some major indignity at the hands of Americans in Greensboro .
Thus the strange wording of one major finding on page 147 of the 9/11 Commission Report : “ By his own account , KSM ’s animus toward the United States stemmed not from his experience there as a student , but rather from his violent disagreement with U.S. foreign policy favoring Israel . ”
Moreover , the footnote section reveals that KSM was not the only “ mastermind ” terrorist motivated by “ U.S. foreign policy favoring Israel , ” although in the footnote the Commission dances around a specific reference to Israel , leaving it to the reader to infer that point from the context .
Note the missing words in the footnote on page 488 : “ On KSM ’s rationale for attacking the United States , see Intelligence report , interrogation of KSM , Sept. 5 , 2003 ( in this regard , KSM ’s statements echo those of Yousef , who delivered an extensive polemic against U.S. foreign policy at his January 1998 sentencing ) , ” the footnote said .
Was Yousef , who happens to be Mohammed 's nephew , perhaps upset about U.S. foreign policy favoring NATO expansion , or maybe toward Guam ?
Obviously , the unstated inference in the footnote was about Israel .
The First Attack
The family connection between Yousef and Mohammed was not incidental , either .
“ Yousef ’s instant notoriety as the mastermind of the 1993 World Trade Center bombing inspired KSM to become involved in planning attacks against the United States , ” the 9/11 Commission Report noted on page 147 .
The 1993 World Trade Center bombing occurred on Feb. 26 , 1993 , when a car bomb was detonated below Tower One .
The 1,500 - pound urea nitrate - hydrogen gas - enhanced device was intended to knock the North Tower ( Tower One ) into the South Tower , bringing both towers down and killing thousands of people .
It failed to accomplish that , but the bombing did kill six people and injured 1,042 .
Motive ?
Ramzi Yousef spelled out his motive in a letter to The New York Times after the bombing : " We declare our responsibility for the explosion on the mentioned building .
This action was done in response for the American political , economical , and military support to Israel , the state of terrorism , and to the rest of the dictator countries in the region . "
Yousef was captured in Pakistan in 1995 , imprisoned in New York City , and held there until his trial .
On Nov. 12 , 1997 , he was convicted of “ seditious conspiracy ” and was sentenced the following January to life without parole .
He is held at the high - security Supermax prison in Florence , Colorado .
Regarding the touchy Israel connection , the 9/11 Commission stepped up to the plate in the “ Recommendations ” section of its final report , which was issued on July 22 , 2004 , but then bunted : “ America ’s policy choices have consequences .
Right or wrong , it is simply a fact that American policy regarding the Israeli - Palestinian conflict and American actions in Iraq are dominant staples of popular commentary across the Arab and Muslim world .
…
Neither Israel nor the new Iraq will be safer if worldwide Islamist terrorism grows stronger . ” ( pp 376-377 )
A more convincing swing at this issue was taken in an unclassified study published by the Pentagon - appointed U.S. Defense Science Board on Sept. 23 , 2004 , just two months later .
The board stated : “ Muslims do not ‘ hate our freedom , ’ but rather , they hate our policies .
The overwhelming majority voice their objections to what they see as one - sided support in favor of Israel and against Palestinian rights , and the longstanding , even increasing support for what Muslims collectively see as tyrannies , most notably Egypt , Saudi Arabia , Jordan , Pakistan , and the Gulf States .
“ Thus , when American public diplomacy talks about bringing democracy to Islamic societies , this is seen as no more than self - serving hypocrisy . ”
The report directly contradicted what Bush had been saying about “ why they hate us , ” letting the elephant out of the bag and into the room , so to speak .
But , you say , you did n’t hear much about that report either , despite 24 - hour cable “ news ” networks and the “ change - everything ” importance of 9/11 in justifying U.S. invasions of Afghanistan and Iraq ?
Creative Editing
If you ’ve read down this far , you will not be surprised that the FCM ignored the Defense Science Board findings for two months .
On Nov. 24 , 2004 , The New York Times , erstwhile “ newspaper of record , ” finally published a story on the report — but only after some highly instructive surgery .
Thom Shanker of the Times quoted the paragraph beginning with " Muslims do not ' hate our freedom ' " ( see above ) , but he or his editors deliberately cut out the following sentence about what Muslims do object to , i.e. , " what they see as one - sided support in favor of Israel and against Palestinian rights " and support for tyrannical regimes .
The Times did include the sentence that immediately followed the omitted one .
In other words , it was not simply a matter of shortening the paragraph .
Rather , the offending middle sentence fell victim to the “ delete ” key .
Similarly creative editing showed through the Times ' reporting in late October 2004 on a videotaped speech by Osama bin Laden .
Almost six paragraphs of the story made it onto page one , but the Times saw to it that the key point bin Laden made at the beginning of his speech was relegated to paragraphs 23 to 25 at the very bottom of page nine .
Buried there was bin Laden 's assertion that the idea for 9/11 first germinated after " we witnessed the oppression and tyranny of the American - Israeli coalition against our people in Palestine and Lebanon . "
There is other evidence regarding the Israeli - Palestinian motive behind 9/11 .
Though Khalid Sheikh Mohammed was not allowed to talk to the attorneys in the 2006 trial of 9/11 co-conspirator Zacarias Moussaoui , the judge did allow into the official record a statement by Mohammed on the “ Purpose of the 9/11 Attacks , ” which was drawn from “ numerous written summaries of Sheikh Mohammed ’s oral statements in response to extensive questioning . ”
The following statement from Sheikh Mohammed appears on page 11 of Defense Trial Exhibit 941 from “ United States v. Zacarias Moussaoui , Criminal No. 01-455 - A ” : “ Sheikh Mohammed said that the purpose of the attack on the Twin Towers was to ‘ wake the American people up . ’
Sheikh Mohammed said that if the target would have been strictly military or government , the American people would not focus on the atrocities that America is committing by supporting Israel against the Palestinian people and America ’s self - serving foreign policy that corrupts Arab governments and leads to further exploitation of the Arab / Muslim peoples . ”
Some recent articles about Mohammed ’s upcoming trial also have mentioned the Israel - Palestine motive behind 9/11 , though usually in passing and deep inside the stories .
For instance , Sunday ’s New York Times carries a front - page article giving a “ portrait of 9/11 ‘ Jackal , ’ ” Mohammed .
But one has to read deep into the jump on page 26 to learn that the original plan for the 9/11 attacks envisioned Mohammed flying on one of 10 planes that were to be hijacked and that “ he would be on the one plane not to crash , and after the plane landed would emerge and deliver a speech condemning American policy on Israel . ”
Revisionist View Yet , the Fawning Corporate Media wo n’t stop performing its creative editing – or creative composition – to obscure this motive .
Never mind what the 9/11 Commission Report said about Mohammed not being driven by resentments from his college days in North Carolina , the Washington Post offered a revisionist view on that point on Aug. 30 : “ KSM ’s limited and negative experience in the United States — which included a brief jail stay because of unpaid bills — almost certainly helped propel him on his path to becoming a terrorist , ” according to an intelligence summary , the Post reported .
“ He stated that his contact with Americans , while minimal , confirmed his view that the United States was a debauched and racist country . ”
A telling revision perhaps extracted from one of Mohammed ’s 183 waterboarding sessions – and certainly politically more convenient in that it obscured Mohammed ’s other explanation implicating “ U.S. foreign policy favoring Israel . ”
But let ’s look for a moment at the “ debauched and racist ” part .
Could Mohammed be speaking some truth here – and not just about his college days of the 1980s ?
Would the Washington Post ’s editors be so supportive of the “ war on terror ” if captives from a more favored ethnic or religious group were stripped naked before members of the opposite sex , put in diapers , immobilized with shackles in stress positions for long periods , denied sleep and made to soil themselves ?
In my view , racism comes very much into play here .
If Mohammed and other detainees looked more like us , would it be so easy to demonize and waterboard them ?
[ See , for example , Consortiumnews.com ’s “ Bush ’s Interrogators Stressed Nudity . ” ]
Unguarded Moments
At rare moments , however , hard truths about the 9/11 motivations slip out – although not in high - profile presidential speeches nor in Washington Post op - eds .
For instance , at a public hearing in June 2004 , 9/11 Commissioner Lee Hamilton asked a panel of government experts , “ What motivated them [ the hijackers ] to do it ? ”
The CIA analyst in the group is seen in some panic , directing his eyes toward the other panelists in the all - too - obvious hope that someone else will answer the politically loaded question .
FBI Supervisory Special Agent James Fitzgerald rose to the occasion , saying : “ I believe they feel a sense of outrage against the United States .
They identify with the Palestinian problem ; they identify with people who oppose oppressive regimes , and I believe they tend to focus their anger on the United States . ”
For Hamilton and his colleagues that proved to be a politically incorrect answer .
Ergo , you will not find that testimony in the 9/11 Commission Report .
And notably absent from the report ’s recommendations is any suggestion as to how one might address the question of Israeli treatment of Palestinians and U.S. support for it .
In their book Without Precedent : The Inside Story of the 9/11 Commission , Chairmen Thomas Kean and Lee Hamilton are unusually candid in admitting that this issue was so sensitive and contentious that they chose the course of least resistance .
Despite the findings of the Commission staff – and FBI Agent Fitzgerald – that the hijackers were not motivated by religious ideology , many of the Commissioners much preferred attributing the attacks to Islam than to U.S. policy toward Israel .
Kean and Hamilton explain that those commissioners were dead set against identifying Israel as a major factor motivating the terrorists , because someone might get the idea that Washington should reassess its policy .
But it ’s a legitimate and urgent question :
Would a more determined commitment by the U.S. government to secure an independent state for the Palestinians and to alleviate their suffering undercut the appeal of al - Qaeda and other extremist groups to young people in the Muslim world ?
Or put differently , why should ardent supporters of Israel in the U.S. Congress behave in such a way as to make the Muslim world view the United States as disinterested in the plight of the Palestinians and thus increase the danger of future attacks against the United States , as well as against Israel ?
The Goldstone Report
The rest of the world and most Americans opposed the Israeli strikes on Gaza last December and January that resulted in the killing of 1,400 Palestinians , with 13 Israelis also killed .
And there was wide criticism of the silence not only of the Bush / Cheney administration , but also of President - elect Barack Obama .
The UN - authorized investigation by the widely respected South African jurist , Richard Goldstone , himself a Jew , pointed to war crimes by both Israel and Hamas , although the inquiry ’s harshest criticism landed on Israel for the staggering civilian death toll .
This finding led Israel ’s Likud government to activate its powerful U.S. lobby , which pressed the House of Representatives to denounce the Goldstone report , which the House did on a 344 - 36 vote .
In a wondrous display of pot-and - kettle , House members branded the Goldstone report “ irredeemably biased . ”
Democratic House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer called the report “ unbalanced and unfair and inaccurate . ”
These so - called “ friends of Israel ” either do n’t know or do n’t care that this sort of resolution only makes matters worse regarding American attempts to defuse the explosive anger building across the Middle East .
It is a gift to al - Qaeda .
This U.S. pandering to the Likud Lobby – and the implicit suggestion that the lives of 1,400 Palestinians do n’t much matter – also is bad for the people of Israel .
Indeed , it may prove suicidal , by delaying the geopolitical imperative for Israel to make peace with its Arab neighbors and thus avert some future catastrophe .
Closer to home , by further identifying itself with – and justifying – Israeli repression of the Palestinians , the United States helps breed more Khalid Sheikh Mohammeds and Ramzi Yousefs , more young terrorists determined to make Washington and the American people pay a price .
It requires no logical leap to conclude that Likud - friendly lawmakers — the Steny Hoyers , the Howard Bermans , the Ileana Ros-Lehtinens of this world — could scarcely think up a better way to raise the threat level from terrorists who feed on festering sores like the calamity in Gaza .
Ray McGovern works with Tell the Word , the publishing arm of the ecumenical Church of the Saviour in inner-city Washington .
He worked as an Army intelligence officer and CIA analyst for almost 30 years , and is co-founder of Veteran Intelligence Professionals for Sanity ( VIPS ) .
He spent a few weeks in Israel and the occupied territories in summer 2008 .
To comment at Consortiumblog , click here .
( To make a blog comment about this or other stories , you can use your normal e-mail address and password .
Ignore the prompt for a Google account . )
To comment to us by e-mail , click here .
To donate so we can continue reporting and publishing stories like the one you just read , click here .
Back to Home Page
Since the Pakistani army launched a long - awaited offensive last month to destroy the Taliban in South Waziristan , many militants have fled to nearby districts and begun to establish new strongholds , a strategy that suggests they will regroup and remain a potent threat to the country ’s weak , U.S. - backed government .
Pakistani Taliban militants have escaped primarily to Kurram and Orakzai , districts outside the battle zone but still within Pakistan ’s largely ungoverned tribal areas along the Afghan border , villagers there say .
The military lacks a significant presence in much of these areas , making them an ideal environment for the Islamic militants to regroup .
Newly arrived militants have terrorized Pashtun residents and replenished their coffers through kidnappings and robberies , villagers said during interviews in the Kurram and Orakzai districts .
With AK - 47s and rocket launchers slung over their shoulders , the militants have begun patrols through the new territory and have set up checkpoints .
“ They come to our houses and terrorize us , ” said Fareed Ullah , a student in Weedara , a hamlet of mud-walled huts in central Kurram .
“ They are kidnapping our elders and stealing our cars .
We have no way of rising up against them , and there ’s no government here to help us .
. . .
Kurram is in trouble because of them . ”
Pakistani military commanders say that after five weeks of fighting , they are in the final stages of their offensive aimed at crushing Islamic insurgents in South Waziristan , a rugged expanse of mountains and plateaus that for years has served as the primary base of operations for the Pakistani Taliban and as a sanctuary for Al Qaeda fighters .
When the offensive began Oct. 17 , Pakistani military leaders said they faced a fighting force of as many as 10,000 battle - hardened militants .
Thus far , however , the army has put the number of militants killed at 500 .
None of the Pakistani Taliban ’s top leaders have been reported captured or killed .
And accounts from villagers in nearby districts suggest that many militants simply fled South Waziristan .
The 30,000 troops involved in the South Waziristan offensive have reported taking control of almost all the villages and roads once held there by Taliban militants .
At the start of the offensive , military commanders and government leaders said they wanted to wrap up the operation before winter set in .
They now say they are on track to meet that goal ahead of schedule .
In some cases , Pakistani troops met fierce resistance from Taliban militants and Al Qaeda - allied Uzbek fighters as they advanced on villages such as Kotkai and Sararogha , a key nerve center for the Pakistani Taliban .
In many places , however , troops found that Taliban and Al Qaeda militants had already left .
Army leaders say dislodging Taliban and Al Qaeda fighters from their strongholds may be enough to neutralize them .
“ Once dislodged , they will be disorganized , ” said Pakistani army spokesman Maj. Gen. Athar Abbas .
“ Their actions will not have that kind of coordination which was displayed when they were attacking our cities and towns . ”
However , militants have succeeded in engineering a devastating string of terrorist attacks on Pakistani cities that has coincided with the offensive .
Especially hard hit has been Peshawar , a northwestern city with a population of almost 3 million on the fringe of Pakistan ’s volatile tribal areas .
More than 245 people , most of them civilians , have been killed in 10 bomb attacks in the largely Pashtun city since early October .
Authorities believe militants fleeing South Waziristan to their new havens far closer to Peshawar are probably behind many of the attacks .
Taliban and Al Qaeda militants were able to easily flee South Waziristan , experts say , because government and military leaders announced their intent to carry out a major offensive in the region weeks before troops moved in .
That gave militants ample time to make their escape .
“ The strategy has been bad , ” said Imtiaz Gul , a security analyst based in Islamabad , the Pakistani capital .
“ You do n’t carry out operations after making such announcements .
This area gives them huge space for mobility .
So when crunch time comes , they can disperse to safer places , regroup , reorganize and hit the state somewhere else . ”
The Obama administration has said it is pleased with gains made by the Pakistani military against the Taliban in South Waziristan .
But U.S. officials have nonetheless questioned Pakistan ’s resolve to find and eliminate Al Qaeda leaders and commanders believed to have been hiding there .
Villagers in Kurram and Orakzai , as well as two Orakzai - based Taliban commanders , say Al Qaeda - aligned Arab , Chechen and Uzbek fighters from South Waziristan are now in their villages .
“ From their faces we can see they are foreigners , ” said Jaleel Rahman , a Pashtun of the village of Marghan in central Kurram .
“ Sometimes they speak in Arabic , sometimes in English .
Their leaders stay at the houses of influential people in our area .
And we ca n’t do anything about it . ”
Almost always , militants fleeing South Waziristan arrive at night in large groups piled into Toyota Land Cruisers and pickup trucks , villagers say .
The newcomers have established hide - outs in the foothills and mountains skirting the villages , and have been seen digging trenches in mountainsides .
Without any troops to confront them , they freely roam through villages , demanding money , food and guns .
“ They are in the hundreds here , ” said Sher Muhammad , a tribesman in the village of Tandar in central Kurram .
“ They tell us to do what they do .
And whatever they like , they get by force . ”
Both the Orakzai and Kurram districts had large sections controlled by Pakistani Taliban militants before fighters from South Waziristan began appearing .
However , the Taliban presence in those districts was n’t considered as large as the militant group ’s forces in South Waziristan , long considered the hub for terrorism in Pakistan .
Maulana Zainul Abideen , a Pakistani Taliban commander in the Orakzai region , said during an interview in his village of Dabori that locals have set aside empty houses for fellow militants and their families arriving from South Waziristan .
“ They accompany us wherever we go on patrol , ” Abideen said .
“ They contacted our elders , and our elders allowed them to come here . ”
Another Taliban commander in the Orakzai region , Mufti Khursheed , said the fleeing militants had to agree they would not “ carry out any activity without us , would have to patrol with us and would join us wherever we need them .
They will not take any step without our permission . ”
Pakistani fighter jets and helicopter gunships have stepped up airstrikes on suspected Taliban hide - outs in Orakzai and Kurram , military leaders say .
But analysts say that may not be enough .
Once South Waziristan is secured , some say , a ground offensive either in Orakzai or Kurram may be needed to keep the Taliban from establishing strongholds there on a par with what it had in South Waziristan .
The military says it plans to keep a sizable troop presence in South Waziristan to hold the ground gained , just as it did in its previous Swat Valley offensive .
“ The militants have the capacity to regroup and come back , ” said retired Gen. Talat Masood , an Islamabad - based defense analyst .
“ They should not be allowed to consolidate . . . .
South Waziristan has been a tactical success of sorts , but by no means is it a victory . ”
alex.rodriguez@latimes.com
Special correspondents Rasheed Khan in the Kurram district and Hassan Mahmood in the Orakzai district contributed to this report .
The formula for creative thinking is pretty elusive , but scientists have a few evidence - based clues .
While the brain ’s right hemisphere gets most of the credit for thinking outside the box , evidence shows that a collaborative effort between the right and left hemispheres may bring the best results .
Scientists say that it is the fixed rules of the left hemisphere that keeps a logical check on the broad brainstorming of the right hemisphere .
So you wind up with super creative , yet practical , ideas .
In fact , a study published this week in the journal Brain and Cognition shows that when you boost the level of communication between the right and left hemispheres your creativity increases .
Sixty - two subjects performed a creativity task , where they had to come up with as many alternate uses for common objects like , a paper clip , pencil , shoe , etc. as they could in one minute .
After this initial task researchers asked subjects to move their eyes to follow a target as it moved horizontally left to right for 30 seconds .
This exercise is thought to increase the cross - talk between the hemispheres .
Then the subjects completed the creative task again .
Results were surprising .
Subjects came up with significantly more unique uses for the everyday items , than the control group who stared straight ahead .
So when brainstorming ideas for that new Thanksgiving dish or the name of your unborn son , maybe try bilateral eye movement which , in the words of science , increases your inter - hemispheric interaction , and in turn increases your options .
— Christie Nicholson
[ Above is the original script .
But a few changes may have been made during the recording of this audio podcast . ]
Recently by Gary North : Kicking the Can While Riding a Tiger
“ To see what is in front of one ’s nose needs a constant struggle . ” ~
George Orwell
We are seeing the beginning of a social revolution .
This revolution will spread to politics .
It is happening under our noses .
A revolution involves five crucial elements : ( 1 ) a new view of sovereignty ; ( 2 ) a new view of authority ; ( 3 ) a new view of law ; ( 4 ) a new view of sanctions ; ( 5 ) a new view of the future .
Any revolution that does not involve all five is more of a coup than a revolution : a substitution of new rulers for old , not a change in the system .
The battles for the hearts and minds of men are being fought today in all five areas .
Points three through five are still up for grabs .
These are intensely ethical issues .
They are intensely religious .
They will not be decided by technology .
There is no group and no worldview that has a clear advantage in these three areas .
But the outcome of the battle over points one and two is going to be decided in terms of digits : the digits of the Internet and the digits known as money .
In both areas , the existing Establishments of the world are under attack .
I am convinced they are going to lose .
National governments have controlled the flow of information and the money supply for centuries .
But with the advent of digits , the cost of maintaining this control keeps getting higher .
The cost of communications keeps falling .
Therefore , the cost of maintaining control increases .
This is the battle over legitimacy .
The battle over authority is funded on both sides — rulers and ruled — in terms of money .
The world ’s central banks are keeping the banking system going by inflating the money supply .
This is now creating a crisis of authority .
I think there are two men who represent this battle in the United States : Ron Paul and Ben Bernanke .
Obama is a minor character .
If McCain had won , he would be a minor character .
If the governments lose this battle , this will create a crisis of legitimacy .
Political Revolutions as Capture
Historically , political revolutions have involved a capture of the existing political order .
The more centralized the national government was before the revolution , the easier it is to capture power .
The classic examples are the French Revolution and the Russian Revolution .
France in 1789 was the most centralized nation in Europe .
It was the richest country .
Its government was bankrupt .
It was the hotbed of propaganda and secret societies favoring democracy .
Russia in 1917 was involved in a losing war .
Its treasury was empty .
Its ruler was distant .
It was a massive bureaucracy .
There was a growing ideological movement for democracy and socialism .
At the heart of every political revolution is an argument for the illegitimacy of the existing civil government .
Without this , it ’s just another movement by another special - interest group — a fringe group too weak to get into the inner circle .
The crucial social revolution in Western history was the result of Christianity .
It produced a non-violent political revolution .
The church did not call for violence .
It simply taught that the emperors were not divine .
That was an assault on the Roman Empire ’s legitimacy .
That was why some emperors oversaw the persecution of Christians .
But the Christians were correct .
The emperors were not divine .
Then came proof :
Rome went steadily bankrupt , destroying its currency , and was replaced by a new system of faith .
The best book on this is Ethelbert Stauffer ’s Christ and the Caesars ( 1955 ) .
Philosophy was involved in this social revolution .
Law and ethics were involved .
Theology was involved .
Public ritual was involved .
You can read about this in Charles Norris Cochrane ’s great book , Christianity and Classical Culture ( 1944 ) .
But , at bottom , it was a shift in legitimacy that caused the political revolution .
That revolution was successful .
Why ?
Because it was preceded by a social revolution that took three centuries .
No one could see in A.D. 33 that over the next 300 years , the Roman Empire would be replaced .
There were revolutionary groups in Palestine and elsewhere .
Of what importance was a dead ex-carpenter whose crazy followers said had risen from the dead and ascended into the sky ?
The correct answer was this : enormous .
Great oaks grow from acorns .
Cumulative change eventually breaks the system .
Jesus taught this : “ And no man putteth new wine into old bottles ; else the new wine will burst the bottles , and be spilled , and the bottles shall perish ” ( Luke 5:37 ) .
We are experiencing a taste of new wine .
Jesus taught through the use of pocketbook parables : money .
People understand money — not in theory , but in practice .
I shall begin my discussion of the revolution with a discussion of money and alternative money : gold .
The Price of Gold
With gold above $ 1,100 , a lot of public attention is now focused on the dollar .
The price of gold has always been considered a vote of confidence or no confidence in the dollar .
But it is not just the dollar that has depreciated against gold ; almost all other currencies have done so over the last six months .
From the day Nixon ceased allowing the Treasury Department to deliver gold on demand by foreign governments and central banks , a rising price of gold has been regarded by government officials as a vote of no confidence against those officials and their policies .
There has always been official hostility to gold , precisely because governments resent the fact that citizens are allowed to issue a vote of no confidence in their policies by purchasing gold .
Americans could not legally buy gold bullion until January 1 , 1975 .
For decades , central bankers have systematically sold gold into the market in order to lower its price .
They do not care about the price of any other commodity ; they care only about gold .
Gordon Brown a decade ago , when he was Chancellor of the Exchequer , sold half of Britain ’s gold reserves at less than $ 300 an ounce .
By all standards , this was an act of economic stupidity .
But Brown has never been criticized effectively in public for what he did .
There was no public outrage .
The man is now Prime Minister of Great Britain , despite the fact that he cost the British government something in the range of $ 10 billion .
The war between central bankers and gold is an old war .
I have written about this in my ebook , The Gold Wars .
It has to do with public perception .
Gold ’s price is not rising because millions of people are attempting to take back control over the banking system .
There is no thought by most investors that gold is going to be money anytime soon , or ever .
It is merely a commodity which is expected to appreciate in relation to money .
Its rising price is a vote of no -confidence in fiat money ; it is not a mandate for restructuring the world ’s markets to function on a gold coin standard .
I wish it were .
People who have been in the gold bug camp for several decades are tempted to believe that their ideological position is about to be justified .
They want to believe that the public is finally coming to its senses .
They want to believe that people who buy gold are implicit gold bugs , who are ready to pressure the government to set up a gold standard .
Unfortunately , there is almost no awareness by the general public about what a gold standard would look like .
At best , they imagine that it would be some kind of restraint on the expansion of government currency .
The reality is this : central banks run the economies in every nation , and have for almost a century .
Central bankers are not about to surrender sovereignty over money just because a relative handful of investors accumulate gold as an investment .
In the case of India , fathers purchase gold jewelry for their daughters ’ dowries .
That constitutes no threat to the existing fiat money order .
Nevertheless , central bankers and politicians resent the fact that the public has the legal right to go into the marketplace and buy a commodity that is traditionally purchased as a way to protect people against the debasement of the nation ’s currency .
Politicians and central bankers understand that when gold rises above traditional levels , the public is made aware of the fact that something is fundamentally wrong with the monetary system .
If the monetary system were being managed properly , gold would bump along at a traditional price .
But when it leaps upward , the public is alerted to the fact that something has changed in monetary policy .
Gold may not be a very good inflation hedge in the near term , but over centuries , it has served as the most reliable single hedge against the debasement of currencies .
We are now seeing a change of perspective on the part of central bankers .
When India this month purchased half of the proposed gold sale of the International Monetary Fund , it sent a message to central bankers in the West .
India ’s finance minister actually told the press that he thought Western currencies are bankrupt .
In India , it is politically acceptable for the central bank to accumulate gold , even though gold pays no rate of interest .
The fact of the matter is , the U.S. Treasury today pays virtually no interest on 90 - day T - bills .
So , the Indian central bank had a choice : buy a commodity that is appreciating versus a commodity that is depreciating , neither of which pays any interest .
It did not take a rocket scientist to make the correct decision .
It is a politically popular decision in India , and the central bank was admitting in full public view that the leaders of the country no longer fully trust the value of the dollar and the other Western currencies .
This was a major event .
It was a major event because it was an open acknowledgment by a central bank that now has over quarter of trillion dollars of reserves in foreign currencies that it is no longer going to play the fall guy for the Treasury Departments and central banks of the West .
It was an open admission by an Asian central bank against the United States , the European Central Bank , and the Bank of Japan .
It was unlikely that the Indian central bank was going to buy Chinese currency under the circumstances .
So , in order to announce their doubts about the future purchasing power of Western currencies , the decision - makers in India ’s central bank decided to make a symbolic public act of defiance .
It bought the traditional money which has always been popular in the history of India .
It bought $ 6.7 billion worth of gold .
This is chump change for India ’s central bank .
I grew up in a world in which India was poverty - stricken .
The thought of India as a significant player in international markets was unthinkable .
India was a basket case .
Western foreign aid poured in India just to feed millions of Indians , in addition to far more millions of rats , who consumed at least half of the grain sent to India .
The rats lived in the grain warehouses .
India ’s economy was a joke .
Yet here we are , a decade after India began to repeal the regulatory nightmare that had been the Indian economy , and is now sitting on top of a quarter trillion dollars worth of foreign debt certificates .
The turnabout took place so fast that nobody noticed .
The growth of the Chinese economy got all the headlines , but the growth of the Indian economy was also spectacular .
In the history of economic affairs , India is second only to China in terms of the speed of economic growth of a large country .
Asia is beginning to break away from the Western alliance .
Asian politicians have begun to smell blood in the West .
The enormous deficits that the Western industrial nations are running have sent a warning signal to Asian politicians and central bankers .
The message is clear : the West is beyond the point of no return .
There is no way that Western governments are going to reverse these massive deficits , and there is no way that they ’re going to be able to pay off these deficits with anything except fiat money .
If the deficits are paid off through inflation , Western buyers will no longer be the source of profitability for exporters in China and India .
On the other hand , if Western governments cease to sell their debt to their own central banks , or to foreign central banks , then there is going to be a dramatic rise in interest rates in the West .
That is going to create a depression .
Again , there is no particular advantage for large Asian nations to build up an export - based economy if the Western economies are going to be facing either mass inflation or else a depression , in which demand for imports from Asia will fall like a stone .
Asian central bankers now have to face reality .
If they cling to the old mercantilism , exporting for Western currencies that can be used mainly to buy Western debt issued by Western governments , what is the point ?
What good does it do to export your country ’s wealth and exchange for promises that cannot be repaid by the governments that issued the promises ?
The decision of the Indian central bank to buy half of the IMF ’s gold was a public announcement that Asian politicians and central bankers have begun to see the end of the road .
They have begun to see that Western buyers of Asian products are not good credit risks any longer .
The Indian decision - makers are beginning to sense that they are sitting on top of a pile of IOUs that are not going to be repaid .
They have accepted hundreds of billions of dollars worth of IOUs , and these IOUs are payable in the domestic currencies of the nations issued the IOUs .
This extension of credit is a loser ’s game .
It has taken Asian politicians and central bankers two decades to figure this out .
Now that they are beginning to come to their senses , people who want to hedge against the decline of their own nation ’s currencies are finding that they might as well get in to the deal .
Why leave gold for central bankers to hoard ?
Why not buy it now , and take advantage of any future price increases ?
The governments can break the gold market easily .
All they have to do is cease inflating .
Or , if this is not enough , they can begin to deflate .
They can begin to sell debt certificates that serve as the monetary base .
They can let private citizens hold these IOUs .
The money paid to the central bank to purchase the government IOUs is then not put back into circulation .
The fractional reserve process begins to contract , interest rates begin to go up , the economy moves back to recession and then plummets into depression .
This is the price of breaking the gold market .
The politicians and central bankers do not want to pay this price .
Central bankers have another way of driving down the price of gold .
They can sell any gold reserves held by the central bank .
The problem is , India ’s decision to purchase half of the offering made by the IMF indicates that the beneficiaries of such sales will be foreign central banks .
The gold will not enter private markets , so the price of gold will not go down .
All that the central bankers of the West will accomplish is to transfer the only really valuable long - term asset that Western central banks hold .
This will not accomplish the goal of the Western central banks , namely , to drive down the price of gold in private markets .
On the contrary , the decision of the IMF to sell half its gold to India ’s government drove up the price of gold .
It sent a signal to gold investors , namely , that Asian central banks are willing and able to buy gold sold by Western central banks .
That put a seeming floor under the price of gold .
I do n’t think that there is any magical number below which gold cannot and will not fall .
But the decision of India ’s central bank to purchase all that gold did send a message : the bank may buy more gold if it falls below a price in the range of $ 1,000 an ounce .
It may even buy gold at $ 1,100 an ounce .
This has given a sense of confidence to gold investors around the world .
We now see a kind of mini - gold rush around the world .
Most people still own no gold .
Most hedge funds own no gold .
Certainly the major mutual funds do not hold gold .
Gold is still considered politically incorrect .
As a result , conventional investors and conventional managers of publicly traded and publicly held funds avoid gold .
But , at some point , if the price continues upward , these fund managers are going to have to face the threat of withdrawals of money from their funds if they do not compete and offer gold investments of some kind .
Conventional opinion is hostile to gold , but conventional fund managers are willing to buy some gold , if that is what it takes to keep investors in their funds from departing .
The average investor does not know about gold coins , or ETFs for gold , or the commodity futures market .
He does n’t yet know how to buy gold .
He is going to find out when gold continues upward .
I think gold is going to continue to move upward .
If bankers begin to lend even 25 % of the money they hold as excess reserves with the Federal Reserve , the expansion of M1 is going to create serious inflationary effects .
When those effects become obvious to people , they are going to go down to the local pawn shop , or local coin store , and by some coins .
Because of the thinness of the market for gold , a large - scale infusion of funds would drive up its price .
Private investors are now competing against Asian central bankers to purchase IMF gold .
The IMF will get a good price , which ought to be the IMF ’s only goal .
We are going to see an increasing demand for gold by the general public until such time as it becomes clear that Asian central banks are not going to buy any of the gold that Western central banks or government - supported enterprises will offer on the market .
End the FED
Simultaneously , there is growing political awareness among the far Right fringe , meaning us , that the Federal Reserve for the first time in over 90 years is vulnerable to public criticism .
The resistance of the Federal Reserve to the House ’s proposed law to mandate an independent audit of the Federal Reserve has sent a message to those people who listened to Ron Paul a year ago , and who have now figured out that the Federal Reserve System is the enemy .
The Federal Reserve System has always had enemies , but these enemies were confined to the extreme Right and the extreme Left , and therefore had no political clout .
The Federal Reserve System is now front - page news .
Its enemies , whether from the right or left , are now in a position to embarrass the FED , calling attention to all sorts of indiscretions , manipulations , and outright chicanery .
Federal Reserve officials have never faced this before .
This is altogether for the good .
As criticism of the Federal Reserve increases , which it will , Federal Reserve officials will have to justify their policies before Congress and before the public .
It ’s not that Congress is going to set up some sort of independent Treasury that will take over the functions of the Federal Reserve System .
That was done in the Jackson administration and Van Buren ’s administration .
We are not going to return to that era .
What we are going to see is attention being paid to the specific manipulations by the Federal Reserve System .
The FED is going to come under the equivalent of Sherlock Holmes ’ magnifying glass .
The Federal Reserve System is not prepared to answer questions raised by the public .
It has never had to answer these questions in the past , and so it grew arrogant .
There is little likelihood that the public is sufficiently well - organized to dismantle the Federal Reserve , but The FED is being embarrassed continually .
Bureaucrats resent this .
They are poor at deflecting criticism .
The FED hired a public relations firm for the first time a year ago .
This indicates how much trouble the FED is having with criticism .
For the first time in my lifetime , the Federal Reserve has to defend itself in public .
Never before has there been a well - informed audience willing to listen to detailed criticisms of the operations of the Federal Reserve .
Ron Paul ’s candidacy in the 2008 and his new book , End the Fed , have combined with the technology of the Internet to create a growing audience of skeptics regarding the Federal Reserve .
This is a tiny movement , and it is not organized in any sense , but it is capable of sending out e-mails with links to articles criticizing the Federal Reserve .
The spread of information is inexpensive today , and the power of YouTube videos is great .
The Federal Reserve is not yet in a position to defend itself effectively .
I have never seen a video produced by the Federal Reserve System that plausibly explains why the crisis happened in 2008 , and that the crisis was not the fault of the Federal Reserve .
In fact , I have seen no videos produced by the Federal Reserve .
The public relations team is apparently unfamiliar with YouTube .
In contrast , there are dozens of effective criticisms of the Federal Reserve that you can get on YouTube and other video sites .
Criticism of the central bank is criticism of the heart of the Establishment ’s control .
Why ?
Because no other powerful institution has equal autonomy .
No other institution controls the central economic lever in society : money .
No other institution has been able to escape public observation , criticism , and reform for as long as the Federal Reserve has .
In the last 18 months , an articulate critic of the Federal Reserve , Ron Paul , has been able to attract what appears to be millions of listeners who are aware of the fact that the Federal Reserve System is the enemy of sound money .
This is a classic example of what Albert J. Nock referred to as the Remnant .
The Internet has provided the Remnant with the ability to find information that had always been blocked in the past .
Google and other search engines are enabling them to narrow their focus down to topics that were previously so obscure that almost nobody knew about them .
Combine this with e-mail , Facebook , MySpace , and Twitter , and you have the mobilization of the ants against the elephant .
Controlling the Media
Before we can have a political transformation , the public has to think about why the transformation is mandatory .
Usually , the elitists are the effective promoters of political transformation .
They have controlled the media in the past .
They have hired the writers , producers , and the technicians to get across their idea of why a particular reform needs to be implemented .
Today , however , low - cost communications technology , especially free videos , has placed in the hands of creative individuals the ability to create public relations havoc for the Establishment .
The Establishment does not know what to do about this .
The fact that NBC television is about to be purchased by a cable company is indicative of the transformation .
The broadcasting organizations have relied on Federal regulation and Federal laws against rival networks .
The Federal Communications Commission has been central for over 80 years in controlling what gets broadcast to the general public on the airwaves .
Now the Internet has launched a successful end run around the Federal Communications Commission .
Furthermore , satellite radio and television have spread anti-Establishment information .
The cable networks have eroded market share of the networks to such a degree that a major network is about to be swallowed up by a cable company .
This indicates that the levers of ideological control that the Establishment has relied on for over a century no longer serve as levers .
There are too many levers out there today .
For successful political reform to take place , there has to be an articulate leader or group of leaders criticizing the existing system .
There also has to be an informed minority , even a small minority , of citizens who have decided that it is time to change the system .
What is needed at this point is a crisis .
President Obama ’s chief administrator , Rahm Emanuel , has said that he does n’t think a government should waste a crisis .
Like most Left - wing politicians , he thinks that a crisis offers an opportunity for politicians to centralize control over the public .
In the past , this has been the case .
But a crisis in the Federal budget , coupled with a rise in unemployment , has created a special kind of national crisis .
This crisis enables critics of the government to spread doubts about the wisdom , competence , and morality of the politicians doing the centralizing .
This crisis has called into question the entire political system .
There is a growing group of citizens who are convinced that the system cannot be reformed , that it must be shut down , and that any further compromise with it will work against them .
This is a very small group , but it is growing .
In the past , critics have not been able to communicate with each other on a cost - effective basis .
This has kept them from sharing information , and it has kept them from mobilization .
This is no longer the case today .
We are seeing the development of an unorganized yet connected network of well - informed critics of the existing political and economic system .
Half a century ago , F. A. Hayek called this the spontaneous order .
We are now seeing the advent of an orderly yet unorganized network of critics of the existing political system .
This undermines the legitimacy of the system .
Above all other factors in political life , legitimacy is the central factor .
If a social order loses legitimacy in the eyes of those who participate in it , it is only a matter of time until that social order is transformed .
It may be transformed from the top by an elite , or it may be transformed by a plague , or it may be transformed by a lost war , or it may be transformed by an economic collapse , but it will be transformed .
The existing American political establishment is facing a crisis of legitimacy .
This has not happened in the United States since 1865 .
The expansion of Federal power that has taken place since the outbreak of the Civil War has been relentless .
There has not been a single period in which this process has reversed .
In every era , the expansion of Federal power over the economy and over social institutions has been like a ratchet .
For a brief period it may not move forward , but it never moves back .
This is why we are facing a Federal debt ( off - budget and on - budget ) in the range of $ 80 trillion .
This is why the Federal deficit is increasing by a trillion dollars a year , meaning the on - budget deficit .
The off - budget deficit is probably increasing in the range of seven trillion dollars a year .
This is the unfunded Social Security and Medicare budget .
The system is going to break .
The ability of Washington to send out checks to everybody to whom it promised checks is going to fail .
The checks will not be sent out , or else they will not be for money that will buy much .
The Federal government is going to default in some form .
I believe that it is likely to default by raising taxes on existing workers and simultaneously cutting benefits to beneficiaries .
This may be cuts in the income of existing beneficiaries , of whom I am an obvious case , or it may be a delay of the advent of the benefits to those who been promised the benefits .
The retirement age for Social Security may be raised , or perhaps there will be some system of means - testing for Medicare recipients .
But , in some form , there is going to be a default .
The Climate of Revolution
The classic situation that precedes a political revolution is when a government has promised benefits to large numbers of people , and then it reneges on the benefits .
For years , things seem to be getting better .
The government takes credit for things getting better .
Then things then get unprecedentedly worse .
This happened immediately before the French Revolution .
It happened immediately before the Russian Revolution .
It happened a decade before the American Revolution .
We forget about this .
The American Revolution began in response to relatively mild increases of taxation that were required to pay for British troops in the United States .
The French and Indian War ( 1757 — 63 ) had eliminated the threat of the French , so the Americans assumed that they would be the beneficiaries .
The British government decided that Americans should pay for the quartering of troops in the colonies , in order to defend the new western borders against any future incursions by the French .
The Americans had thought it was going to be no taxes and lots of new land .
The British imposed new taxes and restrictions on the westward movement of the population .
Then came the Stamp Act of 1765 .
That was all it took for the beginning of the end of the British Empire in North America .
It began to erode the legitimacy of the British Empire in the eyes of North American British citizens .
As the legitimacy of the regime declined , the opportunity for Sam Adams , Patrick Henry , and other anti-imperialists made possible the American Revolution .
Revolutions in the past have been through the centralization of power .
The one exception to this was the American Revolution , but that exception only lasted for five years : 1783 — 1788 .
The Constitution centralized power enormously in comparison to the Articles of Confederation .
After 1788 , the process of centralization increased relentlessly .
There is not a single period in American history from 1789 until this year in which there was any serious reduction of Federal power .
The French Revolution and the Russian Revolution centralized existing hierarchical systems that were already more centralized than other countries in the West .
A political revolution aimed at capturing power in Washington is inherently self - defeating .
It will simply add to the existing process of centralization that has gone on since 1789 .
A political revolution has to involve the transformation of the legal order .
Without a transformation of the legal order , there is no revolution .
There is only a coup .
It does not pay to run a coup .
A revolution favoring freedom must involve something like a return to what existed in the days of the Articles of Confederation .
If this is not the direction of the revolution , then it will simply be business as usual .
It is not good enough to reform the Federal Reserve System .
The Federal Reserve System must be abolished .
This is the proper approach of thinking about the revolution .
Ron Paul has written a book called The Revolution .
He has also written a book called End the Fed .
This is the correct approach .
We must not try to strengthen the system , or reform the system , or make the system more efficient .
We must abolish the system , agency by agency .
Ultimately , this could mean secession .
At the very least , it means decentralization back in the direction of what the Articles of Confederation provided .
It is no accident that no high school history textbook or college history textbook has ever devoted much space to the Articles of Confederation .
There is virtually no discussion of the details of that document .
Almost no one , including people who have Ph.D. ’s in early American history , has ever sat down and read the Articles of Confederation , let alone a volume of analysis of the articles .
This is because the victors write the history books .
The anti-Federalists did not win the state ratifying conventions in 1788 .
The Federalists won , and they and their heirs have written the history textbooks .
Because globalization has decentralized authority over production and distribution , it has led to a way of unifying individuals across nations .
The international division of labor is a result of the development of globalization .
With the spread of the free market , we have the possibility of reducing the power of national governments without causing an economic crisis at the local level .
The difficulty is this : to reduce the power of the national governments in a period in which the Establishment is attempting to create an international government reduces the ability of locals to resist .
So , for any long - term political transformation to be effective , there has got to be a reduction of sovereignty and legitimacy for both the national government and the international government .
There has to be a realization that anything that concentrates power at the top is a threat to liberty .
This strategy is not yet understood in conservative circles .
It is especially not understood among those traditional conservatives and all neoconservatives who believe the United States government has a moral responsibility to police the world by means of its military .
Every time this nation extends the power of the military , it extends the power of the State Department .
Anybody who thinks that the United States military should be funded to police the world ought to have a picture on his desk .
It would be a picture of Hillary Clinton in a general ’s uniform .
That is what the expansion of military power means .
It means a transfer of authority to the State Department .
We need images to remind us of this , and I think an image of Hillary Clinton with the general ’s uniform is just about right .
It was bad enough when her husband was Commander - in - Chief .
Ron Paul is the first politician to get a national audience in favor of limited government since Grover Cleveland .
Paul is the first politician to offer a systematic , integrated , Constitutional case for shrinking the Federal government .
In the 1950s , Sen. Robert A. Taft and Congressman Howard Buffett of Omaha were articulate defenders of a government somewhat like that which is defended by Ron Paul .
But Buffett was unknown , and Taft was a compromiser .
Taft ’s voting record always testified against his ideological defense of freedom .
Ron Paul ’s voting record is consistent with his ideology .
That was also true of Howard Buffett , but nobody knew who Howard Buffett was .
They know who Ron Paul is .
Compared to where Ron Paul was when I worked for him in 1976 , this is a whole new ball game .
It is a new ball game because of the Internet .
Ron Paul and Matt Drudge are the supreme representatives of the threat posed by the Internet to every Establishment on earth .
Matt Drudge was able to get a President impeached .
Ron Paul was able to get the slogan “ End the Fed ” in front of hundreds of thousands and maybe millions of Americans .
This could not have been possible without the Internet .
In my view , this is the greatest single irony in the history of big government .
The Internet was developed by the U.S. Army in order to decentralize communications because of the threat of an atomic attack .
It was the expansion of the military that made possible the development of the technological infrastructure which , more than any other invention in the history of man , now poses a threat to every Establishment in the world .
This development has enabled the members of hard - core fringe groups to communicate with each other , and to get out the message that they most love : the incompetence and malevolence of the Establishment .
It does n’t matter which Establishment we are talking about ; every Establishment now has an unorganized but orderly audience dedicated to its overthrow .
Price Competition
Anyone who thinks we have not entered a new era is naïve .
The central economic phenomenon today is price competition .
Whenever any technological development undercuts the existing cost basis of any established sector of the economy , it poses a threat to that sector .
Peter Drucker ’s rule is this : when a new technology sells for 10 % of the old technology , the old technology is doomed .
Think “ handmade Swiss watches . ”
There is nothing that the defenders of that technology can do to stop the destruction of their industry .
This is taking place daily in the field of communications .
The newspapers are dying .
The TV networks are dying .
All of this is taking place because of the cost reductions involved in telecommunications by the Internet .
There is nothing that the Establishment can do about this .
It can try to regulate it .
If the FCC does , Congress will get a firestorm of opposition .
The ability of members of the Internet to get out communications to other participants about a looming Federal regulation is so great that the opponents can shut down Congress .
They can organize call - in campaigns that literally will make it impossible for anyone else to phone Congress .
They can flood Congress with e-mails .
They can terrorize Congress .
There is no possible way today for any bureaucracy in Washington to fundamentally reverse the development of the Internet .
Politically , it would be suicidal for any politician to take a stand against the expansion of influence of the Internet .
Joe Lewis was right : they can run , but they ca n’t hide .
There are very few areas left in American society today in which the Left is dominant in a field which has not been subject to tremendous competitive pressure by the Internet .
One of these is higher education .
The Left still controls the universities .
Another is the production of movies .
The barriers to entry here are very great .
There are financial barriers .
There are barriers associated with particular skills of production .
There are barriers to distribution .
But all these barriers will fall .
The enormous effect of price competition on technology is going to enable outsiders to do an end run around Hollywood and the theater system .
This is already being done by DVDs .
With the rise of YouTube and similar organization such as Netflix , the movie theaters are going to be limited to date night for teenagers .
The movie theaters will not be crucial to the distribution of profitable movies .
We are on the cusp of a political transformation .
The technology is on our side .
The communications system is on our side .
Articulate and even inarticulate critics of the existing political system have the ability to spread their message of discontent as never before in the history of man .
The fundamental political fact of our era is an escalating crisis in legitimacy for the Establishment .
As the crisis of the economy becomes more obvious to more people , and as it becomes obvious that the government and the central bank are unable to reverse the effects of the previous Keynesian policies , the public is going to withdraw legitimacy from the central government .
There will be two competing strains of opinion , as there always are .
One group will call for centralization .
It will appeal to the fears of the general public about the immediate economic crisis .
The public will respond to these fears .
But , at the same time , there will be discontent with these proposed solutions by a growing minority of citizens who do not respond as citizens traditionally have responded , namely , to call for even more centralization .
This is the great conflict politically in our time .
This conflict is going to increase .
There is going to be a push for centralization nationally , as the crisis unfolds , and there will be resistance as never before .
We are seeing already an attempt by the elite to expand their program , inaugurated no later than 1919 , to create a one - world government .
The failure of national governments to foresee the crisis in the economy in 2007 is being used as justification for the expansion of international power over the economy .
This appeal is beginning to lose steam .
Even if there is additional power granted to these government agencies on an international level , the ability of these agencies to impose negative sanctions against countries that refuse to cooperate is limited .
There is no method for imposing sanctions at the international level which will enable the internationalists to complete the centralization of the world economy .
They waited too long .
The new economy has developed without them .
The growth of trade , the free flow of capital , and above all , the free flow of information have all combined to create a system of political defense that will not tolerate interference by unelected bureaucrats 5,000 miles away .
The bureaucrats may think they can get away with this , but they will not get away with it .
They do not have the level of control over communications comparable to what they had in 1945 .
They are never going to get it back .
If we take seriously the Austrian theory of the trade cycle , we know what lies ahead .
There will be escalating monetary inflation , followed by escalating price inflation leading to hyperinflation , or else there will be a stabilization of money .
If there is a stabilization of money , interest rates will rise , the Federal government will become essentially bankrupt , and the economy will fall into a depression .
In either case , whether hyperinflation or depression and a bankrupt Federal government , the division of labor is going to shrink .
Our net worth is going to fall .
Our productivity is going to fall .
Our income is going to fall .
But all of this is the price that must be paid for what is really important , namely , the removal of legitimacy from national governments around the world .
What is required for anything resembling decentralization or even secession is a crisis that is beyond the ability of the central governments of the world to overcome .
The crisis has got to be painful enough to remind the general population that the central government cannot be trusted to fix anything .
The central government has got to lose its ability to influence the economy .
This is what is going to happen .
It is already happening .
What happened in the second half of 2008 is indicative of just how close the central government came to losing control over the entire banking system and the economy .
The Plan
No one has a comprehensive plan to reform the system .
This is a good thing .
The system is too complex .
The whole idea of Hayek ’s spontaneous order is that no central - planning agency can assemble the information necessary to plan .
No system of sanctions could enforce it anyway .
Who would be able to impose such a liberating plan without coercion ?
Let me give you an example I have used in the past .
In the early 1970s , the man who was the Superintendent of Public Instruction for the state of Arizona was able to get a course in the free market made mandatory in all public high schools .
He was a friend of Leonard Read , who headed the Foundation for Economic Education .
He called Read to tell them about the good news about the new course .
Immediately , Read responded : “ I see .
You have implemented a compulsory course in freedom . ”
That was all he had to say .
That was all anybody has to say .
We do not need a compulsory course in freedom in America ’s public schools .
What we need is the complete de-funding of America ’s public schools .
We need to do what Andrew Jackson did with the Second Bank of the United States .
He simply refused to recharter it .
He pulled the government ’s money out of it .
He let it compete in a free market .
Within a few years , it was bankrupt .
This is what we need to do with Federal Reserve System .
This is what we need to do with the Department of Energy , the Department of Education , the Department of Health and Human Services , and about everything else in Washington .
We do not need to reform them ; we need to stop funding them .
We need to pull the plug .
What can we do ?
This : vote no on every local bond issue .
I can legally do this , and I always do .
I always have .
That is the attitude we must have with every budget in Washington .
People want to know what my plan would accomplish .
My plan is for everybody to keep a larger percentage of his income than he does today .
It may not be a very sophisticated plan , but given the spontaneous order of the free market , it is sufficient to enable individuals to regain their freedom .
I do not think all conservative organizations could or should get together to hammer out a plan , even if they wanted to .
I do n’t think they should want to .
Let each group focus on its most hated boondoggle in Washington , and then persuade as many people as possible for the boondoggle to be shut down .
I believe in the division of labor .
I believe in the specialization of the means of production .
Let each group target a boondoggle and do everything it can to get the funding cut .
That ’s my program for reform .
To do this , we have to begin to develop alternatives that can be used to substitute for the shutdown of each government boondoggle .
We ca n’t expect to beat something with nothing .
Our job is to criticize existing system , but it is also to encourage the development of privately funded alternatives .
I believe we should shut down the public schools .
I also believe that we should have competing curriculum materials on the Internet , some of them offered free of charge , to enable parents to teach their children enough , so that the children , by about the age of eight , can teach themselves what they need all the way through university .
I really do believe in the division of labor .
I really do believe in decentralization .
I really do believe that maturity involves self - government .
I therefore believe that the best high school and college curriculum that can be designed would be a Web - based curriculum adopted by individual students who teach themselves .
This is coming , and there is nothing the public schools can do about it .
States are now beginning to offer homeschool courses to parents .
There is a required curriculum , but the curriculum is delivered for free in the mail .
The parents are not required to send their kids into the prison systems known as the public schools .
This is an admission by the teachers ’ union and by the state ’s Department of Education that parents are capable of teaching their children , just so long as they use a state - sanctioned curriculum .
This is a surrender of monumental proportions .
This is the exact opposite of what the public school bureaucracy has taught since the 1830s .
Always before , the public school bureaucrats said it is mandatory that students be instructed by a tax - funded bureaucrat who has gone through a particular curriculum in a monopolistic , government - licensed institution of higher learning .
Now states have begun to abandon this .
In principle the old position is gone .
They are now saying that if the parent is willing to use the curriculum materials approved by the state , the parent can legally keep the children at home .
The parent can legally keep the children out of the environment of the public school system .
This is the beginning of the end for the public schools .
All we need now is for better curriculum materials offered free of charge that parents can see lead to better results than the bureaucratic , state - approved materials that are being used in the public schools .
It will be easy to beat something with something much better .
If we use price competition , which means offering materials free of charge by way of the Web , we can tailor curriculum materials to whatever audience we are interested in persuading .
Dozens and dozens of groups , even hundreds of groups , will be able to develop curriculum materials and offer them free of charge , or close to it , to parents around the country and around the world .
If the child is not required to go into the building that the bureaucrats have controlled since the 1830s , then the education game is all but over .
The change in the rules has permanently tilted the game in favor of Web - based education .
All the hoopla about the benefits of being taught by state - trained , state - approved , salaried bureaucrats is in principle over .
The charter school system , now being extended into households , is an admission of defeat by the public school Establishment .
This surrender may look innocuous to some of them , but it is the biggest defeat that I have seen for the public schools in my lifetime .
It is a self - inflicted wound .
The Two Crises
We are seeing the crisis of legitimacy at exactly the time that we are seeing a crisis of the economic system .
The main justification for the expansion of government power has not been the spread of democracy , or the spread of the American way of life , but rather the predictable expansion of the economy year after year .
Economic growth has been the holy grail of every Keynesian government in the world .
It has also been the holy grail of every socialist government in the world .
This goal is now being called into question by the fiscal and monetary policies that the Keynesians have imposed on the public , all in the name of higher per capita income .
The unemployment rate keeps going up .
This is the soft underbelly of every incumbent government .
We do not know what is going to come out on the far side of this crisis .
We only know the crisis is going to accelerate .
Central government planning is going to be called into question .
The legitimacy of the central economic institution of modern America , the Federal Reserve System , is being called into question publicly now by millions of people .
This is a symbol of how far down the road we are to the breakdown of the existing political order .
It will not be pleasant .
There will be costs borne by all .
It would be nice to believe that the breakdown will be as bloodless as the overthrow of the communist regime in Russia in 1991 .
But the Russians had lived through a rotten economy for 70 years .
We have not .
If we look at the things that really matter to us , we need to look at how we spend our time .
Most of the time that we spend is in our families or at work .
Our entertainment is delivered to us digitally into our homes .
It is essentially free .
It costs us time , but it does not cost is very much money .
Digits are cheap and getting cheaper .
Digits are consuming more and more of our time .
That which is most important to us in our lives is getting less expensive .
If we can shrink the government , thereby recovering the confiscated wealth that has been taken away from us , we will be able to lead more productive lives .
We do n’t need to get rich ; we need governments to get poorer .
As this realization begins to spread over the next 20 or 30 years , the legitimacy of central governments will be called into question as never before .
Consider education .
This takes lots of time when we are young .
It should take time all our lives .
Our educational materials are now delivered for free or close to it .
Books , videos , workbooks , and every other kind of educational material are available at very low prices are even free on the Web .
So , this constitutes another two or three hours a day of our lives .
Food has fallen as a percentage of expenditures in our budgets since about 1800 .
I think food costs are going to go up , but I do n’t think they ’re going to be anything like 50 % of our budgets .
We have transportation costs , but these are fairly minimal in the United States .
In any case , as we become more digital in our communications and production system , the need for transportation will be restricted , except for trucks on the highways , and except for trains .
When Warren Buffett purchased the entire railroad , he pointed to the future .
General Motors went bankrupt .
Buffett did not buy General Motors .
When we think about how we spend our lives , most of our expenditures are fairly low , except for shelter .
Even here , housing prices have been dropping .
Rents have been dropping .
This is as it should be .
This is why we are going to see the decline of the state .
Jacques Barzun is correct in his book , From Dawn to Decadence ( 2000 ) .
Martin van Creveld is correct in his book , The Rise and Decline of the State ( 1999 ) .
The central governments of the world have overpromised on what they can deliver .
As those promises fail to materialize , we will see the rise of a revolutionary situation .
The thwarting of the revolution of rising political expectations is going to create a political revolution .
My hope is that it will not create a revolution of central government reform .
My goal is not to reform the FED ; my goal is to end the FED .
To withhold legitimacy from the central government means extending legitimacy to local governments .
Yet , in terms of the amount of time we spend studying local government , we care little about local government .
Yet local government must keep order .
This is especially true of local law enforcement .
How can we fund it if Washington goes belly - up ?
Simple .
If we can convince parents to shut down the public schools , we can fund everything we need at the local government level .
In fact , we can all get tax reductions .
The great enemies of our liberty are the Federal Reserve System , the Internal Revenue Service , and above all , the local public school system .
Nothing else is a greater threat to our liberty today than the local public school system , because the local public school system uses textbooks produced by the New York City liberal Establishment .
It always has .
My goal is not to reform the public school system .
My goal is to de-fund the public school system .
We do n’t need the reform of the major institutions of this country .
We simply need to quit paying for them .
This is the message that we must do our best to communicate to anyone we think is going to be receptive .
Years ago , my friend Robert Thoburn , the entrepreneur who developed Fairfax Christian School , was standing in line at the Post Office at Christmas time .
The line was very long .
He turned somebody next to him and said it would sure be better if the system were run by the government .
He got an incredulous look ; then that person smiled .
Thirty years ago , that seemed like a fruitless observation .
Yet , as it has turned out , we could lose the Post Office tomorrow and barely feel it .
We do n’t use first - class mail to communicate any longer .
We use the Internet .
We use Federal Express and UPS and other delivery systems to deliver anything really important that we have to send .
The Post Office in effect has gone senile .
We do n’t sense that it ’s gone .
Yet the reality is this : we have replaced something with things that are better .
Therefore , at some point , we will see the Post Office either go out of business or become simply a forgotten memory .
Yet the Post Office is part of the Constitutional system .
The Post Office has always been a way for the government to control the flow of information .
As Robert Nisbet said in an autobiographical essay , in the year he was born , 1913 , the only contact that the average American had with the Federal government was the Post Office .
How much contact do you have with the Postal Service today ?
It delivers mostly junk mail to you .
We ought to think of the U.S. Postal Service not as snail mail but as junk mail .
It is the junk mail service for the junk mail industry .
Even this is subsidized .
It gets cheaper rates .
We have seen the demise of the Post Office operationally over the last ten years , yet we have paid almost no attention to this .
There has not been a revolution in our thinking about the Post Office .
There has simply been a kind of forgetfulness .
We have n’t paid much attention to the fact that we do n’t need it anymore .
This has not taken any kind of an organized political movement .
The Post Office is sacrosanct .
It is untouchable .
But now it is simply ignored .
This is the best way to have a revolution .
Create a free - market alternative to a particular government institution , and then refuse to use the boondoggle anymore .
At some point , we can simply vote to de-fund it .
We can privatize it .
Nobody will care , because hardly anybody is using the system any longer .
Here is my slogan for political reform : Replacement , not capture ; then de-funding .
Let us take this slogan and begin to apply it to all the government institutions that we deal with on a regular basis .
Apply it especially to the Federal government .
We are seeing the creation of a new economy in which we really do not need the Federal government , except for welfare services for the aged .
It is going to go bust because of these welfare services .
So , the primary objective that we ought to have is to create alternatives to the welfare system .
We do n’t need to call for the shutting down of a particular government agency tomorrow , although in principle that would be the best way .
But that would be an overnight political revolution , and I really do n’t believe in overnight political revolutions .
Overnight political revolutions always centralize power .
That is what Frederick Engels taught , and that is what I believe .
What I believe is best for the country is a quiet social revolution , which is marked by a shift of reliance away from all government money toward free - market and charitable funding .
We will simply walk away from the system .
When enough people walk away from the system , and the rest of them lose their shirts when the system goes belly - up , we will be in a position to have a real revolution , one in favor of freedom .
This revolution will be one of decentralization and some form of operational secession .
I do n’t think states are actually going to break away from the union .
I believe that the governors and mayors are not going to bother to get Federal grants , because the money is either not available or wo n’t buy anything .
When we get to that stage , we will be prepared for a new period of liberty .
That day is coming .
The government has shot his wad , and the Federal Reserve , in shooting whatever wad it has left , is going to debase the currency .
The transformation is taking place right under our noses .
As George Orwell said , it is a constant struggle to see what is happening under our noses .
Gary North [ send him mail ] is the author of Mises on Money .
Visit http://www.garynorth.com.
He is also the author of a free 20 - volume series , An Economic Commentary on the Bible .
Copyright © 2009 Gary North
Big Tits Glamour Expensive Babe Anna Tanya Song from Scoreland.com
Glamour and elegant busty babe Anna Tanya Song …
This black dress makes her even hotter and more desirable than ever .., …
I almost fell in love with her again … .
Busty Anna Tanya
Song ’s photos are from her shooting at Scoreland.com
See her complete scene … Download Everything NOW .!
You can watch full scene at Scoreland.com .
They have many thousands of exclusive photos of Anna Tanya Song ..
She shows her breasts , pussy and ass there together with most famous busty stars …
Watch her naked and spread … .
She has the softest skin in the world ….
Enter Here for more Anna Song …
Anna Tanya
Song has perfect body , with huge natural boobs ,
cute face and big round ass made for spanking and deep penetration …
She is becoming more and more popular with each passing day …
Download Whole SCENE NOW !
View her shaved link pussy in action …
She is very naughty and without limits when it comes to masturbation on camera …
Download All Photos and Videos of Anna Tanya Song ..
_
Infowars
October 3 , 2009
Is it predictive programming or just another cheesy Hollywood remake ?
Dan Bradley ’s remake of the classic 1984 movie Red Dawn is now underway in Detroit , Michigan .
It will be released next September .
Instead of Russians and Cubans invading America , this time it will be the Chinese .
How appropriate .
The U.S. currently owes China trillions .
Since there is probably no way we can ever repay this debt , is it possible China will take control of the country ?
In 2005 , Chi Haotian , Minster of Defense and vice - chairman of China ’s Central Military Commission , allegedly proposed invading and occupying America , not as a result of a staggering and unpayble debt , but rather for the sake of lebensraum , the German word for “ living space . ”
Here ’s what Mr. Haotian supposedly said :
From a humanitarian perspective , we should issue a warning to the American people and persuade them to leave America and leave the land they have lived in to the Chinese people .
Or at least they should leave half of the United States to be China ’s colony , because America was first discovered by the Chinese .
But would this work ?
If this strategy does not work , then there is only one choice left to us .
That is , use decisive means to “ clean up ” America , and reserve America for our use in a moment .
Our historical experience has proven that as long as we make it happen , nobody in the world can do anything about us .
Furthermore , if the United States as the leader is gone , then other enemies have to surrender to us .
Predictive programming or just another remake by a movie industry bankrupt of creative imagination ?
You decide .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
14:40
7 November 2009
Django has quite a bit of code in it devoted to transaction management .
Although the documentation goes into quite a bit of depth on transactions , I ’ve never felt that the docs by themselves let you build a good mental model of how transactions actually work .
So , I decided to approach it experimentally : Build a small Django app , and see how the various options actually work .
For all of this , I ’m using Django 1.1.1 and PostgreSQL 8.4.1 , through the psycopg2 interface .
For the application , we have a models .
py :
from django.db import models class Address ( models .
Model ) : street_address = models .CharField(max_length=80 ) city = models .
CharField(max_length=80 ) state = models .
CharField(max_length=2 ) zip = models .CharField(max_length=5 ) def __unicode__( self ) : return self.street_address + " " + self.city + " " + self.state + " " + self.zip class Order( models .
Model ) : customer_name = models.CharField(max_length=80 ) shipping_address = models .ForeignKey ( Address ) def __unicode__( self ) : return " Order " + unicode ( self.id ) + " going to " + \ self.customer_name + " , " + unicode( self.shipping_address )
and a views.py :
from django.http import HttpResponse from djangotrans.example.models import Order , Address from django.db import transaction , connection def create_order ( request ) : address = Address ( street_address = " 1112 E Broad St " , city =" Westfield " , state = " NJ " , zip = " 07090 " ) address.save ( ) order = Order(customer_name= " Gomez Addams " , shipping_address=address ) order.save ( ) return HttpResponse ( " Created : " + unicode ( order ) ) def show_order ( request , order_id ) : order = Order.objects.get ( pk=order_id ) return HttpResponse( unicode ( order ) )
and a urls.py :
from django.conf.urls.defaults import * urlpatterns = patterns ( 'djangotrans.example.views ' , ( r' ^createorder / $ ' , ' create_order ' ) , ( r'^showorder / (? P< order_id>\d+ ) $ ' , ' show_order ' ) , )
The Basic Rule
In absence of any mention of transaction management at all , Django opens a new transaction with each database operation , and closes it when the operation is complete .
If all you do is read operations on the model , it does a ROLLBACK to close the transaction ; if you do a data - changing operation , it does a COMMIT .
For example , in create_order , the pattern looks something like :
# BEGIN address = Address ( street_address = " 1112 E Broad St " , city =" Westfield " , state = " NJ " , zip = " 07090 " ) address.save ( )
# COMMIT # BEGIN order = Order(customer_name= " Gomez Addams " , shipping_address=address ) order.save ( ) # COMMIT
… and in show_order :
# BEGIN order = Order.objects.get(pk=order_id ) # ROLLBACK
This is simple , straight - forward … and wrong .
The two operations in save_order should be wrapped in a single transaction .
If we saved the address , but did n’t then save the order , we ’d have an “ orphan ” address , and that would be just tragic .
So , what to do ?
Fortunately , Django provides a rather large toolbox full of other ways of managing transactions .
Transaction Middleware
First , let ’s take a look at the transaction middleware .
This is a middleware component that you add to settings.py :
MIDDLEWARE_CLASSES
= ( ' django.middleware.common.CommonMiddleware ' , ' django.contrib.sessions.middleware.SessionMiddleware ' , ' django.contrib.auth.middleware.AuthenticationMiddleware ' , ' django.middleware.transaction.TransactionMiddleware ' , )
This component sets a flag in Django turning off the automatic COMMIT / ROLLBACK behavior , and instead does an automatic BEGIN when each request starts , and then a COMMIT ( if the view function returns normally and did a data - changing operation ) or ROLLBACK ( when the view function throws an exception , or returns normally having not modified data . )
Doing this to our extremely sophisticated application above , we get a much more pleasing pattern of transaction management :
# BEGIN address = Address ( street_address = " 1112 E Broad St " , city =" Westfield " , state = " NJ " , zip = " 07090 " ) address.save ( ) order = Order(customer_name= " Gomez Addams " , shipping_address=address ) order.save ( ) # COMMIT
… and in show_order :
# BEGIN order = Order.objects.get(pk=order_id ) # ROLLBACK
Much better .
Transaction Decorators
Django provides a set of transaction decorators that can be added to view functions to explicitly control how transactions work for that particular function .
They work the same way whether or not the transaction middleware is present .
They are :
@transaction.autocommit —
This sets the default Django behavior : A COMMIT after each save ( ) , and a ROLLBACK after each database read .
If the transaction middleware is n’t present , this does n’t do anything ; if the transaction middleware is present , this reverts this particular function back to the default behavior .
— This sets the default Django behavior : A after each , and a after each database read .
If the transaction middleware is n’t present , this does n’t do anything ; if the transaction middleware is present , this reverts this particular function back to the default behavior .
@transaction.commit_on_success —
This sets the transaction middleware behavior of commiting all of the work done in a single view method ( if data modification occurs and the view returns successfully ) , or doing a single ROLLBACK at the end ( if data modification does not occur , or the method throws an exception ) .
It ’s redunant if the transaction middleware is enabled .
— This sets the transaction middleware behavior of commiting all of the work done in a single view method ( if data modification occurs and the view returns successfully ) , or doing a single at the end ( if data modification does not occur , or the method throws an exception ) .
It ’s redunant if the transaction middleware is enabled .
@transaction.commit_manually —
This overrides the current transaction behavior , and requires that the view function call either transaction.commit( ) or transaction.rollback ( ) at the appropriate place or places ( they can be called multiple times within a single view function ) .
If a view function exits with data - modifying work done after the last commit ( ) or rollback ( ) call , the decorator will throw a Transaction ManagementError exception .
So , What ’s Not to Like ?
That seems to be a pretty comprehensive set of transaction control mechanisms .
So , what else could one want ?
Let ’s take a look at what is actually sent to the database when we show an order :
LOG : statement : SET DATESTYLE TO ' ISO ' LOG : statement : SHOW client_encoding LOG : statement : SHOW default_transaction_isolation LOG : statement : BEGIN ; SET TRANSACTION ISOLATION LEVEL READ COMMITTED LOG : statement : SET TIME ZONE E'America / Los_Angeles ' LOG : statement : SELECT " example_order " . " id " , " example_order " ." customer_name " , " example_order " . " shipping_address_id " FROM " example_order " WHERE " example_order " . " id " = 47 LOG : statement : SELECT " example_address " . " id " , " example_address " . " street_address " , " example_address " . " city " , " example_address " . " state " , " example_address " . " zip " FROM " example_address " WHERE " example_address " . " id " = 79 LOG : statement : ROLLBACK
The transaction here is n’t actually required at all , setting aside the other overhead .
Can we get rid of it ?
In part two , we ’ll see how we can .
I have a deep and rather personal interest in earthquake and volcano prediction .
This comes from spending most of my youth within a few kilometers of an active fault line and less than 100 km from a volcano that has , in the past , left a layer of ash over most of the surface of the Earth .
In fact , events in just the last year ( nevermind the last decade ) have convinced me that accurate earthquake and volcano prediction would probably be a bigger lifesaver than any other single scientific development .
So it was with interest that I read a recent Nature paper reporting that scientists might have been misinterpreting some aftershocks as earthquakes , leading them to overestimate the risk on some faults and underestimate the risk on others .
At present , earthquake prediction — and I use that word in its loosest possible sense — consists of looking at the frequency of small earthquakes along a fault of interest .
These smaller earthquakes indicate that it is on the move and that , somewhere along the fault , the pressure is probably building up for a big one .
Unfortunately , it is currently impossible to determine where the pressure point is — if , indeed , it does exist — and when it will give .
To make matters worse , events after an earthquake look remarkably similar to events before .
After a major quake , the pressure point has relaxed , and there are a whole lot of small earthquakes as all the smaller pressure points get released .
On short time scales , the aftershocks are pretty easy to distinguish from the small shocks that may presage an earthquake .
The complicating factor is that the Earth really does n't care about our timescales .
Some fault lines are very inactive — the boundary has basically fused and there is very little movement .
These are located in places like New Madrid in Missouri , central China ( that one should ring a bell ) , and Quebec .
These places are considered pretty geologically inactive and yet , occasionally , they get hit by an earthquake — usually a big one .
Typically , these earthquakes are not presaged by a series of small quakes , so they are even more unexpected .
Seth Stein from Northwestern University and Mian Liu from University of Missouri have modeled the aftershock behavior for faults with varying degrees of movement .
They find that faults that have nearly fused have a very long aftershock interval , with large earthquakes being followed by smaller earthquakes over a period that can last a hundred years or more .
In fact , as the rate of loading decreases — the loading is the pressure from the movement of the plates against each other — the aftershock interval and the period over which aftershocks occur increases .
They also point out that this aftershock period is strongly dependent on the physics of specific plate boundaries , making it next to impossible to draw more general and useful conclusions about fault and aftershock behavior without studying each fault individually .
Despite this , even the incomplete seismic record allows them to conclude that these large earthquakes that seem to come out of nowhere are likely to be aftershocks from earlier , even larger earthquakes — a truly scary thought .
In addition , their work holds an interesting warning .
It is quite possible for the aftershock interval to overlap the build up interval for an earthquake , further complicating the business of earthquake prediction .
Where do we go from here ?
This does n't add a lot of information for researchers who focus on places like the Ring of Fire , where everything is moving at a tectonic sprint .
On the other hand , it represents some long - term hope for regions like central China , where the faults are slowly fusing — the aftershocks will continue , but the area might well become geologically stable .
For instance , researchers have looked at the GPS data for the New Madrid region , and found no measurable deformation : could the 1811 - 12 earthquakes have been its swan song ?
Nature , 2009 , DOI : 10.1038/nature08502
The challenges and benefits range by region .
Studies show that the potential carbon capacity of the predominantly fir forests on the wet west side of the Cascade Range in the Pacific Northwest is at least three times as high as that of the drier regions over the mountains and to the southwest .
Many drier forests , including here east of the Cascades , have grown unnaturally dense after logging and efforts to save them from wildfires .
Experts say measures taken to stop fires can end up causing more devastating ones by allowing the growth of small trees and underbrush , “ ladder fuels ” that ignite bigger trees .
On federal lands , the Forest Service has recently emphasized removing ladder fuels , including in the demonstration project here in the Metolius Basin .
“ The suite of things we ’re doing benefits the carbon sequestration , ” said Brian Tandy , who helps oversee forest growth in the Deschutes .
“ We were n’t doing it to address some of that specifically , but the way we ’re moving is sort of in line with that . ”
Still , after years of fights over logging practices , including lawsuits to reduce clear cutting on federal land , distrust of the Forest Service ’s motives remains .
Mr. Tandy made a point of saying that one reason he does what he does is to help meet “ society ’s needs for wood products . ”
Beverly Law , a professor of global change forest science at Oregon State University , pointed to the Deschutes project as an example of the Forest Service protecting against climate change while potentially improving carbon storage .
Yet Ms. Law also said fire officials should not presume that what might keep a forest from burning will enhance it as a carbon asset .
Image Brian
Tandy looks at a sign describing the different ways that the forest service is thinning and managing the Metolius Basin .
Credit ... Leah Nash for The New York Times
“ There ’s this opinion out there that when people see smoke from fire , they think it ’s all going up in smoke  well , no , it ’s not , ” Ms. Law said , referring to forests that experience relatively low - intensity fires , a common dynamic in dry areas like central and eastern Oregon and parts of California .
“ Only 5 percent of the total ecosystem carbon is going up in smoke .
When you talk about trying to prevent that , it ’s not as big a carbon pulse to the atmosphere as people think . ”
Michael Fricklas is Viacom 's general counsel , and it's his job to oversee the company 's legal efforts , including its $ 1 billion lawsuit against YouTube .
When people talk about Big Content , they 're talking about people like Fricklas .
So it might be surprising to watch him tell a class of Yale undergrads this month that suing end users for online copyright infringement is " expensive , and it 's painful , and it feels like bullying . "
While the recording industry was big on this approach for a while , Fricklas certainly understands the way it came across to the public when some college student went up against " very expensive lawyers and unlimited resources and it felt like terrorism . "
Customers " need to be treated with respect , " he added , and that respect extends even to DRM — much of which has been " really bad . "
When it comes to Big Content 's copyright stances , Fricklas is on board with some of the criticisms leveled at the content industries — and he does n't want to take your mashup down .
" Even as part of a big company , and as a consumer , and as a guy who loves technology and loves gadgets and all the interesting things that are happening on the Internet , I kind of agree with [ the criticisms ] , " he said .
" I actually care a lot about fair use
What we 're really focused on in our business right now is the exact copy . "
Fricklas points to the recent MTV music awards , where Kanye West rushed the stage , grabbed the mic , and delivered his Internet - meme - producing - line , " I 'mma let you finish , but " Viacom quickly uploaded the evening 's footage into the content recognition engines of sites like YouTube , which can then block exact uploads of the same footage or allow rightsholders to monetize it with ads .
Viacom used the tool to block copies of the clip , but not without offering a solution of its own : the clip was hosted on Viacom websites and was embeddable and linkable .
The company wanted the clip to go viral and wanted people sticking it on their blogs but it wanted them to use the official Viacom - hosted version , and it made it as easy as possible for people to do so .
( Viacom was happy to link to parodies of the clip in question , even when they were hosted on different sites and used bits of the original clip . )
Fair use , not suing your customers , providing the content people want in the way that they want it — it sounds pretty good .
So why are we in the middle of what copyright scholar William Patry calls the " Copyright Wars " ?
Kinder , gentler , but still lovin ' DRM
Part of the answer is that " Big Content " is of course a convenient fiction ; every creator and company has a different outlook , is staffed by different individuals , and relies more or less heavily on exclusive rights under the Copyright Act .
Viacom , for instance , creates copyrighted works every day , but it's also a heavy " fair user . "
Consider The Daily Show , for instance , and think about just how much of its daily show relies on video footage from other organizations .
Fricklas even showed a spoof movie poster that Viacom had done years ago — for which it was sued by famous photographer Annie Leibowitz — and with which it eventually prevailed in court , claiming parodic fair use .
The company also runs various user - generated content sites of its own , so it has a direct stake in many of these copyright issues from both sides of the question .
There are plenty of copyright maximalists still in the business , those whose mantra is " more copyright is always better , " but Fricklas insists he 's not one of these .
But he 's also no copyfighter , however , and he remains a vigorous backer of tools like DRM and graduated response .
While his brief talk was hardly a detailed explication of his thought on all issues copyright - related , it did illustrate why tensions exist between consumers and even forward - thinking content creators .
DRM
While bashing the experience of many earlier DRM schemes , Fricklas is a firm believe in the basic concept , saying that it allows consumers to have experiences they could not have without DRM ( or not at the same prices ) .
The classic cases are 1 ) online content rental ( usually movies ) and 2 ) online streaming ( audio and video ) .
While DRM has largely vanished on paid audio downloads , it still exists in many streaming and subscription services .
Record labels are n't keen to allow users to pay for a month of music , download 80,000 tracks , and then stop subscribing .
Movie rentals and on - demand streaming ( iTunes , Hulu , Netflix , Epix , etc. ) pose similar challenges , and all use some form of encryption to keep a bit of control over content .
Sure , it 's all available on the Intarwebs , but some percentage of people wo n't be willing to locate and grab all the same files from P2P , even though they might be willing to run a simple , local streamripper .
Fricklas argues that DRM is essential to these kinds of rental models , and we 're willing to concede the general point , when it 's done well .
( Despite using Netflix and Hulu regularly , I have yet to be impeded by any sort of encryption or DRM , and there 's no real issue about making backup copies when the content lives in the cloud . )
But consumer frustration with DRM is n't generally about rentals ; it 's about ownership , and video producers have been unwilling to remove DRM either on physical media ( in fact , Blu-ray 's gotten much tougher ) or digital downloads .
This certainly is n't a " new " business model in any way , and DRM on these products does in fact butt up against consumer rights ( fair use ) and expectations in obvious ways .
Ripping a DVD to an iPod , using an external Blu-ray drive to load a film onto a PC for a long trip , making backup copies of those expensive Disney films your kids love , using a film clip in a mashup or piece of criticism — these are all rendered difficult or impossible to do legally by DRM .
What is content protection " enabling " here ?
One argument sometimes heard from rightsholders is that DRM applied to ownership models still " enables " other models like rental because unencrypted Blu-ray discs ( for instance ) would be easily pirated .
And once pirated , they exist all over the Internet , and people can simply download them for free instead of dropping $ 3 on an online rental .
But the films inevitably make their way to the ' Net regardless of such protections ( and often in advance of the " protected " versions even being offered for sale at all ) , so it 's hard to see how this applies .
A comparison with the music business is instructive here ; after pushing hard for DRM , the industry eventually abandoned it once it realized that the system made it overly dependent on the dominant DRM provider ( in this case , Apple ) .
And the digital physical format for music , the compact disc , has gone unprotected for a couple of decades .
The result ?
Streaming and subscription models continue to proliferate at places like Rhapsody , Spotify , Last.fm , Lala , and the Zune store .
The " DRM enables new business models " idea may have some truth to it , but the movie and video businesses are more than happy to apply tough DRM to their old - style ownership models , long after even music has abandoned the practice .
As the examples above indicate , DRM also goes far beyond copyright law in restricting what buyers can do with things like Blu-ray discs .
In this sense , code trumps law , and it's a criticism that people like Fricklas recognize ( it appeared on one of his slides , but was not discussed in the talk ) .
Their answer — do things like offer digital , computer - ready copies of films on Blu-ray and DVDs — is helpful , though it simply swaps one DRM scheme for another .
Graduated response
Another area of tension between consumers and rightsholders is graduated response , sometimes referred to as " three - strikes " policies that sanction those accused of repeat copyright infringement online .
While the content industries like to tout graduated response as a kinder , gentler way to handle these issues , the worldwide public has n't been sold on the plan .
The European Parliament voted several times to ban such schemes unless they had judicial oversight , while France 's attempt at passing a graduated response law was defeated once in the legislature and once by the Constitutional Council before finally being passed .
New Zealand had to scrap its three - strikes plan and start over after resistance from users and ISPs , and the UK is in the midst of a furious row over the idea .
Graduated response has never been introduced in Congress , and no major ISP has agreed to adopt the approach voluntarily .
Still , Fricklas is big on the idea .
It 's definitely a saner solution to the issue than hauling college kids into federal court , and feature sanctions " more proportional to the harm . "
( This is certainly debatable when it comes to France - style disconnections and blacklists , however , especially on family accounts . )
And Fricklas wants to make sure that there are rights of appeal , since the process can sometimes be a bit too " guilty until proven innocent . "
But he'd like to see it handled in a " non-court way " through an ombudsman or arbiter , not through a judge .
Being able to appeal the issue to a judge would certainly increase everyone 's costs and could result in more of the same spectacle that Fricklas hopes to avoid , but Internet access has become a fundamental utility .
When sanctions , and especially disconnection , are on the table , issues of due process and law become critical ( and even France 's scheme now has judicial oversight of the final step , disconnection ) .
This is especially true given what Fricklas said earlier in his talk when he was bashing the record industry for suing individuals : IP addresses can be spoofed , mistakes can be made , and even with an IP address it 's often not possible to tell who actually did the sharing .
For all these reasons , a mandatory graduated response with Internet disconnections and no judicial right of appeal will remain one of the areas on which consumers and rightsholders just can't see eye - to - eye .
The whole talk is worth watching ( it 's 37 minutes ) if you want to better understand Big Content 's copyright perspective from one of its top practitioners .
Of special note is the segment on Viacom 's " innovation , " where Fricklas defends the company against charges often made against copyright owners that they are all but incapable of doing anything new and interesting .
It 's also a good reminder of places where consumers and the content industry part ways , and why the Copyright Wars continue to be fought .
Further reading :
Cops Try to Make Sense of Deadly Skinhead Machete Attack Four New Hampshire teenagers are accused of murdering woman , injuring daughter .
Oct. 8 , 2009 -- A close - knit New Hampshire town is reeling from the grisly weekend attack on a woman and her young daughter allegedly by a band of teenage skinheads who hacked the mother to death with machetes and knives and left an 11 - year - old girl severely injured and bleeding in the family 's front yard .
Adding to the horror are the coldhearted remarks two of the alleged teens made online and in person shortly after the killing , indicating a nonchalance about the gruesome crime .
Police arrested four teenagers in connection with the home invasion - turned - bloodbath , charging that the suspects chose the home of Kim Cates , 42 , simply because of its distance from any other homes in the rural town of Mont Vernon .
Prosecutors on Tuesday arraigned Christopher Gribble , 19 , a devout Mormon scheduled to go on a church mission , and three younger suspects Steven Spader , 17 , Quinn Glover , 17 , and William Marks , 18 , in connection with the robbery and killing .
Cates died from multiple injuries to the head , torso , left arm , and left leg , according to a statement from the New Hampshire attorney general .
Her daughter , Jamie Cates , 11 , who was slashed and tried to run for help , remains in the intensive care unit at Children 's Hospital in Boston .
Gribble updated his Facebook page just hours after the attack , writing on Sunday : " had an awesome time with steve and autumn [ sic ] !
dexter is such a funny show ! " " Dexter " is a drama on Showtime about a psychopathic serial killer who murders other criminals .
James
Marks told police that when his son , William Marks , did not return home by 11 p.m. , his father began sending him text messages .
The father said he did n't hear back from William until 4:10 a.m. , just minutes after the attack is alleged to have occurred .
Marks said his son did not seem disturbed when he finally came home .
" He did n't really say anything , '' James Marks told the Boston Globe .
" I said , ' Where have you been ? '
He said , ' Out . '
He did n't seem upset or flustered or anything . ''
Authorities said they have to determine why the teens attacked Cates and her daughter .
" It seems that they picked the house at random .
This is a rural and isolated location , " Assistant Attorney General Peter Hinckley told ABCNews.com
Gribble and Spader were charged with first degree murder , attempted murder of a minor and conspiracy to commit first degree murder .
Marks and Glover were charged with burglary , conspiracy to commit burglary , and armed robbery .
Gribble was the only suspect who had a lawyer at the time of the arraignment .
Calls to his public defender were not returned .
Authorities have not yet disclosed what they believe was the teenagers ' motive , but Sgt. Jim White of the New Hampshire State Police said there is " no indication " that the young men knew Cates and her daughter .
Mont Vernon is a small community of about 2,000 residents near the border of Massachusetts .
White said investigators were determining how the suspects , each from nearby towns , met each other but that it was " not unusual for kids from rural areas to meet at regional high schools and through other activities . "
Authorities believe Spader , who dropped out of high school last year , led the gang and is responsible for slitting sixth - grader Jamie Cates ' throat with a machete .
They believe he and Gribble , a handyman at Mormon church who was preparing to go on a mission , hacked Kim Cates to death .
Gribble was in the ROTC .
On his Facebook page he posted photos showing him in uniform and holding a " favorite knife . "
Anything sharp really , but I love swords and knives , " Gribble wrote on Facebook in February .
Friends of the teenagers were shocked that the boys who came from middle class families and participated in activities like school musicals and the Boy Scouts could conspire to commit such brutality .
However , those who knew the teens said they had each undergone a change in temperament in recent weeks going from friendly to darkly menacing .
On his own Facebook page , Gribble wrote : " Although everyone has a light and a dark side , mine are very extreme …
If I like you ( or at least do n't dislike you ) I 'm the sweetest nicest person ever .
But heaven help you if I truly lose it .
It 's not pretty . "
Glover , the Boston Globe reported , was a singer who performed in coffee shops and in a school production of " Cabaret " and Marks was described as " insecure and angst - ridden . "
Though it 's still unknown how the teens met and allegedly plotted the crime , authorities are moving towards a theory that Spader was the ring leader who influenced the other young men .
Police believe Spader is a young man who cast a strong , negative influence over his peers .
The father of one of Spader 's ex-girlfriends remembers him a dangerous character .
" Yes , I 've seen violence from him before , " Peter Cummings , whose daughter Chelsea dated Spader told ABC News radio affiliate WTKK in Boston .
Most business cards tend to be forgotten , which is why they are not effective .
Business cards can become great interactive elements with the added ability to have custom shapes , different materials and matte finishing along with a great design idea .
In today ’s article , we would like to present a collection of 60 +
Creative Business Cards ideas that say a lot about a person .
Up to date version : 20 Great Business Card Ideas
by www.gavinmartin.co.uk/
EDUARD CEHOVIN
cartes de visites
Structural graphics
rubber band
Worth Checking
Print Friendly Version ) September 22 , 2009 Contact :
Dave Finley , Public Information Officer
Socorro , NM
( 575 ) 835-7302
dfinley@nrao.edu
High - School Student Discovers Strange Astronomical Object Video Report on This Discovery A West Virginia high - school student analyzing data from a giant radio telescope has discovered a new astronomical object -- a strange type of neutron star called a rotating radio transient .
Lucas Bolyard , a sophomore at South Harrison High School in Clarksburg , WV , made the discovery while participating in a project in which students are trained to scrutinize data from the National Science Foundation 's giant Robert C. Byrd Green Bank Telescope ( GBT ) .
Lucas Bolyard
CREDIT : NRAO / AUI / NSF
The project , called the Pulsar Search Collaboratory ( PSC ) , is a joint project of the National Radio Astronomy Observatory ( NRAO ) and West Virginia University ( WVU ) , funded by a grant from the National Science Foundation .
Bolyard made the discovery in March , after he already had studied more than 2,000 data plots from the GBT and found nothing .
" I was home on a weekend and had nothing to do , so I decided to look at some more plots from the GBT , " he said .
" I saw a plot with a pulse , but there was a lot of radio interference , too .
The pulse almost got dismissed as interference , " he added .
Nonetheless , he reported it , and it went on a list of candidates for West Virginia University astronomers Maura McLaughlin and Duncan Lorimer to re-examine , scheduling new observations of the region of sky from which the pulse came .
Disappointingly , the follow - up observations showed nothing , indicating that the object was not a normal pulsar .
However , the astronomers explained to Bolyard that his pulse still might have come from a rotating radio transient .
Confirmation did n't come until July .
Bolyard was at the NRAO 's Green Bank Observatory with fellow PSC students .
The night before , the group had been observing with the GBT in the wee hours , and all were very tired .
Then Lorimer showed Bolyard a new plot of his pulse , reprocessed from raw data , indicating that it is real , not interference , and that Bolyard is likely the discoverer of one of only about 30 rotating radio transients known .
Suddenly , Bolyard said , he was n't tired anymore .
" That news made me full of energy , " he exclaimed .
Rotating radio transients are thought to be similar to pulsars , superdense neutron stars that are the corpses of massive stars that exploded as supernovae .
Pulsars are known for their lighthouse - like beams of radio waves that sweep through space as the neutron star rotates , creating a pulse as the beam sweeps by a radio telescope .
While pulsars emit these radio waves continuously , rotating radio transients emit only sporadically , one burst at a time , with as much as several hours between bursts .
Because of this , they are difficult to discover and observe , with the first one only discovered in 2006 .
" These objects are very interesting , both by themselves and for what they tell us about neutron stars and supernovae , " McLaughlin said .
" We do n't know what makes them different from pulsars -- why they turn on and off .
If we answer that question , it 's likely to tell us something new about the environments of pulsars and how their radio waves are generated , " she added .
" They also tell us there are more neutron stars than we knew about before , and that means there are more supernova explosions .
In fact , we now almost have more neutron stars than can be accounted for by the supernovae we can detect , " McLaughlin explained .
Robert C. Byrd Green Bank Telescope
CREDIT : NRAO / AUI / NSF
The PSC , led by NRAO Education Officer Sue Ann Heatherly and Project Director Rachel Rosen , includes training for teachers and student leaders , and provides parcels of data from the GBT to student teams .
The project involves teachers and students in helping astronomers analyze data from 1500 hours of observing with the GBT .
The 120 terabytes of data were produced by 70,000 individual pointings of the giant , 17 - million - pound telescope .
Some 300 hours of the observing data were reserved for analysis by student teams .
The student teams use analysis software to reveal evidence of pulsars .
Each portion of the data is analyzed by multiple teams .
In addition to learning to use the analysis software , the student teams also must learn to recognize man-made radio interference that contaminates the data .
The project will continue through 2011 .
" The students get to actually look through data that has never been looked through before , " Rosen said .
From the training , she added , " the students get a wonderful grasp of what they 're looking at , and they understand the science behind the plots that they 're looking at . "
For at least one student , the PSC has brought to life the excitement of discovery .
" Science is a lot more exciting for me now that I 've made this discovery , " Bolyard said .
Scientific research , he learned , " is a lot of hard work , but it 's worth it ! "
A year ago , he said , he would n't have thought of astronomy as a career , but the experience of discovery made astronomy at least a possibility for him .
However , he added , " I 'm still hoping to be a doctor . "
The National Radio Astronomy Observatory is a facility of the National Science Foundation , operated under cooperative agreement by Associated Universities , Inc .
What Caught His Eye
When Lucas Bolyard looked at the bottom plot , he noticed the thick , black blob left of the center .
He saw that this signal was positioned on the graph where it indicated a non-zero " dispersion measure , " or DM .
Dispersion measure is used by astronomers as an indicator of cosmic distances .
The non -zero DM value of this pulse is a clue that the signal came from space , not from Earth .
The other blobs on the bottom of the graph are signals at a distance of zero -- that is from here on Earth .
CREDIT : NRAO / AUI / NSF
Modified on Tuesday , 22 - Sep-2009 12:46:22 EDT
Watch other cartoons here !
You can also download cartoons and stuff here .
Press Start to Start .
Do you want to give me a dollar ?
Here 's a TIP JAR ( please ? )
Hey !
MEP stuff and coff - ay cups , and cool stuff .
Click HERE
Does this sound familiar ?
At the office , you 've got a sluggish computer running aging software , and the email system routinely badgers you to delete messages after you blow through the storage limits set by your IT department .
Searching your company 's internal Web site feels like being teleported back to the pre-Google era of irrelevant search results .
At ...
Valve , the maker of Half - Life , will issue another series of videogame - themed greeting cards this year .
Cutesy cards based on Team Fortress 2 , Left 4 Dead and Left 4 Dead 2 will set you back $ 16 for a set of 10 .
They 're set to ship the week of November 30 , so order now if you want to get your cards out in time for the holidays .
A couple years back , I sent the slightly more sinister Aperature Labs Holiday Cards to friends and family .
I 'm sure only one in 50 got the reference , but it 's the thought that counts , right ?
Image courtesy Valve
See Also :
A part of you has grown in me .
And so you see , it ’s you and me together forever and never apart .
Maybe in distance , but never in heart .
* Union says decision endangers health
* Banks pledge to vaccinate only high - risk employees
* Health officials say they distributing vaccine widely
NEW YORK , Nov 5 ( Reuters ) - New York City health officials scrambled to explain themselves on Thursday following outraged media reports about bankers who got scarce H1N1 flu vaccines through their employers .
Although there is a longstanding arrangement for employers to provide seasonal flu shots to workers , the city health department was bombarded with calls and television reports about Wall Street workers jumping the line ahead of pregnant women and children .
“ It ’s bad enough that Wall Street crashed our economy and is back to paying out platinum bonuses after taking trillions in taxpayer - funded bailouts and backstops , ” Service Employees International Union Secretary - Treasurer Anna Burger said in a statement .
“ But purposely endangering the health of millions of Americans during a public health crisis crosses all lines of decency . ”
The shortage of H1N1 vaccines has frayed some nerves , and public health departments across the country say they will not be able to meet the bulk of the demand until December or January .
The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention estimates swine flu has infected more than 5 million people and it is documented as having killed 1,000 .
The federal government , which is buying the vaccines and distributing them for free to 62 state and city health departments , says 35.6 million doses have been made and packaged since production began .
Close to 160 million people are in the priority groups to get vaccine first -- healthcare workers , pregnant women , children and adults under 65 with medical conditions , caregivers for infants too young to be vaccinated and people 24 and younger .
New York City health department spokeswoman Jessica Scaperotti said the city is working to distribute the vaccine widely .
“ When H1N1 vaccine first became available in the fall , we directed all available doses to pediatricians , OB - GYNs , community health centers , public and private hospitals , ” she said in a telephone interview .
EMPLOYEE HEALTH CENTERS
“ As more vaccine became available we started to place small orders to providers that serve adults , including employee health centers . ”
She said the city had given 800,000 doses to about 1,100 providers , with Lenox Hill Hospital , for example , getting 1,200 doses and banker Goldman Sachs GS.N getting 200 of the 5,300 doses it asked for , Scaperotti said .
“ To put in context , if you look at the 25 largest employers in New York City , about 16 of them have received vaccine , ” Scaperotti said .
They include Columbia University , New York University , New York Presbyterian Healthcare System , Citi Group C.N and others , as well as the Federal Reserve Bank , which is not among the top 25 employers .
She said public hospitals have received 8 percent of the available vaccines , private hospitals about 13 percent and 39 percent was set aside for school vaccination programs .
Employee health centers must sign an agreement that they will only administer the vaccine to those in identified high risk groups , Scaperotti said .
The CDC planned to send out a letter later on Thursday reminding vaccinating centers who the priority groups are .
“ Goldman Sachs , like other responsible employers , has requested vaccine and will supply it only to employees who qualify based on the requirements identified by the CDC and Department of Health , ” the company said in a statement .
Citi released a similar pledge .
( Reporting by Bill Berkrot , Dan Wilchins and Maggie Fox , editing by Alan Elsner ) ( ( Maggie.Fox@ThomsonReuters.com ; Washington bureau newsroom 202-898-8492 ) )
Project details Skill 1 out of 5 Easy Especially if you do n't have to cut out shelves Cost $ 100 to $ 200 Estimated Time 2 to 4 hours , depending on how much you must alter the cabinets
In this video , TOH general contractor Tom Silva explains how to add pull - out baskets , Lazy Susans , and more .
Steps :
1 . Set the wire - rack basket inside the sink cabinet and pull it forward until it protrudes beyond the face frame a little ; close the door to push the basket flush with the face frame .
2 . Open the door , then push the frame back into the cabinet about ¼ inch to ensure it does n't obstruct the door .
3 . Hold the frame in place , remove basket and drill a screw - pilot hole in the front corner .
4 . Drive in one screw to hold the frame in place .
5 . Measure along the front edge of the frame to ensure it 's parallel with the front of the cabinet .
6 . Drill a second pilot hole in the opposite front corner , then drive in the screw .
7 . Drive the remaining screws through the rear of the frame and into the cabinet floor .
8. Install the basket and check for smooth operation .
9 . To install a trash / recycling bin , start by using a reciprocating saw to cut down the center of the shelf inside the cabinet .
10 . Remove the two halves of the shelf and vacuum out the cabinet .
11 . Set the base of the slide - out bin inside the cabinet and drill screw - pilot holes into the cabinet floor .
12 . Screw the frame to the cabinet floor , then install the two plastic bins .
13 .
To add storage to a blind - corner cabinet , install a half - moon Lazy Susan storage rack .
14 .
Place the rack onto the shelf inside the cabinet and trace around it .
15 . Next , use a jigsaw to cut away that portion of shelf represented by the outline of the half - round rack .
16 . Screw the mounting bracket to the rear of the face frame , then attach the Lazy Susan rack .
A lot of open source advocates like to rage against the machine at Microsoft , but when a former Microsoft Research employee says that Windows 7 wo n't stop Linux from market domination , that 's an opinion to note .
Keith Curtis , author of the book After the Software Wars , says just that .
But he goes further .
He thinks Microsoft and its customers would be better off if the company ditched Windows and instead built its own version of the Linux operating system .
These topics came up yesterday during my interview with Curtis for Network World 's Panorama Podcast series .
It was an interesting conversation with someone who has crossed over worlds , from Microsoft employee to free software advocate .
But it raised as many questions in my mind as it answered .
For instance ( at 13:10 in the interview ) , I asked Curtis how he thinks Microsoft can meet its obligations to employees , shareholders and customers while also morphing itself from a proprietary software maker to an open source company .
His answer was surprising : Microsoft Linux .
He noted that Ubuntu was started with about $ 10 million -- an amount that Microsoft could lose unnoticed in the cushions of a couch .
Listen :
" I think we could all be running Microsoft Linux .
I sent an e-mail to Steve Ballmer about this and he said he was n't interested , " he quips , but is only partially joking .
" Microsoft could very easily dominate the Linux market if they wanted to .
I do n't think they should release all their source code ... nobody would use it . "
Given the likelihood of Microsoft Linux ( zippo ) , I asked him if he thought the IT industry , with its giant Microsoft ecosystem , would somehow be better off if Microsoft vanished rather than having the folks in Redmond figure out how to become more open .
" There is an ecosystem around Microsoft but if you look at the ISV ecosystem , that 's mostly disappeared .
When I joined Microsoft in ' 93 , there would be boxes of software that people would install .
But that 's almost gone .
Microsoft 's partners are service providers and hardware vendors .
... whether Microsoft should whither away is a difficult question .
I just look at their code bases and the world does n't need any of their code bases .
From the day I started using Linux , I no longer used one line of Microsoft code -- it 's been four years now . "
I am not a programmer , but as a user and a journalist who has spent over 20 years covering the IT industry , I can see how the open source model , where source code is visible to all , makes a lot of sense .
Along with that , the various open source licenses that allow anyone to change code , as long as they keep the code visible , also make sense .
But I also worry about this idea that " open " software must also somehow be " free " software .
If someone wants to give it away , that 's up to the individual .
Shareware and freeware have been around as long as the personal computer itself .
However , I can't reconcile requiring programmers to donate their work , leaving them to figure out how to earn a living with some kind of subscription or services model .
Curtis does n't see it that way .
He says the programming can become similar to lawyer - ing ( listen to him at 3:25 mark ) .
Lawyers get paid a pretty penny by clients that need their expertise , but they do n't own the documents they produce -- those go into the public record as part of court cases .
" As long as software has bugs , as long as computers stink , there will be a market for computer programmers , " he says .
We also discuss what it will take to get Linux to become a popular choice for mainstream consumers who today buy Windows or Macs and why driverless cars are made possible by free software .
It was a lot to chew on .
What do you think ?
Could Redmond own the open source world if it released Microsoft Linux ?
Also see : Ron Barrett 's view : Why Windows 7 will crush Linux
Now that Google ’s Android operating system is appearing on a bunch of new smart phones , it seems like a good time to report on my year with Android on an HTC / T - Mobile G1 phone .
How has it worked as a phone ?
Call quality and reliability are as good as can be expected on the T - Mobile network .
In other words , it works great if you stand on one foot in space L17 in the parking lot of the Swedish Physicians office across the street from T - Mobile ’s Bellevue , Washington headquarters .
The phone has survived a few drops onto concrete and asphalt surfaces .
About 5 percent of the time that the phone rings when in my pocket , I manage to hit the “ hang up ” button while pulling it out ; I wish that it were a flip - phone design .
Dialing via voice recognition works remarkably well considering that my phone is hunting through a list of several hundred contacts .
The slide - out keyboard is nice , but the “ carpal tunnel hump ” on the right side should be patented by hand surgeons .
Will the next dictator of the world please require mobile phone QWERTY keyboards to be freely accessible from both sides ?
Using Android means using Google Web applications .
As of late 2008 , syncing with Microsoft Outlook did not work well even as a one - time transfer , much less as a day - to - day operation .
If you ’re wedded to Outlook , stick with a Blackberry or Windows Mobile phone .
I was already a user of Gmail and Google Docs , so moving to Android meant mostly adopting the Google contact manager .
Contacts is the weakest part of Gmail and especially a year ago , could best be considered a work in progress .
Importing contacts from Outlook , Google ’s software would drop much of the information on the floor .
Microsoft ’s programmers envisioned a world in which some phone numbers are associated only with a company .
The Smartest Programmers in the World ( TM ) wrote software in which such a contact was imported as just a phone number with no association to any text string , person ’s name , or company name .
Repeating the import command resulted in a complete set of duplicate contacts .
Via this blog posting , I am hereby offering to purchase a Windows 7 machine for the Gmail group and a copy of Microsoft Outlook so that they can see what the average user might need .
One wishes that someone at Google had spent a few hours watching a Microsoft Outlook user and writing down those features that were most critical .
Speaking of Outlook , the To - do Lists and Notes features are missing from the Google world and / or buried so deep as to be useless .
What works well ?
The native Gmail client is excellent and Google Calendar is mirrored painlessly .
Google search and Web browsing work well and are fast on the 3G network .
I have just begun to experiment with Google Voice , which offers some very nice features , especially the ability to use one phone number for home , work , and cell ( could save huge $ $ for someone who travels internationally ; calls will forward seamlessly to an Android phone with a local SIM card ; voicemail messages will be transcribed and attached as an audio clip to email rather than retrieved at $ 3 per minute ) .
An Android user can download an application that sends the central Google Voice phone number as the caller ID so that call recipients do n’t get confused about who is calling .
This important feature is unavailable to iPhone users who labor in shackles on Steve Jobs ’s plantation .
For a completely Googlified Lifestyle ( TM ) , the most glaring omission is Google Docs .
I do n’t necessarily want to edit Google Documents from the phone , but I store many snippets of critical information in various Google Docs .
It would be nice to have an application that took a search string and made it easy to scroll through fragments of documents and spreadsheets that contain that string , pulling out the complete document for review only as a last resort .
As far as style goes , most of the people I ’ve met using iPhones were overweight middle - aged men .
Most of the G1 users that I ’ve met were attractive slender women between the ages of 20 and 40 .
The year - old G1 is somewhat underpowered for the latest Android release .
One of the drawbacks of a phone running a normal multi-tasking operating system is that a background process may be consuming 100 percent of the CPU , memory , and network .
It is common for an application to freeze , not because the code is buggy but because the phone is devoting its resources to a background process .
What ’s missing ?
A dock so that I can use my Android as a home computer , as described in “ Mobile Phone as Home Computer ” .
An Android device offers voice and text communications , Web browser , music , photos , and video .
If I learn to use the Android interface , why should I have to learn anything else ?
Just give me a big screen , normal keyboard , and fast processor .
More challenging would be to rethink the user interface to a task / user orientation .
A traveler with a mobile phone ought to be able to say “ show me nearby hotels with vacancies , their room rates , and a button that I can press to reserve a room ” .
This would have been possible in the 1990s , even before phones had built - in GPS receivers .
The carrier knows approximately where the customer is .
Expedia knows where the vacant hotel rooms are and the rates .
The hotel industry pays commissions to anyone in the booking chain .
You ’d think that you would be able to do that on any phone with more than 5 lines of screen space .
Current smart phones , especially the iPhone but including the Android , put themselves first instead of the user first .
The phone is proud of its abilities to display movie showtimes , so the user looking for an evening of entertainment is expected to hunt among the applications and select the “ MovieTime ” app .
A user - oriented interface would try to capture some information about the user .
Is the phone user at home , work , or traveling ?
Is the phone user working , trying to connect with friends and family , or looking for some kind of diversion ?
Suppose that the phone has figured out that the owner is on his way home from work and is trying to figure out what he wants to do for the evening .
Instead of giving the owner a choice of 100 applications from which to choose , the phone would gather the most relevant information about entertainment options , nearby friends and family who are also planning to go out , nearby restaurants , etc. and present that information in a compact format .
Despite all of the virtues of a SmartPhone , the lack of a full - size keyboard and mouse makes it slower to interact with than a PC .
The phone should anticipate more of what the owner is likely to want to see and bubble it up to higher level pages .
Summary :
If your life revolves around Microsoft Outlook , a Windows Mobile phone will be a better choice or possibly a Blackberry .
If your life revolves around Google Web applications , the Android OS is probably the best phone on the market .
In the abstract , how does Android compare to the iPhone ?
Text - oriented users will appreciate the fact that several Android models have full QWERTY keyboards .
Voice - oriented users will appreciate the fact that all Android models to date have superior call reliability and sound quality to the iPhone .
Both iPhone and Android suffer from the “ let ’s lump all applications into a big array and let the owner click down into one after another to accomplish a task . ”
A Macintosh computer owner who uses a lot of desktop applications will probably prefer the iPhone ; a Web - oriented computer user or Google Voice enthusiast will probably prefer Android .
Well look at that !
A comic !
It ’s here even though Tony found a new cave while Wes nervously worried about his own demise .
Submitted by barney on Tue , 11/17/2009 - 17:02
On behalf of the Parrot team , I 'm proud to announce Parrot 1.8.0 " Zygodactyly " .
Parrot is a virtual machine aimed at running dynamic languages .
Parrot 1.8.0 is available on
Parrot 's FTP site , or follow the download instructions .
For those who would like to develop on Parrot , or help
develop Parrot itself , we recommend using Subversion on our source code repository to get the latest and best Parrot code .
Parrot 1.8.0
News :
- Functionality +
The FileHandle PMC now exposes the exit code of child process that was run as pipe .
+
Experimental support for overriding VTABLE invoke in PIR objects was added . +
The method ' type ' was added to the PackfileAnnotations PMC . +
The internals of the parrot calling conventions , PCC , were reworked .
All call paths now use a CallSignature object for passing arguments and return values .
+
The new API - function ' Parrot_ext_call ' was added for calling into C- land . +
The fixed - size allocator was improved . +
The files installed by ' make install - dev ' are now covered by ' make install ' as well .
+
The experimental ops ' fetch ' and ' vivify ' were added . +
The - I option to the command ' parrot ' now prepends items to the search path . +
The Context struct was substituted with auto attributes ( context_auto_attrs branch ) . +
Use the osname determined in auto :: arch in subsequent configuration steps ( convert_OSNAME branch ) .
+
Eliminated dependence on Perl 5 ' % Config ' in auto :: format ( auto_format_no_Config branch ) .
+ MultiSub PMCs now stringify to the name of their first candidate , instead of the number of candidates . +
The platform detection at the start of the configuration process was improved . +
The ' lineof ' method on CodeString objects now precomputes line number information to be more efficient on variable - width encoded strings .
+ P6object now supports .
WHO and .WHERE methods on protoobjects .
- Compilers +
A shiny new self - hosting implementation of NQP has been added in ext / nqp-rx .
- New NQP available as nqp-rx.pbc or parrot - nqp fakecutable .
- NQP includes direct support for grammars and regexes , including protoregexes .
- NQP has a new PAST - based regex engine ( intended to replace PGE ) .
- Regexes may contain code assertions , parameters , lexical declarations , and more .
- Double - quoted strings now interpolate scalar variables and closures .
- Subroutine declarations are now lexical by default .
+ PCT - PAST :: Block now supports an ' nsentry ' attribute .
- PAST :: Var allows ' contextual ' scope .
- Attribute bindings now return the bound value .
- Platforms +
Fixes for the port of Parrot to RTEMS were applied .
Yay , first port to a real time OS ! +
On NetBSD , shared libs are now used .
- Performance +
Use the the fixed - sized allocator in the Context and the CallSignature PMC . +
Many small speed improvements .
- New deprecations + MT19937 , the Mersenne twisted pseudorandom number generator , is now hosted on github and will be removed from the Parrot core .
( eligible in 2.1 ) +
The ' Parrot_call_ * ' functions for invoking a sub / method object from C are deprecated .
They are replaced by ' Parrot_ext_call ' .
( eligible in 2.1 ) +
All bitwise VTABLE functions are deprecated .
( eligible in 2.1 ) +
All bitwise ops will become dynops .
( eligible in 2.1 ) - Realized deprecations +
The slice VTABLE entry was removed . +
The last traces of the ' malloc ' garbage collector were removed .
+ Parrot_pcc_constants ( ) was renamed to Parrot_pcc_get_constants ( ) . +
The deprecated functions from the Embedding / Extension interface were removed . +
The library YAML / Parser / Syck.pir was removed . + The VTABLE function instantiate_str ( ) was removed .
+
Building of parrot_nqp was removed .
- Tests +
The test coverage of the time - related ops was much improved .
+
New testing functions in Test :: More : lives_ok ( ) and dies_ok ( ) .
+
The Perl 5 based test scripts t/op/ bitwist.t , t/op/comp.t , t/op/inf_nan.t , t/op/literal.t , t/op/number.t , t/op/sprintf2.t , and t/op/00 ff - dos.t were converted to PIR . +
The test scripts t/op/ annotate.t and t/ op / time.t have begun to be translated from Perl 5 to PIR . +
In some tests the dependency on % Config from Perl 5 was eliminated .
- Documentation +
The meaning of ' p ' means in NCI function call signatures was clarified .
- Tools +
The stub for a new language , as created by mk_language_shell.pl , now relies on the PIR - based tools , which are replacing the Perl 5 - based tools .
+
The library Configure . pir was added . +
The library distutils . pir was added .
- Miscellaneous +
The mailing list parrot-users and a corresponding google group was created , http://groups.google.com/group/parrot-users. +
Many bugfixes , code cleanups , and coding standard fixes .
Thanks to all our contributors for making this possible , and our sponsors
for supporting this project .
Our next release is December 15th 2009 .
Enjoy !
NEW DELHI -- India 's surging economy expanded at its fastest pace in more than a year , a surprising performance that increases the chances the central bank will raise interest rates in January to contain rising inflation .
Gross domestic product grew 7.9 % from a year earlier in the July - September period , notching the swiftest pace of growth since the January - March quarter of 2008 , the Central Statistical Organization said Monday .
That translates into a 13.9 % annualized pace from the previous quarter , according to HSBC calculations .
...
( pdf file )
Laplace equations , superintegrability and Bocher contractions
Extended lecture on : The Lie Theory Approach to Special Functions ( pdf file )
Lecture on : Multiseparability and Superintegrability for Classical and Quantum Systems (
Lecture on : Complete Sets of Invariants for Classical Systems (
Lecture on : Infinite Order Symmetries for Quantum Separable Systems (
Three Introductory Lectures on Fourier Analysis and Wavelets (
Spring 2006 , Math 5467 : Introduction to the Mathematics of Wavelets ( with PDF and PostScript files of lecture notes )
Spring 2005 , Math 1372 : IT Calculus II
Spring 2004 , Math 5467 : Introduction to the Mathematics of Wavelets ( with PDF and PostScript files of lecture notes )
Fall 2003 , Math 1281 : Calculus with Biological Emphasis I
Fall 2003 , Math 1371 : IT Calculus I
Spring 2003 , Math 4242 : Applied Linear Algebra
Fall 2002 , Math 8600 : Topics in Advanced Applied Mathematics ( with PDF and PostScript files of lecture notes )
Spring 2002 , Math 5467 : Introduction to the Mathematics of Wavelets ( with PDF and PostScript files of lecture notes )
Lie Theory and Special Functions ( based on my out of print 1968 monograph )
Separation of Variables for Riemannian Spaces of Constant Curvature by Ernie Kalnins , ( by permission of the author , based in part on joint work presented in his out of print 1986 monograph )
Lecture Notes and Background Materials on Lebesgue Theory from a Hilbert and Banach Space Perspective , Including an Application to Fractal Image Compression ( Postscript File ) ( PDF File )
Lecture Notes and Background Materials on Linear Operators in Hilbert Space ( pdf file ) ( postscript file )
Group Theory and Differential Equations 1959 - 1960 Lecture Notes by Lawrence Markus ( with permission of the author )
VITAE
CHANGE
The views and opinions expressed in this page are strictly those of the page author .
The contents of this page have not been reviewed or approved by the University of Minnesota .
IMA Home Page
Black Gold Why Oil Majors Are Coming Back to Iraq
Global oil companies are finding it harder to resist the huge volume of crude in Iraq .
But their change of heart could increase tensions in OPEC .
Von Stanley Reed
By B. Deutsch
This article is from the November / December 2009 issue of Dollars & Sense : Real World Economics available at http://www.dollarsandsense.org
This article is from the November / December 2009 issue of Dollars & Sense magazine .
Welcome to the second issue of The Left Fold , a weekly programming article digest .
Programming Languages
Doug Crockford gave a talk on his book " JavaScript : The Good Parts " .
This article explains what he likes , what he does n't , and why :
An assessment of the current state of D implementations and libraries :
GWT , the Google Web Toolkit , compiles Java to JavaScript .
Here 's an article critical of the approach :
Thoughts on and predictions about the moratorium on Python changes proposed last week :
Programming Language Implementations
Three Common Lisp implementations are evaluated and critiqued for numerical performance and code generation :
How PyPy improved garbage collection times , and how it compares to CPython :
Coding
A survey of how several well - known C libraries and applications handle out - of - memory conditions :
The L1 code cache , how it impacts performance , and why smaller can be better than unrolled :
Design and Testing
Communications of the ACM features a retrospective by C.A.R .
Hoare on testing and verification :
Analogies between Feynman 's observations about the Challenger development process and software development :
KLEE is an automatic test generator that uses LLVM to trace code paths and provide coverage for arbitrary C programs .
Think Haskell 's QuickCheck , but aware of the source code :
Algorithms
CouchDB is a document - oriented database .
This article describes how it uses an append - only B - Tree for replication and concurrency :
Everyone loves Bloom filters .
This paper describes an extension that supports an unspecified maximum set size with a bounded error rate :
A discussion of one of the more difficult aspects of the Netflix challenge that remains unimproved :
UI
Development and considerations for rating tea :
Experience Reports
Clojure for data analysis :
Mono compared to Microsoft's .NET for an browser - based game :
The Left Fold
Thanks for the feedback ( reddit , news.yc , favorite reddit comment ) on the first issue .
I am slowly experimenting with different layouts and organizations .
Unfortunately , I am not able to offer an RSS feed of fulltext articles ( copyright ) .
Thanks to Adam Langley for contributing to this issue .
-- Alec
* Banks should know they might not be rescued
* Canada not necessarily closer to quantitative easing
* Does not see return to recession despite high C $
OTTAWA , Oct 26 ( Reuters ) -
The international financial system must be changed so that banks can go belly up without bringing the whole economy down , Bank of Canada Governor Mark Carney said on Monday .
“ We have to have a system where you could have an institution going bankrupt .
One of the problems during the crisis was that each institution that goes bankrupt had to be saved , and that ’s not acceptable , ” Carney told the French division of CBC television .
“ It ’s necessary to do that ( let banks go bankrupt ) and it ’s essential that the institutions themselves think it ’s possible . ”
Earlier on Monday , he had said in a speech that the risks should return to the financial institutions and no longer be borne by the government .
In his speech he reiterated that the bank retained considerable flexibility , even though its rock - bottom interest rates cannot be cut further , in keeping the economy and therefore inflation on an even keel .
That is code language for saying the bank could , if necessary , engage in quantitative easing , essentially printing money , particularly if the Canadian dollar rose too far too fast .
But , asked if this prospect were now closer given the strong rise in the currency , he said : “ Not necessarily .
We just decided on our monetary policy last Tuesday and we reiterated our conditional commitment ( to keep rates steady till mid-2010 ) and that ’s the appropriate policy to reach our target . ”
In making its interest rate announcement last week , the bank said the currency ’s strength could more than fully offset recent developments since July .
But asked on Monday if the economy could slip back into recession in 2010 or 2011 if the Canadian dollar continued to rise , he demurred .
“ That depends , ” he said .
“ It ’s a question of other factors , the reasons why the dollar rose .
But currently the forecast of the Bank of Canada is that our economy will grow by 3 percent in 2010 and 3.3 percent in 2011 .
Last week we covered the early emergence of the TwitterPeek , a handheld device made exclusively to provide Twitter service on the go .
Now that it 's officially announced , we wanted to follow up with the final pricing and more details .
The TwitterPeek was initially listed for $ 199.99 with lifetime service , which is still one of the two purchase options .
The other pricing option is $ 99.99 with 6 months of free service , after which you 'll be paying $ 7.95 a month to use Twitter on the device .
In either case there 's no contract and no obligation to continue using the service if you opt for the latter $ 99 price plan .
For either price you get unlimited tweets , a full QWERTY keyboard and an always - on device with nationwide coverage .
You wo n't be able to browse the web on the device , but you 'll be able to view Twitpics , according to the FAQ .
The battery should last a reported 3 - 4 days before needing a recharge , with extra batteries and car chargers available for purchase at extra cost .
The user interface has been completely designed in collaboration with Twitter to be intuitive for use with the service , including special keyboard shortcuts for easy access to common functions .
Although many of the comments on the original post disparaged the idea behind the TwitterPeek device , there is a market of people who think spending hundreds of dollars on a smartphone and $ 100 + a month for the plan to support it is outrageous — and Peek is wisely going after those people with its marketing efforts .
And some have also noted the benefits of a messaging device for teens or tweens that wo n't come with surprising overage charges .
Still , it will remain to be seen if that market uses Twitter , and if they 're willing to spend a smaller but still significant chunk of change on a single - function device .
Check out a couple more images of the TwitterPeek below — it 's available in charcoal or aqua to match the Twitter logo .
Let us know if your thoughts on the device in the comments now that it 's official : is $ 199 for lifetime mobile Twitter interesting to some ?
Is $ 7.95 a month for on - the - go Twitter access more or less tempting that a higher up front cost ?
TwitterPeek Pics
" It might not seem that emissions from one tractor could do a lot , but per hectare it emits 1100 kilos of carbon , " Mr Linklater says .
Adapting methods developed by Canadian farmer Gary Lewis , of BioAgtive Technologies , Mr Linklater spent $ 20,000 customising equipment that cools the tractor 's fumes to 30 degrees then expels them into the soil as gas fertiliser when he sows his crop .
His trials , which are being replicated in Canada , Britain and South Africa , are gaining global attention and are now the focus of scientific research .
'' When I heard about it , I listened and the science of it seemed to make sense , but with fertiliser costs at about $ 1200 to $ 1500 a tonne , the economics of it got me into gear , '' Mr Linklater says .
At today 's prices it would have cost him $ 500,000 in phosphorous and nitrogen fertilisers to prepare 3900 hectares for planting .
But in the two years since he and his sons began trialling the new technique , no fertiliser has been applied .
The saving is enough to wipe a healthy chunk off the debt that he , like many drought - stricken farmers , has racked up through years of meagre rain and below - break - even wheat prices .
Political debate continues over inclusion of agriculture in Australia 's emissions trading scheme , but Mr Linklater says farmers have nothing to fear from such a scheme .
'' It 's coming anyway , regardless of what happens in Australia .
Governments around the world are moving ahead with carbon taxes and we will all have to pay . ''
Because I am the most brilliant legal mind of our generation , I give you this , my latest idea on the eradication of rape through enforcement of male responsibility :
The problem with rape , other than the fact that 95 % of it is perpetrated by men , always seems to boil down to this asinine controversy over consent .
The issue is grossly encumbered with a futile focus on meaningless , temporary instances of the withdrawal of consent , to wit : “ she said yes ” or “ she said yes and then she said no ” or “ she said yes and waited until two days later to say no ” or “ she said yes and has been lying about it ever since . ”
She said , she said , she said .
Well , what if lack of consent were the default ?
What if all prospective objects of dudely predation — by whom I mean all women — are a priori considered to have said “ no ” ?
What if women , in other words , were seen by the courts to abide in a persistent legal condition of keep - the - fuck - off - me ?
A straight girl could still have as much sex as she wants with men , if for some reason she thinks it ’s a good idea ( naturally I would most vigorously urge self - identified heterosexual women to contemplate the horrific personal and political implications of submitting to male domination in this way .
But that ’s another post ) .
All she ’d have to do is not call the cops .
No harm no foul .
But if , at any time during the course of the proceedings , up to and including the storied infinitesimal microsecond preceding the sacred spilling of dudely seed , the woman elects to biff off to the nearest taco stand ; and if her egress from the sweaty tableau is in any way impeded by the pronger ( such an impediment would include everything from “ traditional ” brute force , to that insistently whispered declamation “ just a couple more minutes , I ’m almost there ” the dread seriousness of which the fervid oaf dramatizes by that ever - so - slight tightening of his grip on her wrist ) ; or if , in three hours or three days or , perhaps in the case of childhood abuse , in 13 years it begins to dawn on her that she has been badly used by an opportunistic predator , she has simply to make a call .
Presto !
The dude is already a rapist , because , legally , consent never existed .
[ The kind reader will intellectively supply the Law & Order ‘ chung - chung ! ’ audio here ]
This contingency would have the immediate and pleasant result that the engorged dude would be forced to ruminate a bit , prior to gettin ’ busy , on the subject of his own integrity .
Should he examine the scheme from all sides and ultimately determine that his motives perhaps emanate from baser impulses to dominate or whip off a piece or put a notch on his bedpost or satisfy some other subhuman urge , he would , would he not — knowing that the woman could drop a dime on him at any time should his deportment should fail to live up to her standards of civility — decline the opportunity to become a rapist and go to jail ?
I grasp that , technically , the plan criminalizes all male participants in heterosexual sex .
Well , what of it ?
The set - up now , with the emphasis — in a misogynist world with a misogynist judiciary — on whether or not women “ give ” consent , is that female participants are all infinitely rapeable , because all some perv has to do is say , “ she said yes . ”
WASHINGTON 
The federal Energy Department will make good on a pledge for a bolder technology strategy on Monday , awarding research grants for ideas like bacteria that will make gasoline , enzymes that will capture carbon dioxide to counter global warming and batteries so cheap that they will allow the use of solar power all night long .
A new agency within the department will nurture these and other radical proposals , most of which will probably fail but a few of which could have “ a transformative impact , ” Energy Secretary Steven Chu said in an interview on Friday .
The money will go for projects at all stages of development , including some that exist simply as a smart idea , Dr. Chu said .
The department will announce 37 grants totaling $ 151 million , mostly going to small businesses and educational institutions but also to a few corporations .
Some of the ideas may be supported until they are picked up by venture capitalists or major companies , he said .
The new effort , directed by the Advanced Research Projects Agency - Energy , or Arpa-e , is modeled on a Defense Department program known as Darpa that helped commercialize microchips and the Internet and helped develop body armor and other high - tech products .
Darpa is known for quick decisions and long - shot bets , an approach seldom associated with the Energy Department .
Milan Show : 2010 Ducati Multistrada 1200 attacks BMW R1200GS head - on
Ducati is aiming the new Multistrada 1200 at the heart of the BMW R1200GS but has given the motorcycle an ultra-modern twist and 150 bhp .
The Multistrada is one of the most hotly - anticipated new motorcycle and MCN has been at the forefront of bringing news and pictures of the motorcycle as it has been developed over the past two years .
Our expecatations were already set at a high level over leaked information about the Multistrada but the actual specification list is even better than we dared hope for .
There are two versions of the Multistrada 1200 – a standard version that can be specified with or without ABS and then a higher specification S .
The S can then be ordered in either Sport Edition or Touring Edition .
The Sport has carbon fibre parts like engine covers , front air intakes , rear mudguard and spoilers .
The Touring has panniers , heated grips and a centre stand .
The S also gets the Ohlins electronically adjustable suspension system .
MCN will be bringing all of the technical details of the new Multistrada 1200 on Wednesday along with inside information about the bike Ducati is pinning so much on being a success .
Further reading :
Ducati | Multistrada 1200 | BMW R1200GS | Motorcycle insurance
Read the latest stories causing a buzz this week in News …
The healthcare reform proposals before Congress threaten the existence of the two - party system , Sen. Orrin Hatch ( R - Utah ) told reporters Monday morning .
Hatch asserted that the health bills , which he believes represent a " step - by - step approach to socialized medicine , " will lead to Americans ' dependence on Democrats for their health and other issues .
" And if they get there , of course , you 're going to have a very rough time having a two - party system in this country , because almost everybody 's going to say , ' All we ever were , all we ever are , all we ever hope to be depends on the Democratic Party , ' " Hatch said during an interview with the conservative CNSNews.com .
" That 's their goal , " Hatch added .
" That 's what keeps Democrats in power . "
ADVERTISEMENT
That claim led Hatch to suggest that some Democrats are " diabolical " in their pursuit of health reform .
" Do I believe they 're that diabolical ?
I do n't believe most of them are , but I think some of them are , " Hatch said .
" Maybe diabolical 's too harsh of a word , but the fact is , they really , really believe in socialized medicine . "
During the interview , the Utah Republican worried about the health bill 's provisions on public funding for abortion as well as the potential unconstitutionality of the individual mandate conservatives have argued .
Filter by price Filter Price : —
Filter by Any Manufacturer 665 inc A.l. enterprises inc .
Allure lingerie lp Assorted vendor closeouts Atlantas products ltd uk Aurora henna company B. cumming company inc. B.m.s. enterprises Bathmate Bijoux indiscrets usa inc Blue ox designs llc dba oxballs Blush novelties Bodispa inc Body action products Bonner trading inc. Buildovations ab Bushman products California exotic novelties California fantasies Carrashield labs inc Clandestine devices llc Classic brands Cotr inc Cousins group Creative conceptions Curve novelties Cyrex ltd .
D. enterprises Danalife aps Deeva Diogol sarl Doc johnson Dorcel Dr. joel kaplan Earthly body Edc internet bv Eis inc / satisfyer Electric eel inc. Empire labs Empowered products Erotic toy company Evolved novelties inc. Exotic essentials
Ft london llp Fun factory usa inc Gigaluv Golden triangle Good clean love High island health - aneros Hot octopuss Hott products Human touch innovations Icon brands inc Impulse novelties Je joue Jimmyjane Jjk industries Joydivision Kama sutra Kiiroo bv Kingman industries llc Kinklab Lelo inc .
Liaoyang baile health care produ Libertybelle marketing Ll creations llc Lovehoney ltd Lovely planet Lucom usa llc M.d. science lab Mating components llc dba dame p Ml creation Mod designs Mysteryvibe llc Mystim gmbh New earth trading llc .
Novel creations usa inc .
Novelties by nasswalk / nasstoys
Ns novelties inc. Ohmibod Paradise marketing Pearl & pistol Perfect fit brand Phs international Picture brite Pipedream products Pjur group u.s.a.
Produits amore et beaute inc.
Rascal video llc Resonant systems inc. dba revel Rhode island novelty Rianne s. Rock candy toys llc Rocks - off * f* Rouge group ltd S & g entertainment / plesur Savvy co. Sensemax technology limited Sensuva valencia naturals Seven oaks farm / live well brands Sex and health enthusiasts Shanghai diy Shots america llc Shunga Si novelties Simpli trading inc.
Sinclair institute Sliquid llc Spartacus Sportsheets international
St rubber gmbh Sugar n spice boutique Sultra leather Svakom design usa limited Tantus inc Technic / néo cosmetique Tenga usa inc .
Thank me now inc .
Ticklekitty press Tokyo design hk co. limited Top cat international Topco Trimensa corp Turningmag inc / dorr usa Vibratex inc .
Vs international Vvole llc Wallace o'farrell mktg Westridge laboratories Wicked sensual care Wingpow international ltd Wow tech Xcitme llc Xgen Xr llc Yates custom llc
When Sept. 11 , 2001 , dawned , the Northeast Air Defense Sector in Rome , N.Y. , went on full alert — to prepare for a training exercise that envisioned a sneak attack by Russian planes flying over the North Pole to bomb the United States , a prospect that Defense Secretary Robert McNamara had dismissed as outdated in 1966 .
Later that morning , after American Airlines Flight 11 and United Airlines Flight 175 had hit the World Trade Center and American Airlines Flight 77 the Pentagon , three F - 16 fighter jets were scrambled from Langley Air Force Base to form a combat air patrol over Washington .
But degraded radio transmission quality meant that the pilots were left clueless about the nature of their mission .
On seeing the Pentagon in flames , the lead fighter pilot later explained , “ I reverted to the Russian threat .
. . .
I ’m thinking cruise missile threat from the sea .
You know , you look down and see the Pentagon burning , and I thought the bastards snuck one by us .
. . .
You could n’t see any airplanes , and no one told us anything . ”
For all the trillions of dollars lavished on it , for all the talk about confronting new security threats , for all the exhortations to reinvent government , America ’s defense establishment , as John Farmer reminds us in “ The Ground Truth , ” continued to fight the cold war more than a decade after it had ended .
Preoccupied with building a costly missile defense system to counter a spurious menace from Russia and with maintaining “ full spectrum dominance ” over the rest of the globe , most Bush administration officials blithely ignored the danger emanating from the caves of Afghanistan , where Osama bin Laden and his acolytes plotted against America .
Confronted by a small group of mostly Saudi nationals armed with box cutters , the central nervous system of the country ’s defense agencies went into a state of cataleptic shock .
The only decisive action taken on 9/11 came not from the military , but from the courageous passengers who stormed the cockpit of United Airlines Flight 93 , leading the hijackers to crash the plane over Pennsylvania farmland before it could reach its intended target in Washington .
As senior counsel to the 9/11 Commission , Farmer , who was the attorney general of New Jersey and is the dean of the Rutgers School of Law , investigated the derelict conduct of the national security apparatus .
He was well prepared to do so .
In their valuable account of the commission ’s activities , “ Without Precedent , ” the commission chairman , Thomas Kean , and the vice chairman , Lee Hamilton , noted that shortly after the attacks , Farmer — “ one of our most important hires ” — ­established a victims ’ assistance center in New Jersey and helped the F.B.I. uncover important evidence in garbage at Newark International Airport .
But the commission ’s efforts to reconstruct the tragedy itself were , at best , resented and , at worst , impeded by the sprawling defense bureaucracy and the Bush administration , both of which had much to hide .
Even two reports by the inspectors general of the Defense and Transportation Departments , released in 2006 , whitewashed government failures .
Now that numerous transcripts and tapes have been declassified , however , Farmer draws on them to assail the government ’s official depiction of 9/11 as so much public relations flimflam .
Perhaps nothing perturbs
Farmer more than the contention that high - ranking officials responded quickly and effectively to the revelation that Qaeda attacks were taking place .
Nothing , Farmer indicates , could be further from the truth : President George W. Bush and other officials were mostly irrelevant during the hijackings ; instead , it was the ground - level commanders who made operational decisions in an ad hoc fashion .
The memoirs of the White House terrorism expert Richard Clarke , which Farmer credits with good faith , make it sound as though a dramatic video­conference that Clarke led played a crucial role in organizing a response to the hijackings , but Farmer says that “ this account does not square in any significant respect with what occurred that morning . ”
There 's a new Nintendo DSi coming .
And it 's coming this year to Japan , boasting a larger 4 " screen and ... well , a larger 4 " screen , according to a report from the reliable Nikkei news service .
Advertisement
According to that report , which appeared in the Nikkei newspaper and has since made its way online , the price for the new , larger DSi will remain the same , 18900 yen .
The large screen DSi , three - quarters of an inch larger than the current model , is said to be aimed at an older market , the type who likes big buttons on their telephones and large print books .
While the jumbo Nintendo DSi is planned to hit Japan this year , says the Nikkei , a release elsewhere is said to be under discussion .
Nintendo announced the original DSi in a similar fashion , officially unveiling the device last October then releasing it domestically before the end of the year .
Advertisement
We 're checking in with Nintendo of America for comment and will update if they have anything interesting or confirming to say .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Nintendo To Release Large - Screen DSi
In Japan [ Nikkei - subscription required ]
任天堂がDSiの進化版を年内に販売！iPhone対抗か！液晶も大型化 [ via NeoGAF ]
I bought some yarn in the colors of Clare 's curtains to make her a pennant garland but when I saw this wreath , I was inspired .
I think this would make a pretty gift to celebrate a new baby .
Decorate it with a little embroidered " It 's a ... " sign , or the baby 's name or a crocheted flower or even some little glittery birds in a nest .
This one however , was the perfect home for Clare 's little owl friend .
This was fun and a very easy beginner Crochet project .
Check out the DIY after the jump .
What you need :
- Yarn - I used Vanna 's Choice in Scarlet , Vanna 's Choice Baby in Pink Poodle and Vanna 's Choice in Rust
- Crochet Hook G/6 ( or whatever size you have )
- Styrofoam ring form - this one was 16 " from Michaels , but you can make it any size
- Embroidery needle and thread ( or a yarn needle )
- Coordinating ribbon for hanging
- Scissors
Key :
DC : Double Crochet
Ch : Chain Stitch
SC : Single Crochet
Whipstitch
Changing yarn color ( sorry about the ad for Saw VI )
Crochet :
1. Ch 20 , turn
2. Ch 3 , DC in second stitch and 18 more across ( including the initial Ch 3 , this will look like 20 DC across )
* At this point check that your width reaches around your ring form and touches on the back .
It should be snug but not stretched .
If it does not fit , start over and adjust by adding or subtracting a stitch or 2 .
3. Turn
4. Ch 3 , DC in second stitch and 18 more across .
5 . Repeat step 4 until your length reaches around the outside of your wreath snug but not stretched
* Change colors as you wish to create an interesting pattern .
The stripes will also guide you when you are sewing your crochet onto your ring form at the end of the project .
Attaching crochet to ring form :
1 . Thread your needle with embroidery thread or yarn and tie a loop at the end of your thread .
2 . Pick up both sides of the crochet piece with the needle and pull the needle through the loop at the end of your thread and pull tight .
3 . Sew all the way around the ring whipstitching the two sides of the crochet piece together .
It is helpful to use the stripes to keep you crochet piece lined up .
Tuck all the the loose threads inside as you go .
4 . When you get to the end , tie off the embroidery thread .
You may also tie it to the beginning tail of your thread to connect the circle .
Finishing :
1 . Using embroidery thread or yarn matching your ring , whipstitch the two sides together all the way around the circle .
Stitch the loops closest to the foam ring together to make your wreath appear seamless .
Tie off the thread .
2. Attach any decorative elements , a bow , a small plush , a little plaque and a ribbon to hang your wreath .
Labels : Baby , Bedroom , Christmas , Crochet , Decor , DIY , Gifts , Yarn
A lot of the high - profile developments in renewable energy have focused on improving the efficiency of technologies that are destined for the industrialized world , which has the infrastructure to support expensive , centralized solutions .
Powering the developing world will have a distinct set of problems , as equipment will have to be cheap , rugged , and capable of operating in situations where there may not be an electric grid .
Cobalt phosphate catalysts , which form spontaneously and split water ( releasing hydrogen ) when provided with an electric current , may satisfy many of these requirements , and a paper released by the Proceedings of the National Academies of Science described a way to simplify cobalt - based systems even further .
We 've been tracking the cobalt catalysts since they first appeared in the scientific literature .
The constituent materials are cheap and readily soluble in water .
Run a current through the solution , and an amorphous form of cobalt phosphate will form on the electrodes .
Once in place , further current will catalyze the breakdown of water into hydrogen and oxygen , which can be stored for later use and recombined in a fuel cell , producing usable electricity .
The process is n't necessarily efficient , but it does n't have to be , according to its chief proponent , MIT 's Daniel Nocera .
Since it 's cheap , robust , and can operate with just about any source of water available , it 's perfect for the developing world ( where the pure water that comes out of a fuel cell is a big plus ) .
The problem with widespread deployment , of course , is that the process does n't only depend on a cheap catalyst .
The current to split the water has to be supplied , presumably by photovoltaic systems that are n't currently cheap enough for mass deployment .
And storage and fuel cells need to be made cheap and robust , as well .
So the development of the catalyst was just one step in solving a system - level problem .
The PNAS paper suggests one potential route to simplifying things down : it might be possible to get rid of the photovoltaics entirely .
The paper describes how the cobalt phosphate catalyst can be made to form directly on the surface of a photovoltaic material , where it harvests the charge differences directly , rather than requiring that they be piped in as current from an external source .
The research was done with a rather unusual photovoltaic material : zinc oxide , better known as a component of some sunblocks .
In bulk form , ZnO makes for a lousy photovoltaic , but it 's a semiconductor with a large bandgap and , when appropriately structured on the nanometer scale , it can function as part of a photovoltaic device .
Incident photons can separate electrons from its surface , creating positively charged holes .
In a normal photovoltaic device , the electrons are captured and used to generate current before being recombined with these holes .
The authors reasoned that the whole process of harvesting the charge separation , with its associated equipment and cost , could be done without — if the cobalt catalyst was placed in close enough proximity to the zinc oxide , it could directly harvest the charge differential from the surface to split water .
The materials and methods section of the paper suggests that arranging this could n't be simpler : zinc nanorods were dumped in a petri dish containing a cobalt phosphate solution and hit with UV light .
That appears to be all that 's needed to get the catalyst to form .
The end result are small spheres of catalyst scattered across the surface of the nanorods .
According to the authors , the spacing is sparse enough that the majority of the zinc oxide surface is still available to absorb light .
The authors suggest that the cobalt phosphate is likely to precipitate where charge holes are most likely to appear on the surface , which should also enhance the activity of the resulting material .
The authors demonstrate that the presence of the cobalt catalyst dramatically changes the electrical properties of the zinc oxide , which indicates it 's putting the charge to work .
Unfortunately , the paper does n't include any information about gasses being evolved from the sample , which would have been a nice confirmation that everything was acting as expected .
Still , the paper shows that it may be possible to radically simplify the approach to hydrogen generation using the cobalt phosphate catalyst and , even if this particular implementation is n't great , there are a tremendous number of options for improving it : different photovoltaic materials , different solution conditions , etc .
There are obviously contexts where having an actual solar panel array might be more flexible , but if the goal is simple mass production , it 's hard to beat dumping some pellets into a solution and putting them in the sun .
PNAS , 2009 .
DOI : 10.1073/pnas.0910203106
Apple 's control over the App Store — which seems arbitrary at times — still frustrates developers .
That much is n't a surprise , but some developers have become frustrated to the point that they have decided to simply halt iPhone development altogether .
Facebook 's Joe Hewitt , Second Gear 's Justin Williams , and long - time Mac software developer Rogue Amoeba have all recently decided that enough is enough , and the loss of these developers and others could spell a troubling future for the App Store .
True , it has over 100,000 applications , but how many of them are created with the kind of care and passion we take for granted in the Mac software world ?
Hewitt , a respected Web developer who previously worked on Firefox and its highly regarded developer plug - in Firebug , recently handed off responsibility for Facebook 's successful iPhone app to another engineer at the company .
Hewitt cited his frustration with Apple 's approval process for the move :
My decision to stop iPhone development has had everything to do with Apple 's policies .
I respect their right to manage their platform however they want , however I am philosophically opposed to the existence of their review process .
I am very concerned that they are setting a horrible precedent for other software platforms , and soon gatekeepers will start infesting the lives of every software developer .
Hewitt was n't able to discuss specifics with us , but several sources contacted Ars and told us that his decision may have ultimately been prompted by an issue with Hewitt 's Three20 framework instead of problems with the Facebook application itself .
Hewitt originally released Three20 — a framework derived from the work he did to create the Facebook app ( and named for the iPhone 's 320 - pixel - wide screen ) — as open source in March of this year .
Numerous iPhone developers use the framework , which gives developers drop - in support for several user interface enhancements in their own iPhone apps .
However , Apple recently identified use of a private API call in apps that rely on the Three20 framework , and starting rejecting these applications .
Private API calls are a definite no - no according to the iPhone Developer Agreement , but since the app review process is so opaque , it took some time before it was determined that the problem was related to the Three20 framework itself .
The consensus is that these rejections were likely what finally pushed Hewitt to take a break from iPhone development .
Since Apple 's policy on use of private APIs is clear , it may seem that Hewitt 's complaints are without merit .
UPDATE : Joe Hewitt contacted us to let us know this particular thoery is n't accurate .
" My decision to leave had nothing to do with the Three20 - related rejections over private APIs , " he told Ars .
He acknowledged that the rejections were logical , and his decision was related to " another experience " which he is not at liberty to disclose details of publicly .
Unfortunately , Hewitt is n't alone in jumping ship .
Earlier this year , developer Justin Williams wrote a screed noting his objections to the way the App Store is being managed , and the significant risks it entails for most developers .
It was prompted by the rejection ( or extended evaluation , if we are to believe Apple 's statement on the matter ) of Google Voice for iPhone .
" With the latest app rejection being Google Voice , I am one step closer to selling off my iPhone products and focusing entirely on the Mac once more , " Williams wrote .
" I can't help but feel that I 've wasted the past 9 months of my life building on a platform that is so hostile and anti-developer .
I no longer enjoy building software for the iPhone because of the bureaucracy and infrastructure that surrounds it . "
xkcd # 662 riffs on App Store rejections .
After expressing his displeasure , Williams was approached by another developer offering to buy his applications .
This began a two - month - long process of transferring the applications to Patrick Burleson of BitBQ .
Both Williams and Burleson worked with the Apple Developer Connection to have these applications transferred to Burleson 's iTunes Connect account , to no avail .
Ultimately , Williams had to delete his versions from the store , and Burleson had to upload his versions for review .
Both applications — FitnessTrack and Emergency Information — are stuck in Apple 's review queue , meaning they are n't currently available .
Meanwhile , customers that originally bought the applications from Williams will have to buy it again from Burleson if they want future updates .
" It sucks because I feel bad for existing customers , but it just was n't feasible to keep them under my name , bank accounts , and ADC account when I do n't own or maintain the applications anymore , " Williams told Ars .
" We did everything we could , but once again Apple holds all the cards and left us in purgatory . "
However , Williams is glad to be back focusing on just the Mac platform with his company Second Gear .
" I made the decision that I 'm not getting back on the App Store until Apple fixes its flaws , " Williams explained .
" Making 25 times more [ money ] on my Mac apps certainly made it easier , but the reason I got out was for the most part political , and part of me wanting to make a statement .
I 'm going to bitch about the store , Apple 's faults , and all that until they do make it right .
It 's the only way to spread awareness and hopefully get stuff fixed . "
" It 's been almost two years and we developers have no better relationship with Apple than we did when this whole thing was announced , " Williams told Ars .
" That 's unfortunate . "
This is what the previous version of Airfoil Speakers Touch would show when connected to a Mac with audio coming from Safari .
Late last week , yet another respected developer threw in the towel after having issues with Apple 's iPhone app review team .
Rogue Amoeba , most well known for its Mac applications for working with audio , ran into an App Store approval nightmare with a minor bug fix to its Airfoil Speakers Touch app .
The app connects to Macs running Rogue Amoeba 's Airfoil software —used to send audio from any application to an Airport Express — and stream the audio to an iPhone or iPod touch .
The update merely improved the way audio was received , and in no way changed any functionality .
Despite this , Apple roundly rejected it several times .
It turns out that what was keeping the app from being approved was that it uses an image of the Mac that it 's connected to , as well as an icon for the application that is sending audio , to display the current audio source to the user .
Rogue Amoeba 's Paul Kafasis pointed out that the original application , already approved and in the App Store , used this same mechanism , and that Apple provides developers a public API for accessing these images .
However , Apple ultimately rejected the use , claiming it was an inappropriate use of " Apple- owned Graphic Symbols . "
It could be argued that Rogue Amoeba should have seen this coming , or at least changed its app after the first rejection to comply with Apple 's guidelines .
However , it 's not so cut - and - dried that the use actually violated any laws or rules , and the previous precedent that the app had been approved before with this functionality suggested otherwise .
Further , removing the icons would actually affect the ease of use in a negative way .
Rogue Amoeba made several attempts to persuade Apple that the use was legitimate and provided a better user experience , but it was finally forced to change the icons before Apple would approve the update .
The whole four - month ordeal left a sour taste in the company 's collective mouth , and Rogue Amoeba is no longer pursuing any further iPhone development .
" The way the App Store is set up , it 's very difficult to invest the time to develop a deep application , " Kafasis told Ars .
" So , developers do n't put any depth into their products ; you get one - offs , a single feature essentially . "
Like Second Gear , the company is once again focused on the Mac platform , where it 's possible to build a sustainable business model .
" On the Mac , you can build a software company ; on the iPhone , you can win the lottery , " Kafasis explained .
" A few people do [ win ] , and sell hundreds of thousands of dollars worth of software in a very short period .
The top - selling and top - grossing apps are likely making more than most any Mac software .
" But as far as the long - term goes , where is it ? " Kafasis said .
" You do n't know your customers — Apple does n't tell you who they are — so how do you tell them about your second product ?
If you do tell them — with an annoying in - app ad , for instance — how do you give them a discount ?
You can 't . "
A handful of developers responsible for a handful of applications leaving the platform might not matter much in the long term .
" For every dev that leaves iPhone in frustration , 1,000 new ones join up . "
Hewitt tweeted in frustration last week .
" To [ Apple ] , it 's a tempest in a teapot , " Kafasis told Ars .
" If they see it at all , they can look to the 25,000 other developers and say , ' Well they 're happy . '
This is n't affecting their bottom line in an obvious way .
' Sure , you 're making $ 50 million in app sales , but you could be making $ 55 million , if you let developers ship what they wanted ! ' " he explained .
The problem might better be explained via an analogy posited by Instapaper developer ( and creator of Tumblr ) Marco Arment .
Though Apple prides itself on providing customers a single , straightforward outlet for iPhone apps , there are functionally two App Stores : one for folks who will install any app for 99 ?
and try it at least once , and one for folks who want great software and do n't mind paying for it .
Targeting the first app store is a lottery , as Kafasis described it .
Targeting the second one is more like the model used by most Mac developers — build well - designed software , build relationships with your users , and slowly build success over time .
However , the way the App Store is run by Apple , it 's incredibly difficult for developers to thrive on these types of apps alone — especially when there is potentially 25 times more income on the Mac side .
Those 1,000 developers hoping to fill Hewitt 's shoes will tend to be new developers attracted by stories of a developer striking it rich on the App Store — a story Apple is only too happy to promote — and tend to be inexperienced at creating useful interfaces and cohesive design .
And , as we have come to learn , plenty of those 100,000 available from the App Store lack fit and finish .
Clearly there are developers that are n't happy about this situation , but do we as customers want that to be the standard ?
So far , it seems that this is so .
Ultimately , it seems there are two basic routes Apple could take .
Apple could merely check apps for technical errors and malware , and otherwise approve everything .
Alternately , Apple could allow users to install iPhone apps from whomever they choose , and make the App Store a sort of collection of premium , vetted applications .
" [ Apple is ] currently occupying this untenable middle ground , and it's benefiting no one , " Kafasis told Ars .
While developers will continue to point out the problems , and App Store rejections will get some press , it does n't seem like Apple is particularly motivated to change the status quo .
i Phones are selling well — where the real money is for Apple — and the company is poised to be the number two smartphone vendor if current sales trends continue .
It will be up to us — the iPhone users buying apps — to encourage Apple to change .
Further Reading :
Carphone Warehouse announced its decision on Monday .
Mobile phone retailers Carphone Warehouse and Phones 4U have temporarily withdrawn the Sony Ericsson Satio smartphone from their stores .
Both companies said the move followed complaints from customers about software problems .
Phones 4U announced its decision to stop selling the handset 24 hours after rival retailer Carphone Warehouse .
Sony Ericsson said it was " giving this matter its utmost priority and working toward solving it " .
None of the companies involved gave details about the nature of the fault but Satio users online have been complaining about frozen screens and problems with ringtones .
" Now on my second Satio and it still has the same issues , " wrote Iain H on a handset review site .
" Screen freezing and no ringtone .
Only way to solve the problem is to take the battery out . "
He added : " I 'm glad I 'm not the only one with this problem . "
Sony Ericsson recently announced a new smartphone model , the Xperia X10 .
It is the company 's first Android handset but it is not due to go on sale until 2010 .
Verity Burns , a technology journalist with gadget magazine Stuff thinks the problem lies with how the Sony Ericsson user interface interacts with the Symbian operating system on the phone .
" The phone seems to be turning itself off when people access certain applications but not everyone will be affected .
Vodafone and Orange run their own interfaces and do n't seem to have the issue . "
" Those who support the culling of rabbits think it 's good to use the bodies for a good cause .
But it feels like the power company is trying to turn the animals into an industry rather than look at the main problem , " said Anna Johannesson of the Society for the Protection of Wild Rabbits .
When Tyson stepped down as mayor in January , it was to honor his family 's wishes , he said .
He would stay on as deputy mayor , he explained , to finish several projects .
Some - including installation of the town 's first traffic signal - have been concluded , but others remain on the books .
Q . There are some brands of goods that absolutely never are discounted or on sale .
Even when there is a storewide sale , these products are excluded by the fine print in the sale ad .
Presumably the manufacturer is orchestrating this .
I thought there were fair trade laws that make this practice illegal .
What am I missing ?
Jeff Ashworth , Quincy
A . What you see is no illusion and , under certain circumstances , it can be illegal .
But for the most part , you are seeing a phenomenon in which manufacturers get retailers to agree to a “ minimum advertised price . ’’
High - end products , particularly , tend to be excluded from storewide sales and other discounts because in exchange for being able to sell the product , the retailer has agreed to not sell below that agreed - upon price .
“ Historically , a manufacturer could not force a retailer to sign an agreement prohibiting it from advertising prices below the minimum set by the manufacturer .
Those types of agreements were ‘ per se ’ illegal , ’’ explained Edgar Dworsky , a Massachusetts consumer lawyer who now runs the site ConsumerWorld.org .
“ The manufacturer could only ‘ announce ’ minimum prices , and use friendly persuasion to keep retailers from advertising below those minimum levels . ’’
But a recent Supreme Court ruling said that those agreements are not always illegal and that they would have tobe examined case by case - leading to more of these agreements , he said .
Toys “ R ’’ Us is currently defending against a class - action lawsuit and faces the possibility of federal action over its alleged relationship with some of its manufacturers .
The lawsuit , which was certified for class - action status over the summer , alleges that the company would not allow certain marquee manufacturers to offer their goods below the price tag they had at Babies “ R ’’ Us stores .
The company , which wo n’t comment on the lawsuit , has said that it has been cooperating with Federal Trade Commission investigators looking into the accusations .
Companies that have these agreements tend to vigorously enforce them - keeping retailers in line and , therefore , allowing no deviation in price from one store to the next .
The practice is detrimental to consumers looking for the same opportunities to purchase at a discount as they have with most other products .
But there are moves afoot to try to write new laws that would restrict the practice .
HAVE A CONSUMER QUESTION ?
E-mail your questions to consumernews@aol.com .
© Copyright 2009 Globe Newspaper Company .
The US Senate report blasting President Bush 's administration for what is going on in Afghanistan provides covering fire for Barack Obama 's speech on his Afghan strategy .
The report is also a good opportunity to address far deeper failings in the military effort these last eight years .
The continued incompetence of the military operation indicates that the generals and the political elites in our societies are no more " fit for purpose " than those that led the disasters of the 1914 - 18 war .
Then as now there was a social - psychological failure to understand the impact of modern society on war .
If I had to choose one piece of evidence , and the silence about it , to substantiate this charge then it is this .
There is no one in charge of the western military operations in Afghanistan .
The US - only and Nato forces each have separate generals in charge , and neither is able to give orders to the other .
One US general , Stanley McChrystal , commands the Nato force organised from Belgium , where there is a plethora of US and Nato commanders and committees with their fingers in the operational pie .
Another US general – David Petraeus – commands US national operations in the country .
Afghanistan 's woes are compounded by the fact that it is part of this private bureaucratic turf war within the US military .
For the US military , Afghanistan is part of Central Command 's area of control , although the Nato force is , for the US , part of its European command .
At a lower level the different European militaries , especially the Dutch , Germans and Italians , have their own mini-empires – provincial reconstruction teams , which operate with eclectic styles .
As the website of US Central Command says of US national operations in Afghanistan , they operate in " co-ordination " with the Nato international security force .
In the military , " co-ordination " is usually a woolly - minded civilian notion not to be confused with command and control .
It is a shame that the self - defeating dual command imposed on the Afghan operation by the Pentagon is never mentioned by the many talented correspondents , Robert Fox among them , with extensive on - the - ground experience .
According to some , the result is a confusion that needs an Evelyn Waugh ( Sword of Honour ) , Joseph Heller ( Catch - 22 ) or George MacDonald Fraser ( Flashman ) to do it justice .
The second example of more than usual blindness is the failure in the west to consider that al - Qaida probably lured the US into Afghanistan with the 9/11 attacks , envisaging that the resulting war with the Pashtun areas would enable them to repeat the empire - destroying victory over the Soviets .
The rhetoric of attacking the " far enemy " and the action of killing a key Northern Alliance leader just prior to the attacks support this .
Whether or not it was the case is not quite the point .
The point is that among the Arab diplomatic corps the idea is almost a given , while in the west it cannot even be discussed .
The vulnerability of western supply lines to being cut by the Taliban accentuates the point .
The third example of cultural failure is that neither the US nor Nato has ever seriously studied the Russian campaign , although the same ground is being fought over with similar tactics .
Nevertheless a similar pattern is being played out now as in the 1980s .
Mines / IED attacks lead to the call for more helicopters ; and the public distress of bereaved mothers characterised the Soviet campaign .
The " overconfidence " or " complacency " that these issues demonstrate points to deeper cultural and psychological problems .
Prior to the first world war , the European military was obsessed with cavalry .
It failed to learn from the use of machine guns and barbed wire in the American civil war of the 1860s or the increasingly devastating battlefield casualties of the Franco - Prussian and Austro - Italian wars of the later 19th century .
Although cars were being used as taxis in Edwardian London , by 1914 only the Royal Navy was using armed cars with machine guns , in place of horses .
Today , the idea that a political adversary might lay a military trap is incomprehensible to an ostensibly rational military establishment , as is the west 's inability to take the Afghan war seriously enough to ensure unity of military command .
A few writers provide a guide to understanding and updating our analysis .
On the Psychology of Military Incompetence , by Norman Dixon , provides an insight into the problems of authoritarian personalities in authoritarian institutions being unable to " see " the obvious .
The Mass Psychology of Fascism , by Wilhelm Reich , explains to a degree why western civilians , especially the liberal interventionists who have become infatuated with the military since the end of the cold war , have such an adulatory and uncritical fixation on the military , to the point that independent analysis is marginal .
And of course , Edward Said 's Orientalism tells us much of our insistence on portraying often superior strategists as inferior barbarians .
I have lost count of the number of western strategy advisers who say Osama bin Laden is not smart enough to have used 9/11 as a lure .
But then , if Robert Fox 's report is to be taken at face value , there is no loss of operational effectiveness when US soldiers wear T - shirts bearing the name of their next target , and for him to report that .
Presumably the Taliban can't read , or it is a cunning wheeze to mislead them .
Finally , there is a cultural problem of vassal states such as the UK and its European partners losing the ability for rigorous analysis speaking frankly in public .
Chinese and Russian analysis tends to be sharper than in the west .
In Britain , we are still cursed with an official secrecy that denies the public an analysis as insightful as that in the Senate report .
For example , were Britain 's SAS the " handful " of other special forces at Tora Bora ?
Who was the senior British officer ?
And what job does he hold today ?
There are two hopeful signs .
First , western power is so great that as with the Victorians , a series of minor disasters can be absorbed by the power structures .
Second , within the military and intelligence community in the UK and the US , including the White House , there are some – such as the US national security adviser , General James Jones – who do understand these problems .
If we are lucky , any statement by Obama on more troops will be a smokescreen enabling withdrawal .
As one of Fox 's " metropolitan commentators " , I will consider taking the western military 's operation seriously when the US military does so itself .
Swedish Foreign Minister Carl Bildt has cancelled a planned visit to Israel in the midst of an apparently worsening diplomatic squabble .
Bildt was expected to arrive in Israel this Friday , but the Israeli Foreign Ministry said on Sunday that it has learned he wo n't be coming .
Israel and Sweden are at odds over the publication last month of an incendiary article in the Swedish newspaper Aftonbladet .
The unsubstantiated article alleged that Israeli soldiers had harvested the organs of Palestinians .
Irena Busic , a spokeswoman for Bildt , said he cancelled because of a problem with timing and denied the tabloid article had anything to do with his travel plans .
Israeli officials have condemned the article as anti-Semitic and reminiscent of medieval " blood libel " against Jews .
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has demanded the Swedish government condemn the article .
Sweden has refused calls for an official condemnation , citing freedom of expression and press freedom .
Rabbi Michael Malchior , a former member of the Israeli parliament who has lived and worked in Sweden , said condemnation is not the same as censorship .
" I think a government can go out and say something about what it thinks .
A government has freedom of speech just as a journalist and a newspaper has freedom of speech , " he said .
There is speculation in the Israeli media that Bildt decided to cancel his trip upon hearing that Netanyahu might refuse to meet with him .
Since its debut in 2002 , Bill Willingham's " Fables " has been the flagship title of the Vertigo imprint , spawning a successful ongoing spin - off , an Eisner award - winning original graphic novel , an upcoming mini-series and , most recently , the original prose novel " Peter and Max , " which delves into the story of the Peter Piper .
tweetmeme_url = ' http://comicsalliance.com/2009/10/14/fairy-tale-faceoff-disney-vs-fables/'; tweetmeme_source = ' ComicsAlliance ' ; digg_url = ' http://digg.com/comics_animation/Fairy_Tale_Faceoff_Disney_vs_Fables_ComicsAlliance_com';
The idea of fairytale characters exiled into the real world appeals to readers because of their familiarity with the characters -- or at least the kid-friendly version from Disney .
But how would the Vertigo revamps stack up against their all - ages counterparts ?
We 've asked Invincible Super - Blogger Chris Sims to put some of our favorite Fables against their Disney counterparts for a head - to - head comparison to find out !
When you get right down to it , the Prince Charming of Fables is sort of a total bastard .
A three - time divorcee due to his rampant womanizing ( his wives being , in order , Snow White , Sleeping Beauty , and Cinderella , with assorted dalliances during and after ) , Charming nevertheless turns out okay in the end , first as a surprisingly adept Mayor of Fabletown and later as a genuine war hero who sacrificed his own in battle against the Fables ' mysterious adversary .
Disney 's Prince Charming , on the other hand , is barely a character at all .
The only thing we know from his appearance in " Cinderella " is that he 's got a bit of a foot fetish and has no time for uggos .
Advantage : Fables
Between the " Fables " version 's duties as Director of Operations for Fabletown , a jealous sister who occasionally actively wants her dead and the Disney Princess 's problems with a wicked stepmother with a smack - talking magic mirror and a penchant for poison apples , both takes on Snow White have a lot to worry about .
Their major difference comes in who they spend their time with : Fabletown 's
Snow lacks the seven dwarfs of Uncle Walt 's first feature , instead finding herself in charge of seven flying , shape - changing children thanks to her romance with Bigby Wolf .
Plus , she once got shot in the head with a sniper rifle and made a full recovery , which is something you just do n't see a lot in the Wonderful World of Disney .
Advantage : Fables
They may have gone through the same boredom - induced trip through a surreal world of hookah - puffing caterpillars , fastidious rabbits and decapitation - crazed royalty , but Disney 's Alice certainly comes off better in the end .
She gets to go home having learned a lesson about the necessity of logic and reason , while her Fables counterpart gets locked up in the " Golden Boughs Retirement Home , " a community for Fables that have undergone extreme revisions , where she has to fend off the advances of the amorous Wicked John .
But the fact that neither one had to deal with the sheer Lovecraftian horror of Carol Channing means they 're both winners in our book .
Advantage : Disney
The Big Bad Wolf , as seen in Disney 's 1932 short , " The Three Little Pigs , " is basically just a hobo who really wants some pork chops , and while he 's ostensibly the villain of the piece , who among us can fault him for that ?
Bigby Wolf , on the other hand , may be a pretty slovenly dresser , but he's also a shapeshifting badass who once fought Frankenstein 's Monster and ripped its head off with his bare hands .
He and the head remain good friends .
Advantage : Fables
On the flipside of the story are the Three Little Pigs , who shared the ... well , let 's just call it " interesting " silly - hat - plus - no - pants style of dress so common among Disney 's animals .
Meanwhile , the pigs in Fables not only opted to go completely nude , but turned from building houses to building a new society with an ill - fated Orwellian revolution .
So yes , Disney 's Three Little Pigs may have lacked the vision and concern for the worker compared to the ones in " Fables , " but at least they did n't get their heads chopped off .
Advantage : Disney
Disney 's Cinderella was the rags to riches story that not only inspired one of the most memorable bits of Caddyshack , but also taught stepdaughters everywhere that hating their new mom was a perfectly natural thing to do .
By the time she gets to " Fables , " Cinderella has taken her knack for adapting to new situations ( she does , after all , go from scullery maid to convincing princess in the span of one night ) and put it to good use as Fabletown 's top spy , even going so far as to disable a gun-toting assailant with -- what else ? -- one of her shoes .
Advantage : Fables
The " Fables " and Disney versions Mowgli , Baloo , Shere Khan and the rest of the cast of The Jungle Book differ from each other more than any other group we 've talked about , and surprisingly , it 's not because of Disney 's usual style of cleaning up the source material .
Instead , it 's what came after .
" Fables " sees Shere Khan and Bagheera as revolutionaries in the Three Little Pigs ' rebellion , which leads to Shere Khan being taken out by a pistol - packing Snow White and Baloo dancing on his grave for a week straight ( one show per evening with a Sunday matinee ) .
And if you think that 's weird , then you 've never seen TaleSpin .
As part of an early '90s television block called the Disney Afternoon , " TaleSpin " took the characters from " The Jungle Book " and , as you might expect from source material rooted in allegorical tales of the Indian jungle , transplanted them into an ersatz 1930s , with Baloo as a cargo pilot for hire engaging in Indiana Jones - style adventures involving air pirates and Shere Khan as a sinister business mogul .
While awesome , it 's worth noting that cartoons in the early '90s were completely insane .
Advantage : Disney
Despite a shared color scheme , the Genie from " Fables " is a far more sinister monster than his friendly Disney counterpart , and is both manipulated into defying ( and slowly murdering ) his master and -- in a crucial difference to the events of " Aladdin " -- is not freed , but remains enslaved and trapped in his bottle .
He is also not voiced by Robin Williams .
Advantage : Fables
Final Tally : Fables 5 , Disney 3 !
We 've put Fables on top , but there are plenty of other characters to talk about .
Got some thoughts on Beauty and the Beast ?
Would Walt 's tag - team of Gepetto and Pinocchio take out Willingham's ?
Let us know what you think in the comments !
Lip - synching did not cut it for some Perth fans who walked out on Britney Spears only three songs into her first Australian concert at the Burswood Dome on Friday night .
Disappointed fans stormed out of the arena complaining they had parted with hundreds of dollars for their tickets to the circus - themed show .
One female fan outside the arena said it was cheap act .
" People are paying for it and have come here so she should sing , " a fan told the Nine Network .
" It was just really bad , " Kathy Wright , 32 , told Perth 's Sunday Times .
" She has not spoken .
There is no interaction . "
But others among the 17,000 who saw Spears felt differently .
" We 're not here to see her sing .
We want to see her dance , " another fan said .
Burswood Entertainment Complex said record crowds turned out for the concert .
" From Burswood 's perspective , the event was a huge success , " a spokesman said .
" Early media reports that hundreds of fans left the concert early cannot be substantiated , and Burswood has received no complaints about the concert . "
Spears is performing again at the Burswood Arena tonight before making her way to Melbourne on Wednesday for the first of three sold - out shows .
- AAP
RPGs , Moving Forward : An Interview With Feargus Urquhart
By Ben Fritz
The Western RPG is in a renaissance of popularity and creative richness right now , thanks to titles like BioWare 's Mass Effect and Bethesda 's Fallout 3 .
But what of the man who lead the design of the last mainline Fallout game , Fallout 2 ?
Well , Feargus Urquhart is currently leading development at Obsidian Entertainment , currently working on the spy - themed action - RPG blend Alpha Protocol for PlayStation 3 , Xbox 360 , and Windows PC , to be published by Sega in October , as well as the next Fallout game , Fallout : New Vegas , which is due from Bethesda in 2010 ( and was formally announced just after this interview was conducted . )
How does this born - and - bred RPG man -- who is best known for his work heading Interplay 's Black Isle Studios through the aforementioned Fallout 2 , as well as Icewind Dale and Planescape : Torment , see the industry in 2009 ?
In this wide - ranging conversation , the beginnings of the genre are tackled -- Dungeons & Dragons , of course -- as well as Urquhart 's days at the ill - fated Interplay , and the current state of the genre .
With discussions about the pros and cons of running an independent developer in these uncertain times , the interview takes in the landscape of a multifaceted career .
We definitely wanted to talk to people like yourself about what you learned over the years .
I 'm actually kind of going back to your background , and obviously , at Black Isle .
Do you look back at the stuff you were doing with Dungeons & Dragons , and see that as being influential or having an interesting impact throughout the game industry now ?
FU : There 's an aspect in role playing games and how you design games that you see more and more in every other kind of game .
So , for instance , what 's a big part of role playing games -- because you can look at D&D , and you go , " Well what really started role playing games originally ? "
Well , it was pen and paper , and that was Dungeons & Dragons .
And then what was the kind of grand daddy license to get in role playing games , which Interplay , which is a company I used to work at , picked up , and then we made a number of them at Black Isle Studios .
You had a character , and this kind of drove things .
Well , it 's your character .
It 's not the character the game designer made for you .
Having to do that has made us like , " Okay , so then we need to allow them to pick their race , allow them to pick their class , allow them to pick a head , hair , coloration , all this other kind of stuff . "
So , we were doing that 10 - 12 years ago .
Now you look at things like Saints Row 2 , Fight Night , and all this other kind of stuff .
Well , what do you get to do ?
You have to make your fighter .
Sega / Obsidian Entertainment 's Alpha Protocol
Or Rock Band .
That 's not an RPG at all , and you 're still designing your character .
FU : Right .
Yeah , yeah .
Absolutely .
Exactly .
So , I think they started the whole movement towards character customization from the standpoint of " Would n't it be cool if I am playing my own player , to do that stuff ? "
I think the other thing is that they kind of used like a persistent persona .
I think that was the other thing that RPGs really did .
Other than points in Defender , you 're the ship the whole game .
But you look in RPGs , and it was like , " No , I 'm getting my experience points , I 'm getting new weapons , I 'm doing this , I 'm moving , and I 'm making choices . "
I think that if you look at a lot of those things and you extrapolate that to games nowadays , you look at a lot of different games , and they have a lot of more persistence .
You know , I was just playing Dawn of War II last night ...
Well , RTSes used to be " Get to the new map , build everything , destroy everything ... "
Yeah , start again .
FU : " Start again , " right .
So now , in Dawn of War II , I finished the first level , and then I go to my map screen .
So , not only can I see where I 'm going to go and where I make choices ; now , I even have characters , and I can go in and equip them with items and I can upgrade their stats and all that kind of stuff .
I think a lot of that all came from D&D and role playing games .
On one hand , obviously , a lot of lessons from RPGs are spreading out .
Do you see hard core RPGs as a lot more mainstream as they used to be ?
Do you think , to a certain extent , it is and always will be more of a niche than some other game genres ?
FU : That 's a tough call .
It 's sure your choice in what kind of game you want to make .
As a game maker , do you want to go make something that five to 10 million people are going to buy , or are you okay with two to five million people buying it ?
I think that one of the things is that if you get to where you want to sell five to 10 million units of every game , you have to start making a lot of decisions ...
In essence , you 're trying to make a game that 's going to appeal to everybody , right ?
So , it 's sort of like the difference between ...
I 'll use stupid examples , but there 's Ivory Soap .
" This is for everybody .
It 's not special .
It 's not anything , but it 's soap , and it 's cheap and for everybody . "
And then you have something like Dove , which is much more expensive and it smells funny , but it 's made for a particular kind of person .
I think what happens , though , and maybe the analogy is that Ivory is very generic , Dove is not .
And so , I think a lot of thing is that -- and not that you can say Gears of War , Call of Duty , or any of those things are generic .
They 're great games and a great experience , but they 've been funneled down a line of " How do we sell as many units as possible ? " , you know what I mean ?
And which is the right line ?
I mean , this is a business .
If you 're going to spend 30 , 40 million dollars on a game , well then you gotta get that many people to buy it .
It just makes sense .
There 's no reason to make a movie , a very niche -y indie movie , and spend a hundred million dollars on it .
You can still make money .
It 's like the difference between Fox Searchlight and Fox .
FU : Yes , absolutely .
When it comes to niche - ness , RPGs , and stuff like that , it depends on what you want to do .
You look at Mass Effect and ...
I mean , Fallout has been very successful , and a lot of people think it 's very niche .
Mass Effect , again , has been successful , but niche .
Though niche might be the wrong word .
In other words , what they 've done , they 've pulled more players in by making it on console , making the numbers less in your face .
And I think that 's attracted people .
This is a conversation we have at Obsidian all the time , but you have to be careful about receding the numbers too far into the background because now you might lose your RPG players .
Microsoft / Lionhead Studios ' Fable II
I had a debate I did with this freelance writer , which was like Fable people versus Fallout people .
Like , I love Fable , and I do n't like Fallout , and the reason is the numbers , to me , are too much .
But for him , he finds Fable boring because they 're so in the background that you do n't get to design it yourself .
FU : But there are numbers even in Fable .
You have to choose a weapon .
Yes , you have to do that .
FU : Right , and how you tell the difference whether the weapon is good or not is a number .
You can buy property .
So , there 's a certain amount of numbers there .
I realized that I do n't like Fallout .
And then all the criticisms that I could come up with , I was like , " Anybody can say that about Fable . "
FU : ( laughs )
Then I was like , " I have no good reason anymore .
It just somehow appeals to me .
I can't come up with a good reason . "
FU : Right , right .
So , that 's kind of an interesting question then .
If you look at the sort of pretty mainstream success of Fallout 3 , do you think that they found a way to make a hardcore RPG much more mainstream than has been done in the past ?
Or when you look at how Fallout 3 is suceeding compared to what you 've done on Fallout 2 or other RPGs that you 've done ...
FU : I think Bethesda did two things , and I 'll start with that sort of thing .
Any great game , it 's beyond how exactly you play it .
It 's how you play it , and a specific " Are there numbers ?
and " Are there not numbers ? " and all that kind of stuff .
It 's more of a feeling .
What really was great about the original Fallout , Fallout 1 and Fallout 2 , was the feeling of being in this world .
And that was attractive .
Well , attractive is maybe the wrong word .
It was compelling .
( laughs )
That 's a better word .
I think what Bethesda did an incredible job at is making you feel like you are in this Fallout world .
And that 's what we did back at Black Isle , to make you really feel like you were in this Fallout world .
The whole thing -- from the loading screens to the main menu to the Pip - Boy to all that kind of stuff -- it really felt like it was a whole cohesive unit of feeling like you 're in this world .
And they did that .
When you do that , it is instantly more compelling to any kind of gamer .
As long as they feel like they 're not being hindered by something or that something is annoying in the game , then they 're probably going to enjoy it .
And I guess part of that is also taking it , obviously , from a turn - based PC game to using the Oblivion engine and learning how to use their Oblivion engine and make it Fallout .
And that 's not to say that it 's just Oblivion : Fallout .
I think the second thing that Bethesda did an incredible job at -- and this is what they do really well -- is they are just behind their games .
I think a lot of the success of Fallout 3 in particular -- because there are people probably at Bethesda that Fallout 3 is not the kind of game that they play -- but they jumped in with both feet , like , " This is the game .
We believe in this game . "
And I think that is why you see a success , too .
It 's almost catching .
In other words , you have a publisher who 's like , " Well , we have these seven games .
What do you think ? "
Bethesda is , " No , you 're buying this damn game . "
So , I think that the success was from both ways .
They were able to get the feeling of Fallout , and they really believed in their game .
And that belief in the game came through in how they were talking to everybody and pimping it and all that kind of stuff .
In starting Obsidian -- I do n't know the exact process -- was it more a circumstance thing where you were like , " I guess I need to start my own company because that 's the position I 'm in , " or was it like , " I 've been working in this industry for years , and I 'm ready to do my own thing " ?
FU : I think any kind of those decisions are a collection of a bunch of things .
I was 33 , and I think one of the owners is a year older than me , and the youngest owner is like three years younger than me .
So , I think we were literally like 30 , 31 , 33 -- 32 , 33 , 34 , something like that .
We were like , " This is the time to do it . "
If you kind of think about it , when we 're 40 and we have kids that are now getting [ older ] ...
In one case , owner 's in high school , or my kids at that point would have been in grade school .
You have less of a chance that you 're gonna go take a chance like that .
So , that was part of it .
I think the second thing is we had been working for Interplay for a long time , and we worked really hard , and we made a lot of great games , both internally and externally .
And Interplay just was n't going anywhere .
And that was really sad because we would work really hard , and then the money we would make would go fill a hole somewhere else .
Yeah , somebody 's debt .
FU : Yeah , exactly .
If you do that a few times , you 're just done .
And on top of that , because the money was so tough , it just got harder and harder to make games .
I think the one thing that I 've often told people is that the straw that broke the camel 's back for me was that it took me three months to get $ 20,000 worth of computer purchases approved because it got approved and unapproved four times .
And then finally after three months , I 'd heard it got ordered and everything , and then I got an email how that now , " Well , we were n't really sure that you needed them , so it 's been turned over to the tech director for the company to decide whether you really need them or not . "
And I 'm like ...
Just trying to design some games .
FU : My guys , now , literally ...
The computers were like six months too old when i started this process , you know what I mean ?
And not that I walked out that day .
It 's just , you know , this and this and this .
And it just seemed like a good time , and there should be opportunities and things like that .
It was n't so much like , " We 're going to go off , and Interplay are retards . "
Because a lot of it is we modeled a lot of what we did off of Interplay , both the good and the bad .
In some cases , we said , " Interplay did n't do that well -- why did we not like that ?
Let 's not just react to it , let 's figure it out . "
Because in a lot of ways , Interplay was a great company .
At times .
Even at the end , there were so many great things about it .
I 've talked to Mike Morhaime a lot .
I mean , Blizzard was initially modeled after Interplay .
So , it was n't a bad company .
So , in essence , we had no reaction to that other than the situation that it was in at that point that really made it hard to make games .
What 's your sense of what it 's like in the market now , not only for being an independent developer , which I know can be challenging , but also one that 's pretty focused on one genre of games ?
FU : Well , I think the thing is focusing on a genre is a good thing , because I think it 's a problem if you 're a generic game developer .
Like , you 're on no one 's list .
If you 're on someone 's list , at least , like , " Hey , we want to make an RPG .
Who are we going to call ? "
Yeah , you know you 're on that list .
FU : I know I 'm on that list .
And so , I think that aspect makes it better .
I think the other aspect of it , and I think you even wrote some of our troubles ... ( laughs )
I think the hard thing is that when a company externally gives another company 15 to 20 million dollars to make a game , the risk is so large that I think everyone has a hard time keeping their wits about them .
I am the person who will never blame publishers for everything .
I think it 's a joint thing .
It 's so easy to lose a lot of money just by blinking , when you have 60 to 70 people working on a team .
I think that aspect of game development , for an independent game developer , when you tie that to the economy and when you tie that to publishers being scared -- and I 'm not saying " risk - averse " -- about these investments ...
A lot of relationship and communication and a lot of stuff that the industry has never had to deal with have really become big challenges .
And I think my reaction to that in a lot of ways is that -- and this going to sound ... not bad , but I do n't mean it as horrible as it's going to sound -- to look at it as if we 're contractors .
It does n't mean that we 're not creative , and it's not that we 're not amazing at what we do , it 's that at the end of the day , we 're a contractor , and so we have to run our businesses that way .
And we have to run our businesses in a way that , " Yes , we have a relationship with our publishers .
But at the end of the day , we have to protect our business . "
I want to keep on making games .
I do n't want to close the doors tomorrow .
You want to make Sega happy , for instance , at the moment , but ultimately , your job is making Obsidian work .
FU : Right .
If I make Sega happy , or whatever publisher happy at the expense of my company , well great , they 're happy , and then I go out of business .
What 's that good for anybody ?
And that 's a hypothetical , of course .
But that 's a great way to look at it .
And I think that before these budgets got to the 10 , 15 , 20 million dollar range , mistakes could get swallowed up easier .
Like , " Ah , throw another million dollars at the game , whatever , " You know what I mean ?
The accountants do n't even care .
But throw another six million dollars at the game ?
Well , how many units do we have to recoup ?
What do we all feel about this ?
It was like easy three , five , six years ago when publishers came in and would say , " You know , we do n't like that interface .
We 'd like you to change it . "
Well , we could almost absorb that within what was going on , and we would n't have to do anything .
My mistake , as the guy running a business , has been that the publisher will come in -- the interface is perfectly fine .
Yeah , we can talk about little tweaks and all that kind of stuff .
And now we get into these kind of complicated , subjective things .
" Okay , you want to change it entirely .
Well , we 've already made one .
If you 'd like another one , well that 's going to be $ 300,000 . "
The problem is that the industry has n't gone through that process before in which , " It 's not my job to absorb it .
This is a work for hire .
I 'm the guy putting in your pool . "
That sounds like I do n't care about games -- I love making games .
No , it seems like you care , but you care about your budget ; you care about your company .
FU : Right , because I do n't want to go out of business .
And that 's really where independent developers have to go .
Independent developers have to go to the point where , either you 're making games that have no risk -- there are games out there like that --
Like a movie license , maybe ?
FU : A movie license , or a sequel where you 're reusing the technology , like KOTOR II for us .
Not a lot of risk because we get in and we did well at it .
But when there are these projects that have risk , you have to manage it like a business .
When you talk about the challenges of a bigger budget , which are inevitable , does that make it more and more difficult to be independent ?
Does that make the logic of being owned by the publisher or the publisher wanting to work with somebody internal so much more compelling each year ?
Does it point to a world where there 's like Valve , and id , and everybody else has to be owned by a publisher ?
FU : You 're going to see this .
There 'll be days where there 's a lot of independent developers and days when there 's not a lot .
And of course , our goal is to still be who we are .
I 'll be honest .
I could probably call up a publisher tomorrow and say , " I 'm sick of this damn payroll crap . "
Like , " I do n't want anything from my company , just take it over .
I just want to sign an employment agreement . "
Believe me , weight off my shoulders .
What I am doing later today is doing budgets and all that kind of stuff to figure stuff out .
But I think in some ways , I get to sign this five - year ...
Let 's just pretend , you know , I can sign this thing .
And there are ways that publishers can get out of that .
But for me , they probably would n't get out of it , or there would be things about it .
Other than security for me , security for my people ...
I mean , look at all the studios that publishers have shut down , EA laying off a thousand people .
And it 's like EA has problems that have nothing to do with this studio .
FU : Right , but they 're gone .
And then that studio has to bear the punishment , right ?
FU : Yes , right .
Exactly .
So , I do n't want to say we control our destiny , but we do a little bit more , because if we are executing and we 're making our milestones , and we 're getting the game done ...
I mean , there are other things that can cause problems .
( laughs ) I do n't know the ratio .
Do we have a better chance of finishing that project versus an in - house studio ?
See , an in - house studio has all this overhead and all this kind of stuff .
The accountants kind of look at it , " Well , this is a carrying cost for the next ... forever .
If we get rid of this , that 's a great story . "
Independent developer , " Well , we 're just paying them for another nine months . "
Right , if you cancel , you 're just saving however many million dollars ...
FU : In the nine months .
You 're not saving forever , it 's not something you can shut down , it 's not all these liabilities and all this other kind of stuff .
There 's no severance .
FU : There 's no severance , right .
I think that it 's hard to say what 's more secure .
I 've talked to a lot of people about it .
Some people are much more secure as part of a publisher .
I think that , of course , there are bad times with running a developer .
And some people do say that they think running an independent developer is a business that can never make money , but I think it 's how you manage that business .
Right .
Well , I guess one thing people say is that it seems like it would be a really crazy time to start a AAA developer .
FU : Oh , yes .
Like if you 're starting a developer , you'd be like , " I 'll do iPhones and I 'll do downloadable . "
You would n't start a AAA developer at this time probably .
FU : No , there would be a reason why you would do it in that if you had right now , and a publisher needs something , maybe it 's something for Christmas next year , and it was a product that made sense , and you had technology and all that kind of stuff ; I think it would be a good time to start a developer if you had an opportunity like that .
There 's not been a lot games actually in production over the last 18 months .
Not a lot of deals have been signed .
There 's been slow closures of studios , then lots of closures of studios .
I think there 's going to be a fair amount of games for this Christmas , but then looking at Christmas of 2010 , if no deals are being signed for 18 months , all these studios are being closed , what are we looking at for the stuff coming for Christmas 2010 ?
And so , it could be right now , that it might not be very bad , in that specific [ circumstance ] .
And maybe that 's the way to always look at any industry or the game industry .
There are these spots where you could be successful even in this crisis .
People always say that in a recession , the bottom point is the best point to start a company , right ?
FU : If you 're successful .
( laughs )
Are you guys working on the Aliens RPG at all ?
FU : ( laughs )
No comment .
And it's for the reason of , obviously , Sega announced that we were doing their game .
It 's their game .
We have confidential agreements with them , and so really -- whatever might be or might not be going on with that game -- they 're the ones that would have to say something ...
But you 're working on Alpha Protocol .
FU : Oh absolutely , yeah .
So , we continue to work on Alpha Protocol , and it 's actually going great .
I 'm actually pretty excited from the standpoint of , you know , we hit content complete , so we shoved all the -- I 'm not going to call it crap -- we got everything in the game , and now we 're just working towards alpha .
In essence , we get to polish a number of months before alpha , and then a number of months to beta , so it 's looking really positive .
We 've been able to fix a lot of things .
As a developer , there were a lot of things we had to learn with Alpha Protocol , things we did n't have to do in our previous games .
And so , we 've been really hitting those things .
Well , you were talking a little about taking RPG elements and broadening that out a little bit .
This is what Alpha Protocol seems to be , right ?
FU : Yes .
There are a lot of action elements that I assume you guys have n't done before .
FU : Right , it 's pulling things we have n't done and pulling them into RPGs .
There 's kind of a couple things for me as a game maker that I 've not had to really think and focus on before .
This is going to sound really strange but I 've never really had to think about player control .
Because other than just making sure running around feels okay .
Because obviously all my previous games that I 've made , they 've usually been point and click , or with KOTOR II , you 're just kind of running around .
I mean , it has to feel good but not amazing .
Combat was all choreographed , so there 's no cover , there 's no this , there 's no that .
So , really with Alpha Protocol , we really had to learn to come up with ...
I mean , Unreal has stuff in there , but you have to expand on it , basically .
And so , really focusing on movement , cover , how the AI reacts , and AI and cover .
AI , cover , movement , and animation quality , that is the lesson that we 've had to learn for Alpha Protocol .
We can take all the stuff we know about RPGs and get it in there , but then there was this large -- I would say " large " -- group of things that we then had also to learn how to do and get better at it .
And do you do that by bringing in people who have worked on those kinds of games ?
FU : Yeah .
I think it 's both .
One , it 's a good education .
It 's good for us .
With me , that 's the next thing that I look at , now that there are a couple games that we 're looking at starting right now .
If you asked me five years ago what are the big things that we have to get right ...
Well , we have to get area building right because RPGs are all about areas .
I guess all games are about areas , but RPGs are kind of , " We have to figure out how to make towns , " and things like that which are these persistent things which the player runs around in .
You always know where they 're going to go .
FU : Yes , exactly .
And so , it 's areas , it 's creature creation .
And from a standpoint , how do we create characters when we 're dealing with seven races , two sexes , body morphing , and all this other kind of stuff and all these things ?
But what would n't have been on there are these things about , " Well , how are we going to do cover ?
How are we having the AI react to cover ?
How do we give the player in a third - person over - the - shoulder camera an understanding that if they throw a grenade , where it 's going to go . "
In our games , it 's always been like , you targeted something .
In Fable II , right , you target something , you do n't target the world .
Right , that sort of thing .
And that 's an artistic choice .
FU : Yes .
And when working on an original property like that , do you have any sort of ownership of Alpha Protocol ?
You 're doing it for Sega , but is it also an investment for Obsidian for the long term ?
Or is this something that 's work for hire , and you see it the same way as doing Aliens or some license ?
FU : Obviously , our success come in games selling well , right ?
So , if you get too far down the line of , " Well , the brand of Alpha Protocol is more important than the game , " you start to get all schizophrenically weird .
For us , Alpha Protocol being successful is good for us .
We look at the game , and the brand is important because if we make the brand feel good , then the game will be successful .
In a world where games often materialize in other media , I 'm interested when developers try to own IPs themselves .
So , is that the case with Alpha Protocol ?
FU : Oh no , it 's Sega 's property .
We 've created it , but it 's their property .
If it 's successful , with you talking about being on the list , do you feel like that if this game works , suddenly you could be on more lists ?
Do you sort of think like that ?
Do you still feel like you 're the same company you were ?
FU : No , I would still want to make RPGs .
It 's what we think about .
It 's like how you think about asking questions .
And so , that 's how we looked at it .
There 's a range of different RPGs .
You go from the Diablos to the Torments , almost .
Planescape : Torment is all kinds of talking , and Diablo is just all action .
I think that within those bounds , you can create a lot of different things .
And I guess there 's even another axis now , which is Mass Effect , Alpha Protocol , and Fallout 3 , which is more of this first - person , even action - based , skill - based shooting mechanic .
Return to the full version of this article
Copyright © UBM
Tech ,
All rights reserved
: Mikey Weinstein refers to e-mails mocking anti-Semitism and Weinstein that were written by Colonel Donald P. Higgins , Jr , ( United Stated Air Force ret . ) — a key Inspector General investigator for the Department of Defense , charged with investigating the religious coercion and proselytizing at the Colorado Springs - based Air Force Academy — and e-mailed to Weinstein by Higgins .
The Higgins - authored , mocking articles make up facts about Weinstein ’s cadet son and about Weinstein ’s own experience at the Academy .
Weinstein , as reported by Harper ’s ( May 2009 ) , as a freshman at the Air Force Academy once “ punched an officer who accused him of fabricating anti-Semitic threats he ’d received . ” (- Fake , Col Higgins - authored Washington Times Article Fake , Col Higgins - authored New York Times Article )
These e-mails were written and sent by an investigator operating under the auspices of an Inspector General 's office for the Department of Defense .
]
And then of course , the [ Higgins - fabricated ] situation with the beatings that I took at the Academy , they actually occurred [ Higgins says ] from a black , Jewish underclassman , alleging in his fake New York Times article .
The first one was the fake AP article connecting to the Washington Times .
And that ’s why it ’s so base , evil and vile .
It ’s one thing for a these Christian ministers — let me make it clear , remember our foundation represent just about 15,000 , 100s more each month , but currently just under 15,000 active - duty Marines , Soilders and Airmen , Mike .
And ninety - six percent of clients are Christians .
And that ninety - six percent breaks down … 3/4ths are traditional Protestants .
We have 29 different varieties , for instance , of Baptists .
We have every different kind of Protestant you can get .
One - fourth , the remaining one / fourth of that 96 percent of Christendom that we represent in our armed military are Roman Catholic .
Only four percent of our clients are not followers of Jesus .
But they ’re being told ‘ they ’re not Christian enough , ’ and as a result they will be burning eternally in the fires of hell , along with the Muslims , Jews , and everyone else .
The difference here is that we ’re talking about the infiltration of this radicalized , what we call ' doministionist ' fundamentalist , Christianity where all of the conventional laser - guided , nuclear weapons are .
It ’s one thing for a police department to want to put out a holiday crèche or a public school to want to start teaching creationism , as in putting lip stick on a pig , intelligent design , trying to dress it up .
It ’s very different when we stop a multi-star general , who commands over 70,000 troops in the U.S. military , orders his battle staff to put together a PowerPoint presentation , not his chaplains mind you , Mike , his battle staff in a PowerPoint presentation showing a direct parallel between his weaponized talk about Jesus Christ and interpretation of the Book of Revelation and all of our combat movements in Basra , Bacava , Fallujah , Mosul , Sadr City in the northwest part of Baghdad , Kandahār ( Afghanistan ) , all over Tora Bora in Afghanistan .
We stopped it [ the official U.S. military PowerPoint presentation ] after it got out to 2,500 people .
These people that we ’re fighting — the domionist Christians .
A very good friend of mine is Chris Hedges .
And Chris , as you may know , is the Pulitzer Prize winner for the New York Times , he was the New York Times Middle East bureau chief , he wrote a book about three years ago , called American Fascists : The Christian Right and the War on America
The people in this movement , a fascistic movement — Hitler had 7.9 percent in the National Socialist movement .
Stalin had 2.9 percent in his movement .
But this is about 12.6 percent of the American public .
And they simply want the world to end .
And they believe , they ’re told every Wednesday and Sunday by their clerics in their churches , they may not even make it back to the parking lots , that we ’re about a Tiger Woods , two - inch putt away the end of the world .
They ’ll throw their hands like Rod Parsley does , Rod Parsley with the World Harvest Church , a typical , fundamentalist , Christian in Columbus , Ohio .
He regales his congregation about the fact that we are promised a ‘ 200 - mile - long river , ’ four - and - a - half - feet - deep , this is what Jesus promises us , filled with nothing but the blood of those that our sweet , Lord Jesus has slaughtered at the Battle of Armageddon .
And he does raise his hands to the ceiling and says with great passion , exhorting his congregation : ‘ And therefore my Christian brothers and sisters : Rejoice !
Rejoice for the worst is yet to come . ’
It sounds counterintuitive .
I do n’t care what their religious faith is .
It ’s very different when your religious faith is allowed to engage the machinery of the state .
In this country , the founding fathers and framers of our Constitution assiduously studied European history where most of the tyrannies that had occurred have been with men of the cloth , Men of political power .
They looked at men like Cromwell of England , they then looked at the Salam witch trials , and they said : ‘ Not here . ’
And so not only are we going to establish in our First Amendment , a separation between church and state — and mind you the people we ’re fighting think that ’s a myth like Big Foot or the Loch Ness Monster — but the First Amendment and the bill of rights did n’t go in until March of 1791 .
A few ( years ) earlier , December of 1789 , the body of the Constitution was passed and that included Clause Three , Article Six .
Well , specifically it stated we will never have a religious test for any position in the federal government .
And yet where was Homer and Marge Simpson , Mr and Mrs Bubba America , you know supine and docile America , on Tuesday , July 12 , 2005 , you can look it up in the Laurie Goodstein article on the front page of the newspaper most reviled by the Pentagon .
On the front page of the New York Times , Tuesday , July 12 , 2005 , there was an article in which at the time the number - two ranking general among the 1,000s of the chaplains corp of the U.S. Air Force , Brigador General Cecil R. Richardson , and one of the last things Bush did a number of months before he left office he promoted Richardson to major general .
He ’s now the chief chaplain for the entire Air Force , he made the unbelievable statement that the U.S. Air Force , it was now Air Force policy , to reserve its right to evangelize anybody it determined to be ‘ unchurched .’:
Thank you . :
Be well .
PCC may launch investigation after receiving more complaints in a single weekend than it has had in the past five years
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
The Press Complaints Commission has received a record 22,000 complaints about Jan Moir 's article about Stephen Gately since Friday – more complaints in a single weekend than the regulator has received in total in the past five years .
Moir 's article , which was published the day before Gately 's funeral in Dublin , provoked widespread outrage on the web .
The original headline on the Mail Online website , " Why there was nothing ' natural ' about Stephen Gately 's death " , was later amended to the print edition headline " A strange , lonely and troubling death " .
The article has also prompted a complaint to the Metropolitan police .
Moir 's article said Gately 's death in Mallorca after a night out " strikes another blow to the happy - ever - after myth of civil partnerships " .
It is understood that the PCC will be mindful of the attitudes of Gately 's family and partner .
" They appear to be individually written complaints , " a source said .
The PCC has had no formal contact with the Daily Mail over the incident , the source added .
The PCC today stopped short of announcing an immediate investigation to see if its code of practice has been violated but said it would " consider " the 22,000 complaints .
They " represent by far the highest number of complaints ever received about a single article in the history of the commission " , the PCC confirmed .
" Any complaint from the affected parties will naturally be given precedence by the commission , in line with its normal procedures , " the watchdog said in a statement .
" If , for whatever reason , those individuals do not wish to make a complaint , the PCC will in any case write to the Daily Mail for its response to the more general complaints from the public before considering whether there are any issues under the code to pursue .
" As the PCC will not be in a position to engage in direct correspondence with every complainant , it is issuing this statement to make clear what action it will be taking .
It will make a further public statement when it has considered the matter . "
The PCC rarely investigates complaints not made by people directly involved in articles , unless they are complaints about accuracy .
The regulator did last year investigate third - party complaints about press coverage of Alfie Patten after the Sun falsely reported that Patten had fathered a child aged 13 , although it eventually dropped its inquiries .
In this case the PCC could launch an investigation to see if Moir 's article violated parts of its code that deals with intrusion into grief , accuracy , discrimination and homophobia .
Paul Dacre , the Daily Mail editor , is chairman of the PCC code committee , which oversees the commission 's code of practice that all journalists and newspapers are expected to abide by .
Moir also called for " the truth " to emerge " about the exact circumstances of his strange and lonely death " and said : " Once again , under the carapace of glittering , hedonistic celebrity , the ooze of a very different and more dangerous lifestyle has seeped out for all to see " .
Today the Daily Mail ran a small article on page 4 about the controversy , saying it had dominated internet debate .
" Columnist Jan Moir 's comments on the singer 's shocking death sparked an extraordinary online response using sites such as Twitter and Facebook .
Thousands have been moved to comment on Moir 's column after she wrote in last Friday 's paper about the circumstances surrounding the star 's death in Majorca , when he and his civil partner invited a Bulgarian man to their flat , " the Daily Mail article said .
Today the Daily Mail ran an comment piece by Janet Street - Porter , who said that she was " astonished to read " Moir 's column .
" Fact - Stephen Gately died from natural causes , not from guilt , " wrote Street - Porter , who knew Gately , describing him as " almost too innocent for his own good " .
" If Stephen and his partner went to a nightclub and returned to their flat with another man , is it really any of our business ? "
Street - Porter wrote .
Street - Porter said that she was more concerned about the rise of assaults on gay men than what went on behind closed doors .
On Friday advertisers including Marks & Spencer demanded that their advertising be removed from the webpage on which Moir 's piece was published , although Mail Online had already taken the decision to remove banner ads .
Moir , who has won a British Press Award , made a statement defending her column late on Friday , saying it was not her intention to offend , blaming a " heavily orchestrated internet campaign " for the furore and adding that it was " mischievous in the extreme to suggest that my article has homophobic and bigoted undertones " .
The controversy sent traffic to the Daily Mail website soaring by 21 % on Friday , said New Media Age , citing figures from measurement firm Experian Hitwise .
• To contact the MediaGuardian news desk email editor@mediatheguardian.com or phone 020 3353 3857 .
For all other inquiries please call the main Guardian switchboard on 020 3353 2000 .
• If you are writing a comment for publication , please mark clearly " for publication " .
Quotation Details
Quotation # 40031 from Classic Quotes :
When I feed the poor , they call me a saint , but when I ask why the poor are hungry , they call me a communist .
Dom Helder Camara
Your Quotations Page
You must be a registered user to use this feature .
Log in using the form to the left , or register as a new user .
You must be a registered user to use this feature .
Log in using the form to the left , or register as a new user .
Spying is my habit .
I always wonder what is happening behind the walls , always wanted to hear the truth .
All those conspiracies and plans behind my back , I always wanted to get all of them .
Recently , I had a chance to get my hands on Inspector Gadget Audio Listening Device .
It is a tiny cheap spying device .
This device meets all of my needs , and now it has become one of my favorite spying devices .
Technically speaking the device is pretty simple .
It works by amplifying the vibration of audio .
Whenever you talk , the voices that are generated are wavebands , these wavebands travel through short and long distance .
And when the inspector gadget audio device is switched on , it picks up these wave bands and amplifies them , so that you can listen to them .
All you have to do is to put the spying device against the wall , connect the earphones with it and listen to things being said on the other side of the wall .
It Works on wooden walls , doors , windows , steel plates , etc , works best when used on barriers that are 6 – 10 inches in thickness .
The amplification level can be increased by a dial located at the back of the device .
You can listen to all those gossips and murmurs by increasing the amplification level .
Now your ears can sneak in to the happenings behind the walls !
Company ’s Important Note :
You are solely responsible for finding out whether this product is legal to import and / or use in your country .
We will send you the products you order and cannot accept any liability for customs issues or any implications of your ownership or usage of this device .
Features & Specs :
Works on wooden walls , doors , windows , steel plates , etc .
Spy Bug with earphones
Volume Dial to amplify sounds
3.5 mm Earphone Jack
USB IN
ON / OFF Switch Button with volume Dial
Built In Rechargeable Battery
Dimensions : L:43 x Diameter :36 ( mm )
Highly Sensitive , carefully adjust audio slowly , as not to cause discomfort to your ear - buds
The device is available only for $ 55 .
Order you piece right now .
Could there be a more accurate description of the Obama - Brown message of congratulations to the fraudulently elected Hamid Karzai of Afghanistan ?
First the Palestinians held fair elections in 2006 , voted for Hamas and were brutally punished for it – they still are – and then the Iranians held fraudulent elections in June which put back the weird Mahmoud Ahmadinejad whom everyone outside Iran ( and a lot inside ) regard as a dictator .
But now we have the venal , corrupt , sectarian Karzai in power after a poll far more ambitiously rigged than the Iranian version , and – yup , we love him dearly and accept his totally fraudulent election .
And now we are still trying to persuade his opponent to join a national unity government , an administration led by the man whose vote - stuffing was the very reason that same leader of the opposition – the good pseudo - Pashtun Abdullah Abdullah – refused to run in a second round of elections .
And Karzai got his fawning congrats from the Obama - Brown twins .
So that 's OK then .
Wagons Ho. For Westmoreland , read McChrystal .
Send in the brave 40,000 to join the rest of the US cavalry as it fights its way west – or rather south - west – to the Khe Sanh of Afghanistan in Year Eight of the War on Terror .
The March of Folly was Barbara Tuchman 's title for her book on governments – from Troy to Vietnam - era America – that followed policies contrary to their own interests .
And well may we remember the Vietnam bit .
As Patrick Bury , a veteran British soldier of our current Afghan adventure , pointed out yesterday , Vietnam is all too relevant .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Back in 1967 , the Americans oversaw a " democratic " election in Vietnam which gave the presidency to the corrupt ex-General Nguyen Van Thieuman .
In a fraudulent election which the Americans declared to be " generally fair " – he got 38 per cent of the vote – Thieu 's opponents would n't run against him because the election was a farce .
In 1967 , Washington needed the elections to give legitimacy to this revolting dictator – and thus provide credibility to its own military occupation of Vietnam in the war against Communism .
As in Vietnam – where Saigon was a lonely kingdom of brutal power totally isolated from the rest of the country – Karzai is going to rule over an equally tiny island of corruption , protected by US mercenaries while the Americans perform their familiar role of propping up a dictator .
As ex-Lieutenant Bury sagely points out , the Afghan war is " campaigning on a par with the 19th - century British colonial army trying to manage the unwinnable ...
What was or is the strategy behind these long , bloody conflicts ? "
Well , in 1967 , it was the possible communisation of Laos , Cambodia and Thailand .
Now it is Pashtunistan , Baluchistan , Waziristan .
For us , the vast ignorant " plebes " , it 's supposed to stop the Taliban / al - Qa'ida beasts from attacking our looming towers all over again , albeit that the 2001 murderers in question largely hailed from that friendly , moderate , brutal , oligarchical monarchical dictatorship called Saudi Arabia where – thank the good gods – they do n't hold elections .
But it 's part of a dreary pattern .
US forces were participating in a civil war in Vietnam while claiming they were supporting democracy and the sovereignty of the country .
In Lebanon in 1982 , they claimed to be supporting the " democratically " elected President Amin Gemayel and took the Christian Maronite side in the civil war .
And now , after Disneyworld elections , they are on the Karzai - government side against the Pashtun villagers of southern Afghanistan among whom the Taliban live .
Where is the next My Lai ?
Journalists should avoid predictions .
In this case I will not .
Our Western mission in Afghanistan is going to end in utter disaster .
Welcome to Episode 9 .
In this episode , we shall be looking at how you can run background tasks in your GAEJ Application .
By background Task , I mean any piece of code that you would like to run at a scheduled time and independent of the user interaction .
There are several examples of such tasks .
For e.g. :
Hourly / Daily / Weekly / Monthly backup of data
End of the day report generation to report any errors , transactions , etc .
Sending an email at the end of the day ( or once a day ) with some information to subscribers .
For e.g .
News sites .
If you have written a few web applications , you would definitely have come across more scenarios like that .
In this episode , we shall cover the following :
What is a Cron Job ?
How to schedule a Cron Job ?
Write a simple Cron Job that prints a single statement Configure , execute and monitor the Cron Job execution
Let ’s go !
What is a Cron Job ?
When would you need one ?
I will use information liberally from Wikipedia over here to explain some of the core concepts .
You can refer to the Cron page at Wikipedia if you want .
The word ‘ cron ’ is short for Chronograph .
A Cron is a time - based job scheduler .
It enables our application to schedule a job to run automatically at a certain time or date .
A Job ( also known as a Task ) is any module that you wish to run .
This module can perform system maintenance or administration , though its general purpose nature means that it can be used for other purposes , such as connecting to the Internet and downloading email .
Examples include :
Taking a daily backup of data via a scheduled task and moving the file to another server .
( Runs once daily )
Sending an email every week to your subscribers .
( Runs once weekly )
Clearing the log files at the end of every day ( Runs once daily )
Remind yourself of a wonderful weekend coming up , every Friday at 5:00 PM ( Runs once a week on a Friday at 5:00 PM )
The Google App Engine provides a service called the Cron Service that helps us do two fundamental things :
Allows your application to schedule these tasks .
Execute these tasks based on their schedule .
What does a Cron Job look like ?
And how do I schedule one ?
A Cron Job is nothing but a URL that is invoked by the Google App Engine infrastructure at its scheduled execution time .
To write a Cron Job , you need to do the following :
1. Write a Java Servlet and configure it in the web.xml .
Note down the URL where the servlet can be invoked .
The URL is the < url - pattern > mentioned in the < servlet - mapping > for your Servlet configuration in web.xml .
For e.g. the URL is the < url - pattern > element specified in the segment of the web.xml that is shown below :
< servlet > < servlet - name > GAEJCronServlet</servlet-name > < servlet-class>com.gaejexperiments.cron.GAEJCronServlet</servlet-class > </ servlet > < servlet - mapping > < servlet- name > GAEJCronServlet</servlet-name > < url - pattern>/cron/mycronjob</url-pattern> </servlet - mapping >
2. Create a cron.xml file that specifies one or more Cron Jobs ( Scheduled Tasks ) that you want to execute .
A sample for the above Cron Job is shown below :
<?xml version = " 1.0 " encoding = " UTF - 8 " ?> < cronentries > < cron > <url>/cron/mycronjob</url> < description > Put your Cron Job description here </ description > < schedule > Put Cron Job Schedule here </ schedule > </ cron > </ cronentries >
The cron.xml file tells Google App Engine about the Cron Jobs that are scheduled by your application .
This file resides in the WEB - INF directory of your application and is copied to the App Engine cloud when you deploy the application .
The following points are important about the cron.xml file :
Each Cron Job configured in your application is defined in a < cron /> element .
So there can be one or more < cron /> elements .
The above < cron /> element has the following 3 elements that defines the Job. < url / > specifies where the Google App Engine can invoke your Cron Job .
This is nothing but the Servlet URL that you defined in the web.xml file that we saw earlier .
The Servlet URL will point to your Servlet which contains the Cron Job implementation .
specifies where the Google App Engine can invoke your Cron Job .
This is nothing but the that you defined in the file that we saw earlier .
The Servlet URL will point to your Servlet which contains the Cron Job implementation .
< description / > is a simple text based description of what your Cron Job does .
It does not influence any aspect of the execution and is used for display purposes when you look at your application configuration via the App Console .
is a simple text based description of what your Cron Job does .
It does not influence any aspect of the execution and is used for display purposes when you look at your application configuration via the App Console . < schedule / > is the time when your Job has to be executed .
This is where you specify if your job is to be run daily , once every hour , on Friday at 5:00 PM , etc .
It is completely dependent on when you wish to execute this job .
However , you must follow some rules and they are specified in the documentation on Scheduling Format .
I strongly recommend you to read it up to understand various ways of specifying the schedule .
Some of the examples are : “ every 1 minute ” , “ every 12 hours ” , “ every friday 17:00 ” and so on .
Develop a simple Cron Job
The first thing to do is to create a New Google Web Application Project .
Follow these steps :
1. Either click on File –> New –>
Other or press Ctrl - N to create a new project .
Select Google and then Web Application project .
Alternately you could also click on the New Web Application Project Toolbar icon as part of the Google Eclipse plugin .
2 . In the New Web Application Project dialog , deselect the Use Google Web Toolkit and give a name to your project .
I have named mine GAEJExperiments .
I suggest you go with the same name so that things are consistent with the rest of the article , but I leave that to you .
In case you are following the series , you could simply use the same project and skip all these steps altogether .
You can simply go to the next part i.e. the Servlet code .
3. Click on Finish .
This will generate the project and also create a sample Hello World Servlet for you .
But we will be writing our own Servlet .
GAEJCronServlet.java
Our Cron Job is going to be very simple .
It is simply going to print out a statement in the log file that says that it is getting executed .
The Cron Service of Google App Engine automatically will invoke this Servlet when its scheduled time to execute has arrived .
So all we need to do is code out Servlet .
The code is shown below :
package com.gaejexperiments.cron ; import java.io.IOException ; import java.util.logging .
Logger ; import javax.servlet.ServletException ; import javax.servlet.http.* ; @ SuppressWarnings ( " serial " ) public class GAEJCronServlet extends HttpServlet { private static final Logger _logger = Logger.getLogger( GAEJCronServlet.class.getName( ) ) ; public void doGet ( HttpServletRequest req , HttpServletResponse resp ) throws IOException { try { _logger .
info( " Cron Job has been executed " ) ; // Put your logic here // BEGIN //END } catch ( Exception ex ) { //Log any exceptions in your Cron Job } } @ Override public void doPost ( HttpServletRequest req , HttpServletResponse resp ) throws ServletException , IOException { doGet ( req , resp ) ; } }
The code is straightforward to understand .
It has doGet ( ) and doPost ( ) methods .
And you will find in the doGet ( ) method , that we simply log with an INFO level , that the Cron Job has been executed .
In fact , your actual Job implementation should go in here as indicated by the comments .
So whether you are invoking a backend database , or sending a consolidated email report , etc should all go in here .
All that remains is to now tell the App Engine via configuration about your Servlet ( via web.xml ) and create the cron.xml file in which you will mention your Cron Job .
Configure the Cron Job
As mentioned , we need to configure the Servlet in the web.xml and also specify it in the cron.xml file .
Let us look at that now :
Configuring the Servlet
We need to add the < servlet / > and < servlet - mapping /> entry to the web.xml file .
This file is present in the WEB - INF folder of the project .
The necessary fragment to be added to your web.xml file are shown below .
Please note that you can use your own namespace and servlet class .
Just modify it accordingly if you do so .
< servlet > < servlet - name > GAEJCronServlet</servlet-name > < servlet-class>com.gaejexperiments.cron.GAEJCronServlet</servlet-class > </ servlet > < servlet - mapping > < servlet- name > GAEJCronServlet</servlet-name > <url - pattern>/cron/gaejcronjob</url-pattern> </servlet - mapping >
Specifying the Cron Job ( cron.xml )
The cron.xml for our application will contain only one Cron Job .
And here we specify the Servlet URL along with the schedule .
Notice that I have chosen to execute this Cron job every 2 minutes .
But you are free to experiment if you like with different Schedule Formats .
This files needs to be created in the WEB - INF folder of your project .
<?xml version = " 1.0 " encoding = " UTF - 8 " ?> < cronentries > < cron > <url>/cron/gaejcronjob</url>
< description >GAEJExperiments
Cron Job that simply announces that it got invoked .</ description > < schedule > every 2 minutes </ schedule > </ cron > </ cronentries >
Deploy the Application
To deploy the application , follow these steps ( they should be familiar to you now .
I am assuming that you already have the Application ID with you ) :
Click on the Deploy Icon in the Toolbar .
In the Deploy dialog , provide your Email and Password .
Do not click on Deploy button yet .
Click on the App Engine Project settings link .
This will lead you to a dialog , where you need to enter your Application ID [ For e.g. my Application Identifier gaejexperiments ]
Click on OK .
You will be lead back to the previous screen , where you can click on the Deploy button .
This will start deploying your application to the GAEJ cloud .
You should see several messages in the Console window as the application is being deployed .
Finally , you should see the message “ Deployment completed successfully ” .
We can now check if the Google App Engine got our Cron Job correctly configured and verify if it is getting executed at the schedule that we have configured it to .
Monitoring the Cron Job
You can use the App Engine console to verify if your Cron Job is executing well or not .
To do that , perform the following steps :
Go to http://appengine.google.com and log in with your account .
You will see a list of applications registered .
Click on the application that you just deployed .
In my case , it is gaejexperiments .
When you click on a particular application , you will be taken to the Dashboard for that application , which contains a wealth of information around the requests , quotas , logs , versions , etc.
Verify that the Cron Jobs that you specified in the cron.xml have been configured successfully for the application by clicking Cron Jobs , visible under Main .
For our application that we deployed , here is the screen shot from the App Engine console :
You will notice that the Cron Job has not yet run as the console indicates .
Every time that the job is executed , this column is updated with the last date time stamp that the Job executed along with its status .
Since we have configured our Job to run every 2 minutes , I waited for 2 minutes and then the job executed itself and when I refreshed the Cron Jobs page , the status was updated as shown below :
You can also click on the Logs link .
This will display the application log .
And all your application log statements that you code using the Logger class can be visible here .
By default , the severity level is set at ERROR and we can change that to INFO and you should be able your log statements that had the log level of INFO .
This was the log level at which we had logged the statement in our Java Servlet ( Cron Job ) .
Shown below is a screen shot of the log when the Cron Job was fired once .
Conclusion
This concludes Episode 9 of this series in which you learn how to schedule tasks in your Google App Engine applications .
These background tasks that can be scheduled at a certain time and which are executed by the Cron Service are an indispensable part of several web applications that are deployed today .
If you ever wish to do repeated tasks in your application without any user intervention like sending emails , crawling web sites , taking database backups , etc , then writing a Cron Job and scheduling it for execution is a key feature that you can utilize while deploying your application to Google App Engine .
There is a lot more to Cron Jobs and I suggest to read up the documentation .
Till the next episode , Happy Scheduling !
BERLIN , Germany - What Americans know about Angela Merkel : Named by Forbes as the world 's most powerful woman for the fourth straight year , she was the world leader who grimaced at then - U.S. President George W. Bush 's shoulder rub .
What Germans know about " Angie " :
She is a confident chancellor who has made steady assurances that she would guide the world 's third - largest economy through the financial crisis .
But they do n't know much more about her than that .
While Germans have embraced Merkel 's displays of quiet authority , they have n't been able to overcome the aura of personal and political aloofness that she projects .
Germany knows that its chancellor is powerful , but the recent election campaign did not show them her vision for German society and her ideas for solving the country 's most fundamental structural and social problems .
And that lack of clarity over what she stands for could get Merkel in trouble during her second term .
The general contours of her biography are clear enough .
Raised in East Germany as the daughter of a Protestant pastor , she pursued a scientific career as a physicist in East Berlin .
After the fall of the Berlin Wall and the reunification of the country , Merkel quickly rose through the ranks of the country 's governing conservative party , the Christian Democratic Union , serving as environment minister from 1994 through 1998 .
The way Merkel coolly dispatched rivals both within and outside her party on her way to the top earned her respect among her colleagues - as well as a reputation for harboring a political identity motivated more by the maintenance of personal power than by any specific conservative principles .
Her strategy may be explained as necessity :
The earthy , western German , male Catholics who long dominated the party were not inclined to be long forgiving to the intellectual , eastern German , secular Protestant woman who had managed to take the reins .
Merkel already had one strike against her for the poorly managed campaign she ran four years ago that fumbled away the conservatives ' strong lead in national polls and forced the CDU into an unwieldy coalition with its rival , the center - left Social Democrats ( SPD ) .
Last Sunday 's election will only exacerbate traditional CDU members ' suspicions that Merkel has had an agenda to change party .
Since climbing the merciless path to the top of the CDU hierarchy , Merkel has tried to attract independents by softening her party 's stance on social issues .
Where the CDU 's leadership used to routinely claim that Germany was not " a country of immigration , " Merkel organized conferences with the Muslim community in Germany to discuss social integration .
Where the CDU was once skeptical that Germany could afford measures to counteract global warming , Merkel has presented herself as the " climate change chancellor . "
And where the party used to go out of its way to show its reverence for the institutions of the Catholic Church , Merkel did not hesitate to criticize the current German - born Pope Benedict XVI for reinstating bishops who had denied the Holocaust .
But , in her term as chancellor , Merkel has not been nearly as vocal on issues traditionally closer to her conservative party 's heart , such as reforming the country 's labor markets and simplifying its tax code .
Merkel has claimed she had no choice .
She ran in 2005 on a platform of free - market reforms , she insisted , but the voters had forced her to work with the SPD .
Nonetheless , on Sunday night when the election tallies came in , it was the doubters of Merkel 's commitment to the conservative creed who felt confirmed .
Merkel 's support among her own Christian Democratic base , which was not strong to begin with , eroded even further this year .
Merkel 's CDU only earned 33 percent of the vote , the second worst showing of the party 's history .
Merkel , it seems , has failed to pass the authenticity test among loyal conservatives .
And , indeed , when Merkel took the stage at the party headquarters less than an hour after polls closed across Germany , her primary concern seemed to be assuaging the country 's moderate independents .
She was there ostensibly to announce and take credit for having achieved her election goal - namely , a coalition with the free - market Free Democratic Party - but Merkel 's demeanor momentarily belied the festive occasion .
She bore a diffident expression and her message was less than celebratory .
Unprompted , she anxiously emphasized that she intended to serve as " chancellor for all Germans . "
It was a phrase that neatly summed up the unsustainable character of Merkel 's tenure at the top of Germany 's government .
For four years , she has been chancellor for all Germans , but no one party .
Merkel 's demure , consensus - seeking style at the top of the " Grand Coalition " between SPD and CDU earned her personal approval ratings that were consistently near 70 percent .
But , at the same time , the polls from Sunday show that she has failed to strongly convince any single group of Germans that she was their chancellor in particular .
It seemed Germans liked her precisely because they were n't sure what she stood for .
Merkel may continue to try to rhetorically stake claim to the lofty above - the - fray role she has carved out for herself , but she will likely find herself having to offer more partisan red meat to keep her grumbling conservative base , as well as her free - market FDP coalition partners , at bay .
Indeed , Germans will likely have to adjust to a chancellor less like the conciliatory moderator between the center - left and center - right whom they came to know recently , and more like the polarizing Margaret Thatcher - style " Iron Chancellor " figure that she was first depicted as four years ago .
The economic faction of conservatives will soon demand their pound of flesh in the way of structural reforms of the economy .
With the SPD 's weak showing in the election , they 'll argue that there are no more excuses for delay .
But , Merkel , true to her cautious temperament , has already indicated that Germany likely wo n't be able to afford any more tax breaks given the country 's large budget deficit in the wake of the financial crisis .
How long Germany 's conservatives will pay deference to Merkel 's personal popularity in the country at large is an open question .
But , if they do attempt to pressure the chancellor , they ought to be prepared for pushback .
Merkel 's vision for the direction of German society may lack inspiration , and her rallying cries may fail to stir her voters , but her critics and allies alike have always given her credit as a canny strategist of intra-party politics and a merciless defender of her own personal authority .
Famously , she secured the party leadership for herself 10 years ago by decisively staging a putsch against her mentor and patron , former chancellor Helmut Kohl , when he was embroiled in a financial scandal .
It 's not for nothing that Merkel has found her way to the top and stayed there .
As the " chancellor for all Germans " she may not articulate a clear political philosophy , but she certainly does have sharp elbows .
Natural Health Practitioners play an important role in many people 's lives , improving their overall health and wellness .
Natural Health Practitioners are skilled in natural health procedures and practices such as : holistic nutrition , naturopathy and herbology .
Society has more recently embraced the idea of looking to natural means of healing , but natural and holistic medicine is an ancient idea .
It is one that has endured as a healthcare option for many individuals .
Promotion
Sittilingi is a remote village in Dharmapuri district , 125 km away from Salem town in Tamil Nadu , which used to be a god forsaken land caught under the spell of quacks and black magic .
Noisy drums and fake injections were all they had to cure illnesses .
This is when Dr. Regi and Dr. Lalitha took the plunge .
This doctor couple went ahead to provide medical services to the tribals of Sittilingi , leaving their promising careers in the cities .
The couple found their calling in service to the underprivileged and wanted to use their knowledge where it was needed the most .
Their hunt for the right place to offer their service ended at Sittilingi , a totally neglected and ignored tribal village .
They ventured into the village , faced tough resistances and now they have emerged successful in establishing a full - fledged medical center for the tribals .
A service beyond praises !
Regi and Lalitha called their service the Tribal Health Initiative ( THI ) .
Their perseverance and continued service has brought about dramatic change in the living conditions of the natives .
Infant mortality rate in Sittilingi has reduced to 20/1000 and there are no mothers dying in childbirth for the past 5 years .
The nutrition levels of children and the general well being of the people have improved to a great extent .
Another striking fact about the Sittilingi initiative is that the girls who serve as nurses at the medical center are personally trained by Regi and Lalitha .
When Regi and Lalitha saw that it was extremely difficult to get nurses to work at this tribal village , they decided to go choose smart and trainable girls from the village .
This became such a wonderful uplift to the self esteem of the girls that they are extremely proud to be part of this initiative and to serve their community .
Promotion
THI ’s approach to medical care went one step ahead in educating the people and ‘ helping the tribals help themselves ’ .
They wanted to create a general understanding about health and health issues and make the natives acquainted with basic first aid .
Today , over 21 neighbouring villages are benefiting from the Tribal Health Initiative that sprung at Sittilingi .
And , the couple did n’t stop with medical facilities .
They organize educational programmes , cultural activities and community development initiatives .
There is a library facility that is available for children who also get to listen to motivating stories from a community worker every month .
Truly commendable , right ?
It is very heartening to know about the selfless and committed service of Regi and Lalitha and many others who are supporting them .
You can visit them at Sittilingi and get to know their service better .
We also encourage you to support the initiative by contributing to the cause .
Visit http://www.tribalhealth.org/
Preview of my contribution to Emerald City Comicon 's Monsters & Dames fund - raising book .
Prints available via Cadence Comic Art !: Thank you SO MUCH for making this a Daily Deviation .
I am beyond grateful for the faves and all of your feedback .
< 3 Inked with a G - pen nib , colored digitally .
My submissions for the 2011 and 2012 books :
Senator to host fundraiser for Harry Reid in New Orleans
WASHINGTON --
The Louisiana senator who secured a $ 100 million bonus in Medicaid payments for her state in the proposed Senate health care bill will host a fundraiser for Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid next month in New Orleans , the Times - Picayune is reporting this morning .
Democratic Sen. Mary Landrieu 's office told the paper the event was planned " several weeks ago . "
Landrieu is one of three Democratic senators who have not yet committed to voting to advance Reid 's health care bill during Saturday 's pivotal vote .
A provision in the bill that Reid unveiled this week includes a $ 100 million bump in Medicaid payments for the hurricane - damaged state that goes beyond the 100 percent funding for Medicaid expansion Reid secured for Nevada and the other states .
Landrieu and political consultant James Carville will host the Dec. 12 brunch at a private home , the Times - Picayune reported .
Holiday goodies from Maite Zubia of Maitelates .
Photo by David Haines
I plan to have a great time this week .
My father - in - law will be visiting us , and we 're going to have a quiet family Thanksgiving followed by get - togethers with friends .
What I do n't plan to do is be up at a ridiculous hour to participate in the madness that is Black Friday .
While there are some children and others on my list for whom I 'll bend and get the latest whatever that 's within my budget , most of my holiday shopping this year will be via the talented food artisans in this area .
Michigan was praised by the recently - departed Gourmet magazine as having the second greatest variety of produce after California and a wonderful " fresh market " industry .
This is fine praise , indeed , as California is widely seen as the trendsetter of the U.S. food artisan market .
Our climate , rich soil , and the initiative of small food business owners and local farmers may be something that helps to pull us from the economic quagmire that we 've been experiencing for the last several years .
Kern Road Farm chutneys and jams .
Photo by Jennifer Haines
By patronizing our local food artisans , you bring a gift that is truly unique and reflects our area , you send something delicious that wo n't take up room or become a white elephant gift , and for those who care about such things , you put dollars back into the Michigan economy .
During my walk through the Farmers Market on Saturday , the items below caught my eye , but there are also wonderful options that include handmade jewelry , pottery , Christmas ornaments , tea towels , exotic jams , hot and pasta sauces and wreaths and centerpieces of all types and sizes .
Biscotti Factory Christmas cookie platter .
Photo by Jennifer Haines
This gorgeous platter of Christmas cookies ( also available in smaller quantities of gift boxes ) was created by Barb Gibson , of The Biscotti Factory .
Barb is a long - time clay artist , who 's taught at both U. of M. and Schoolcraft , but who turned to biscotti making recently and brings the same artist 's mentality to her delicious cookie selections .
For order information , please call 734-464-8210 .
The Oliverio sisters of Pasta e Pasta are selling their wonderful pastas in beautifully wrapped gift baskets for holiday shopping .
Cecilia 's Pastries Rustic Apple Tart .
Photo by Jennifer Haines
A newcomer to the Market , Cecilia Mercante of Cecilia 's Pastries , provides Parisian Macarons in a variety of flavors , along with beautiful tarts , presented in lovely gift boxes .
Maite Zubia of Maitelates , has order forms for her over - the - top alfajores - the Chilean cookies that are decadent , delicate cookies , spread with dulce de leche and other purees ( including Michigan cherry and quince ) and covered in a rich dark chocolate .
You can also buy jars of Maite 's fabulous dulce de leche .
Each cookie is wrapped individually with beautiful labels , and the gift packages are either bags tied with rustic twine or elegant gift boxes .
Tasty Bakery 's gluten - free baked goods .
Photo by David Haines
For the gluten - free recipient on your list , Julie Rabinovitz of Tasty Bakery is also offering a huge variety of tasty treats , including gluten - free pies for your holiday meals .
She will have order forms for Christmas out shortly .
This is just a small sampling of the many options that are available in our area .
The foods in this post were found at the Ann Arbor Farmers Market this past Saturday ; other wonderful options abound from Sweet Gem Confections , holiday torrones and pan fortes at Morgan and York , various holiday treats ( including their wonderful jams ) from The Produce Station , fresh baked Polish pastries or fresh pierogies from Copernicus , gift baskets or Avalon bakery Stollen from The People 's Food Co-op , and undoubtedly similar options from Arbor Farms .
I'm Jennifer Shikes Haines , and my blog is a2eatwrite .
Sir John Chilcot opens the inquiry as protesters demand to know who was responsible for taking Britain to war in Iraq .
Source : Press Association Press Association
Tony Blair 's government knew that prominent members of the Bush administration wanted to topple Saddam Hussein years before the invasion but initially distanced itself from the prospect knowing it would be unlawful , it was disclosed at the Iraq inquiry today .
British intelligence also dismissed claims by elements in the US administration that the Iraqi leader was linked to Osama bin Laden , it heard .
Evidence given at the opening day of the inquiry , chaired by the former top civil servant Sir John Chilcot , painted a picture of a Whitehall slowly realising the significance of George Bush 's election in November 2000 on US policy towards Iraq .
Even before Bush 's administration came to power an article written by his then national security adviser , Condoleezza Rice , warned that " nothing will change " in Iraq until Saddam was gone , Sir Peter Ricketts , a former chairman of the joint intelligence committee ( JIC ) and now the Foreign Office 's top official , told the inquiry .
" We were aware of these drumbeats from Washington and internally we discussed it .
Our policy was to stay away from that part of the spectrum , " added Sir William Patey , then head of the Middle East department at the Foreign Office .
He revealed that in late 2001 – following the 9/11 attacks on the US – he asked officials at the ministry to draw up an Iraq " options " paper , including regime change .
" We dismissed it at the time because it had no basis in law , " Patey told the inquiry .
" We quite clearly distanced ourselves in Whitehall from talk about regime change , " said Ricketts .
Up to March 2002 " there was no increased appetite among UK ministers for military action in Iraq , " he added .
Simon Webb , a former policy director at the Ministry of Defence , who also gave evidence today , described the issue of regime change in Iraq during the early days of the Bush administration as " the dog that did not bark .
It grizzled , but it did not bark " .
The exchanges on opening day of the inquiry are significant in the light of previously leaked documents which reveal that Blair told Bush in April 2002 – nearly a year before the invasion of Iraq – that he would in principle support military action " to bring about regime change " .
A month earlier , David Manning , Downing Street foreign policy adviser at the time , told Blair that he had advised Rice : " You [ Blair ] would not budge in your support for regime change but you had to manage a press , a parliament , and a public opinion which is very different than anything in the States . "
Yet in July 2002 , Lord Goldsmith , then attorney general , was still warning the government that regime change was " not a legal basis for military action " , according to leaked documents .
Pressed today by Sir Roderic Lyne , a member of the inquiry panel and a former UK ambassador to Moscow , to explain the JIC 's assessment of the threat posed by Iraq at the time , Ricketts replied that it was a " major feature on the agenda but by no means dominant " .
The Balkans , Sierra Leone – where British forces were facing down rebels – and Afghanistan , were considered a higher priority , though attempts by Saddam to get his hands on weapons of mass destruction was " a continuing threat " , he added .
Patey said Iraq did not pose " an immediate threat " .
The Iraq inquiry also heard that any lingering US sympathy for Britain 's policy of " containment " of Saddam through UN sanctions quickly evaporated after 9/11 .
The Pentagon , rather than the US state department , became the " dominant instrument " in American foreign policy .
Moreover , voices in Washington were starting to link the Iraqi leader to al - Qaida .
Ricketts said Britain had no evidence showing Iraq was " linked in any way to 9/11 " .
He added : " We did n't have any such evidence . "
Neocons in the Bush administration and the CIA claimed in the run-up to the invasion that Saddam was linked to al - Qaida , a claim dismissed at the time by MI6 .
According to previously leaked documents , Ricketts , political director at the Foreign Office at the time , described the US in 2002 as " scrambling to establish a link between Iraq and al - Qaida " , a link that was " so far frankly unconvincing " .
He told Jack Straw , then foreign secretary : " We have to be convincing that the threat is so serious / imminent that it is worth sending our troops to die for .
Regime change does not stack up .
It sounds like a grudge match between Bush and Saddam . "
Lyne questioned why Britain and the US came to such different conclusions from other countries about the dangers Iraq posed .
He asked : " With the exception of Kuwait , were the countries in the region banging on doors in London and Washington saying ' We 're very worried about Saddam Hussein , please can you do something about him ? ' "
Patey replied : " I can't say my door was being knocked on very regularly . "
One of the panel members , Lady Usha Prashar , later questioned whether official policy towards Iraq was about disarmament or regime change .
" It seems a deliberate policy of ambiguity , " she said .
" I do n't think that 's true , " replied Ricketts .
The inquiry also questioned officials about the legality and effect of no - fly zones imposed by the US and UK over northern and southern Iraq .
Gordon Brown 's spokesman said the prime minister would " of course " appear before the inquiry if he was asked , but so far he had not been .
Chuck Norris seems to have been hanging out listening to his good buddy Glenn Beck a bit much these days .
He went on Neil Cavuto 's Fox News show yesterday and regurgitated a lot Beck 's talking points about how Obama is radically transforming the country , but took them the next logical step into militia - style black - helicopter territory .
What had him all worked up was Obama 's pending trip to Copenhagen to help negotiate a global - warming treaty :
Norris : I really think he 's going over there to try to create a one world order .
And I think -- Cavuto :
Well , what 's your big worry ?
Norris :
My big worry is the fact is that we , as a nation , if we start having to be , ah , obligated to other countries .
Like -- in this conference , they 're going to try to take our money and send it to third - world countries , because we spend so much oil , and so other countries have suffered , and they want to give our money to these , uh , third world countries .
Neil , we have people here who are starving in our own country .
I -- you know , my foundation , I have families who are making nine thousand dollars a year -- the kids that I 'm teaching .
Why are n't we trying to help the poverty in our own country ?
Nevermind , of course , that we have this thing called to Aid to Families With Dependent Children and a host of other poverty - fighting programs -- aka " welfare " -- that work reasonably well in attacking poverty in the USA .
Except that funding for these programs keeps getting cut by right - wing anti-tax nutcases who think like Chuck Norris .
No , what really is bothering Chuck is that looming New World Order .
This is also why he does n't believe in global warming : " I do n't believe it for a second .
I think it 's a big con game that they 're doing . "
And if Obama indeed hands over our " sovereignty " ?
Who knows what 's going to happen .
God forbid this happens in our country .
Our country as we know it now will no longer exist , Neil , that 's the whole thing right there .
A little later , he brought up health - care reform as a signal event in the New World Order takeover :
Norris : I 'll tell you what , the thing that worries me the most is this health - care bill .
And why I 'm scared about it -- it 's not about the health care .
It 's about the provisions that are in that bill .
One , is that if this thing passes , the government will have the right to come into our home and regulate how we raise our children .
I found that in the bill .
Cavuto , to his credit , was n't buying : " I do n't believe that . "
Give it a day or two .
I bet Glenn Beck does .
Imagine three sisters .
One is very pretty and marries a top footballer ; they have no children and it is a short marriage before she leaves him for an international celebrity .
The second sister marries a clergyman and has several children ; the marriage ends after 30 years as he is moving into retirement .
The third sister never marries ; she stays at home and nurses first their mother , who has a disability , and then their father , who has Alzheimer 's , and dies without making a will .
Which of the three sisters will get the windfall , an amount sufficient to keep her in luxury for the rest of her days , when her relationship with a man comes to an end ?
And which one most needs and deserves financial support , even of the bare minimum ?
The divorce courts are still trying to put women in the position they would have been in had the marriage not ended .
The message is that getting married to a well - off man is an alternative career to one in the workforce .
If you are married to a clergyman with a tied house and little income , you will get next to nothing , and of course not even the continued occupation of the vicarage .
If your parents do not make a will in your favour , and you are over the age of majority , you might be able to make a claim under the Inheritance ( Provision for Family & Dependants )
Act 1975 , but to be eligible the claimant has to have been economically dependant on the deceased , and in the case of the carer daughter , it was more probably the other way round .
The law is of course gender neutral on the face of it .
Men too can expect to continue in the style of living to which they have been accustomed if they have the good fortune to divorce a wife who is wealthier than they are .
Guy Ritchie reportedly received about £ 50 m from Madonna , the largest ever settlement made for a man .
He was worth about £ 30 m and she £ 300 m at the time .
Here are some other examples of how maintenance is allocated on divorce .
Of course they are all well - off families , for the poor have nothing to allocate .
Beverley Charman was awarded £ 48 m after a 28 - year marriage during which she pursued no outside employment , a sum legally notable because it went far beyond what had once been the yardstick , namely the spouse 's reasonable requirements .
Mr and Mrs Miller married in 2000 and divorced after 3 years , with no children .
He was then 40 and she 35 , and he left her for another woman .
She earned £ 85 K a year and had no assets ; he had £ 17 m or so and a huge salary .
The award to her of £ 5 m was upheld all the way on appeal .
Mr and Mrs McFarlane had three children after a marriage that lasted 16 years .
She gave up her career as a solicitor to be a mother .
The court of appeal awarded her half the matrimonial assets and £ 250,000 a year for five years .
Her appeal against the time limitation of five years was successful .
In the case of White v White , the legal costs of the couple were £ 500 K to gain assets of £ 1.5 m when both their appeals were dismissed by the House of Lords .
So a clear first point to notice is that the costs of disputes may amount to as much as the assets .
This is because of the lack of certainty .
So the procedure is bad and the theory and effects that underly the awards even worse .
Maintenance law has not been thoroughly overhauled since 1857 .
It has been left behind by social developments .
Most women , even with children , now work or are expected to work ; they claim equal pay and opportunities in employment ; there is contraception to enable a family to be planned , and more women are entering higher education and the professions than men .
It is contradictory if family law assumes that a woman can and should stay at home and care for their children and be compensated for that on divorce , while society calls for women to take 50 % of top jobs .
Just under half the workforce is female , and 70 % of married women work , even mothers , although the work rate of single mothers is lower ; 40 % of marriages break down ; more women will become widows or single and have to keep themselves ; 50 % of divorces are of marriages that lasted nine years or less .
But the concept of female dependency on the male continues to permeate maintenance laws .
More than that , maintenance laws cushion and legitimise the attitudes of employers who discriminate against women , because they are aware of the " meal ticket for life " mentality .
The strongest argument in favour of maintenance is that the divorced wife will have raised children and her career has been undermined by marriage .
Given that most women work , this is a matter of choice ; childcare does not take up the whole of a long marriage ; and the wealthier the spouses the less likely that there was much to do by way of housework .
The notion of " compensation " recently put forward by judges as a basis for awards is unrealistic .
It is covering up for the fact that our divorce rate is high because in part the law has made it easy , and we are punishing men and trying to limit the welfare liability of the state by making them pay over assets and pension funds .
Perceptions of what might happen to their funds on divorce may affect men's willingness to commit ( and women's , if they have means ) .
This adds to the high cost to society of marital breakdown overall .
Regardless of the theories , some certainty about the way to split assets may be more important than total fairness , especially when considering how difficult negotiations may impact on the children 's wellbeing .
One could actually categorise divorce cases into four .
Short marriages with no children ; couples on welfare ; middle - income couples with a house and not much more ; and the wealthy .
For the poor and unemployed there can only be a token order , a reminder to the father that he has children for whom he is responsible , and that the order could be revisited if circumstances change .
For the slightly better off , there is reallocation of the house and there may be repayments of legal aid to be made .
Then there is one law for the rich and one for the poor , because the wealthy wife gets a lump sum and has no need to pursue , as the poorer may have to , the enforcement of periodical payments .
It is no wonder that England is the divorce capital of Europe and out of step with other European countries .
The notion that a wife should get half of the joint assets of a couple after even a short childless marriage has crept up on us without any parliamentary legislation to this effect – the judges have developed the law in a paternalistic and unprincipled fashion that has departed widely from parliamentary intentions .
Europeans have entirely different attitudes and laws from ours .
Most European nations could offer an attractive model for reform in this country .
What is needed is an end to discretion and the recognition of autonomy in contracts , with the aim of reducing costs and promoting negotiation in a better spirit .
Matrimonial and non-matrimonial property would have to be defined .
Premarital assets should be excluded , especially when the parties are older or have been previously married , and so should legacies and gifts .
Subject to the existence of an agreement made by the couple to the contrary , the postmarital matrimonial assets could be divided equally , but in the case of a short marriage , say three years or less , there should be no division at all , but the parties should go back to the position they were in before they married .
If there are children and the home is too small for sensible division , then it should as now be retained for the occupation of the carer , with eventual sale and division when the children reach 18 .
What of the future of maintenance ?
Certainly it should cease to be payable if the wife cohabits with another man .
Should it be awarded at all ?
If we had a divorce system based on misconduct , then it would be easy to find a rationale pinned to guilt and innocence , but that is unlikely to be the case ever again .
My extreme view , which will never hold sway , is that no maintenance should be payable unless the claimant spouse is unable to work or has the care of young children .
The primary aim of maintenance should be rehabilitative ; it should be permanent only for older women and the incapacitated who are not cared for by the state .
That is the price of easy divorce granted on a theoretical ground of irretrievable breakdown without fault .
The government has shirked responsibility for re-examining the law ; no Royal Commission , no parliamentary debate .
It is time to call for reform , not by judges struggling to cope , but by our legislators .
This is an edited extract of Ruth Deech 's Gresham College lecture .
One step up from this is BMWTF ? , the ASCII gif so crude you 'll crap your pants !
The news just goes from bad to worse for the Toronto Maple Leafs .
Not only did they lose their third in a row to start the season ( 0 - 2 - 1 ) , now they 've lost rookie winger Viktor Stalberg to a suspected concussion .
Rookie goalie Jonas Gustavsson was okay , but not great , in his first start at the Air Canada Centre , allowing two goals on 28 shots in the 2 - 1 loss to the Ottawa Senators on Tuesday night .
Stalberg left after the first period , said to be woozy , after taking a hard hit from Sens defenceman Anton Volchenkov .
Stalberg had been one of the bright spots in an otherwise dismal start to the season .
The speedy winger -- a sixth - round pick in 2006 -- won a spot on the club 's first line , a surprise out of training camp .
He got an assist in his first game .
But the Air Canada Centre has n't been kind to the Leafs since the lockout , and their losing ways at home continued .
The Senators were up 2 - 0 to start the third , and the Leafs did n't even look interested in trying to penetrate the Ottawa zone to start the final frame .
The crowd let boos rain down , and Alexei Ponikarovsky responded with a single - man rush , forcing Ottawa to take a penalty to stop him .
Then Matt Stajan scored — his third goal in three games — to give the Leafs some life .
At 5:36 , Stajan one - timed a shot past Senators netminder Pascal Leclaire , a power - play goal on a cross-ice pass .
The Battle of Ontario — a moribund shadow of its former self — was back on for a few mintues .
Mike Komisarek thought he tied it a few minutes later , but his slapshot rebounded off both posts and back out .
Gustavsson held his ground , keeping the Leafs in the game , when Ottawa found its wheels halfway through the third .
Two stops in particular stood out , with Gustavsson holding his ground and giving Ottawa shooters no room to shoot .
There was n't much by way of good news for Leaf Nation through two periods , although you could say not surrendering a goal in the first period was as good as it got .
Gustavsson stopped all eight Ottawa shots , and seemed confident in doing so .
Perhaps part of the reason the Leafs did n't get scored upon in the first period is the fact they did n't give up a power - play opportunity .
All that changed in the second period as the Leafs surrendered the first goal of the season for the third time in three games when Shean Donovan scored in a goal - mouth scramble .
Garnet Exelby made a hit at the Leaf blue line but failed to corral the puck and gave up a 2 - on - 1 that seconds later ended up behind Gustavsson .
Donovan batted the puck from mid-air , and referee Wes McCauley called it a good goal .
It went to video review , but was not overturned .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Shortly after , Luke Schenn high - sticked Milan Michalek on a breakaway , and got called for a double minor .
But the referees awarded a penalty shot and a single minor .
Michalek left the game , and Daniel Alfredsson took the shot , easily beating Gustavsson for a 2 - 0 lead .
The Leafs were outshot 13 - 5 in the second period .
Read more about :
Tutustu rotuihin
Jokainen rotu on ainutlaatuinen , ja niin ovat niiden terveydelliset tarpeetkin .
Hanki neuvoja ja tietoa sinulle sopivasta rodusta ja lemmikin vaatimasta ravitsemuksesta .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Millions of bank customers hoping to be refunded overdraft charges have been dealt a major blow by a Supreme Court judgement .
The court has overturned earlier court rulings that allowed the Office of Fair Trading to investigate the fairness of charges for unauthorised overdrafts .
At stake in the case , which has run for over two years , is an estimated £ 2.6 bn of annual income for the banks .
Campaigners said they were shocked and disappointed with the decision .
Banks welcomed the ruling , said there had been major changes to current account packages recently , and pointed out that these unplanned overdraft fees could be avoided .
Seven banks and one building society wanted the court to overturn two previous rulings that said the OFT had the power to investigate unauthorised overdraft fees .
Historic claims
Those who received payments from banks before the test case started will keep their money , because these pay - outs were made as " goodwill gestures " .
ANALYSIS
By Ian Pollock , personal finance reporter , at the Supreme Court It took Lord Phillips just a couple of minutes to deliver a profoundly important ruling for UK banks and their customers .
The Supreme Court has decided that for the past two and a half years the OFT has been barking up the wrong legal tree .
The result is that banks can continue charging high fees for customers who go overdrawn without authority to subsidise the cost of providing current accounts to other customers who stay in the black .
What now for bank charges ?
Stephanomics : Winners and losers
All new claims against banks were effectively suspended in July 2007 when the OFT and the banks agreed to stage the test case to see if the overdraft charges were legal or not .
The OFT has previously said that even if it lost , it would still try to use other powers , perhaps by instigating a full Competition Commission enquiry , to attack overdraft fees .
In explaining his ruling , the Supreme Court 's president Lord Phillips said that bank customers agreed to pay overdraft charges as part of the price of having a current account , so they fell outside the scope of the 1999 consumer contract regulations .
But Lord Phillips added that this was not the end of the matter as the OFT could still try to scrutinise bank charges under other parts of the regulations .
" This will not close the door on the OFT 's investigations and may well not resolve the myriad cases that are currently stayed [ put on hold ] in which customers have challenged the relevant charges , " he told the court .
The judge did not give any explicit guidance as to how the judicial authorities should deal with the frozen cases .
HAVE YOUR SAY
Fees are agreed by customers when they open their accounts .
If they break those terms & conditions by having insufficient funds then they should pay the price .
Bob , Wokingham Later the Judicial Communications
Office said that each case would be considered on its merits by County Court judges .
It has effectively said that people should apply to the court if they want their cases restarted , but there is no guarantee that they will succeed .
Banks might also apply to have cases thrown out .
However , it said the Supreme Court judgement was quite lengthy so it could take some time for customers and the banks to decide what to do .
The Supreme Court ruling will come as a bitter blow to the consumer organisations who have campaigned against what they considered to be unfair overdraft charges .
The Court said it would not allow an appeal by the OFT to the European Court of Justice .
' Shock '
The OFT said that it was " disappointed " with the judgement .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" The OFT will now consider the detail of this judgment before it makes a decision on whether or not to continue its investigation into unarranged overdraft charging terms , " it said in a statement .
" It will also explore with others the implications for consumers and for existing and future legislation and regulation . "
It said it would make another announcement in December .
Research by the OFT published last year found banks earned around a third of their retail revenues from unarranged overdraft charges that were " difficult to understand , not transparent , and not subject to effective consumer control " .
Marc Gander , of the Consumer Action Group , said that he was " shocked " about the Supreme Court ruling .
" This is completely unexpected .
It is a devastating blow , " he said .
Phil Jones , from the consumers ' association Which ? , said that he was " utterly outraged " by the ruling .
But Martin Lewis , of Moneysavingexpert.com , said : " This may be a setback for reclaiming but it is not the end .
The likelihood is the money is not coming back for anyone who has got claims on hold .
There is still hope here , but we have got to do a lot of reading and a lot of legal work . "
Some of these campaigners said that the OFT could explore other avenues to tackle the banks about charges , but this would require another round of litigation .
Banks ' response The British Bankers Association , which represents the banks , said it considered the decision as a " clarification of the law " rather than a " victory " .
Individuals can avoid any charge by putting their overdraft arrangements in place first
Angela Knight , BBA
" We recognise this issue has been of real concern to a large number of our customers and we are pleased that this decision now brings clarity for all parties , " it said .
" The banks will work with the regulators to ensure that the outstanding customer complaints are brought to a swift conclusion . "
Angela Knight , from the BBA , was asked whether they would continue to make unauthorised overdraft charges .
" The banks are mindful of their customers , they know the concerns of those who have paid the unauthorised overdraft fees and those who have not , " she said .
" Individuals can avoid any charge by putting their overdraft arrangements in place first . "
Asked about the case at Prime Minister 's Questions , Gordon Brown said that it was correct to examine the fairness of charges .
He said government - supported banks - Northern Rock , HBOS and RBS - had recently been asked to review their overdraft charges so that they were fairer to customers .
Sarah McCarthy Fry , Exchequer Secretary to the Treasury , said the government was " determined " to make sure the system was made fairer in future .
" Consumers , who have been waiting a number of years , will be extremely disappointed with this outcome .
" It is clear that in the past , banks were not thinking enough about their customers .
That needs to change for the future .
" The government will work with the OFT and Financial Services Authority to reach a new framework for fairer bank charges going forward . "
Shadow Financial Secretary Mark Hoban said : " This is a blow for consumers .
The OFT have said they will explore the use of other powers to investigate and we support that .
We have already called for a competition review of banks - it must include consumer banking charges .
" In the meantime this judgement simply perpetuates the uncertainty over bank charges which is damaging for the entire industry . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
New York Mets starting pitcher Livan Hernandez follows through on a pitch in the ninth inning as he pitched the first complete game at CitiField and beat the Washington Nationals in their MLB National League baseball game in New York May 26 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Ray Stubblebine
( Reuters ) -
The owners of the New York Mets baseball team made about $ 48 million in dealings with swindler Bernard Madoff , court documents showed .
The Mets Limited Partnership , which is connected to the Wilpon family , led by Mets owner Fred Wilpon , deposited $ 522.8 million in two accounts with Madoff and withdrew $ 570.6 million , according to a Monday filing by court - appointed trustee Irving Picard .
The Mets reiterated in a statement that the investments with Madoff have “ no effect on the operations of the New York Mets . ”
Earlier this year , Erin Arvedlund , author of “ Too Good to Be True ” , a book on Madoff , said the Wilpon family would be forced to sell the Mets due to huge losses suffered in the Madoff swindle .
The Mets had said Arvedlund has no knowledge of the team or its finances and repeated previous statements that the team was not for sale .
Wilpon bought a stake in the Mets in 1980 , raised his share to 50 percent six years later , and purchased the rest with his family and others in 2002 .
The case is In re Securities Investor Protection Corp. vs. Bernard L. Madoff Investment Securities LLC , U.S. Bankruptcy Court , Southern District of New York , No. 08-01789 .
Tannen Maury / European Pressphoto Agency
People gathering in downtown Chicago reacted to the announcement that the city had been eliminated from contention for the 2016 Olympics .
Release Notes
Inkscape 1.0.1 is mainly a stability and bugfix release .
It also comes with a few new features that had n't been stable enough to make it into Inkscape 1.0 .
New Features
Color - managed PDF export using Scribus
An experimental Scribus PDF export extension has been added .
It is available as one of the many export formats in the ' Save as ' and ' Save a Copy ' dialogs .
To be able to get a correct and color - managed CMYK PDF file with text converted to curves that corresponds to your drawing in Inkscape , you must :
have Scribus 1.5.x installed ( the Scribus executable must not be called scribus - ng )
have enabled color management for your document
have selected one color profile to use for the colors in your file
assign all colors in the document with the color managed color selector in the Fill and Stroke dialog
not use filters in your drawing ( this includes blur )
not use any transparency if you 're exporting to PDF / X - 1 , PDF / X - 3 or PDF 1.3
not include any bitmap images
not use markers
not use any other SVG features that are not supported by Scribus
The page size corresponds to the document size in Scribus .
When you add a bleed , an area of the given width outside the page area in Inkscape will be included in the PDF file .
Please test the extension , and always carefully check the result before you send it to a print service .
You can leave your feedback about what works / does n't work at https://inkscape.org/inbox.
Selectors and CSS dialog unhidden
Selectors and CSS dialog usage example
The Selectors and CSS dialog that had been hidden and labelled as ' experimental ' in Inkscape 1.0 is now available from the Object menu .
The dialog makes it possible to add , remove and edit CSS properties that are saved within an element 's ' style ' attribute , as well as styling objects in the document using CSS classes and other CSS selectors .
These additional styles are written into a style tag in the SVG document .
It can also be used to select all objects that belong to a specific class , so users will again be able to create collections of objects that are independend of the document structure ( e.g. they belong to different groups in the drawing ) .
This dialog replaces the Selection Sets dialog that had been removed for Inkscape 1.0 .
List all Colors in a document
A new extension Color > List
All lists all colors used in a document and indicates how often they are used ( Commit )
Interpolate gradients
The Interpolate extension now also interpolates gradients in fills and in strokes ( before , it could only interpolate flat colors ) and named colors ( Commit ) .
New preferences option to limit screen tearing while editing
In Edit > Preferences >
Rendering : Redraw while editing , users can choose between the two options ' Responsive ' and ' Conservative ' to determine how quickly the canvas display is updated while editing objects .
The default value is ' Responsive ' , which gives rendering a higher priority than it had previously and makes editing objects feel less sluggish ( Commit )
Other small improvements
Users can now define an ID for QR code groups rendered by the Render Barcode extension ( Commit )
( Commit ) Extensions now understand what to do with the CSS unit Q ( 1/40th of a cm ) ( Commit )
Crash fixes
Fix a crash …
… when applying Offset LPE to groups ( Commit )
… when closing Inkscape while the filter editor dialog is open ( Commit )
… with some cursor themes that do not contain an upward arrow cursor ( Commit )
… when the file to open does not exist ( Commit )
… when resizing a document with a grid , when the document properties dialog is closed ( Commit )
… when opening a malformed pdf where the selected page does not exist ( Commit )
… when creating a clone of / opening a file with a symbol from an object with a CSS style ( Commit )
… when exporting an object identified by its ID to SVG from the command line ( Commit )
… when using the dropper tool a lot ( Commit )
… when trying to open Inkscape 's stock filters file with the Inkscape flatpak version ( Commit )
Other Bug fixes
Packaging
AppImage now comes with Python 3.8 ( Commit )
now comes with ( Commit ) Snap now uses the system 's font cache and thus finds all installed fonts ( Commit ) .
Additionally , it can now make use of extensions with custom user interfaces ( e.g. InkStitch ) ( Commit )
Canvas
The zoom correction factor no longer depends on the display unit , so correction works properly for documents that are not in mm ( Commit )
Dialogs
The document properties dialog can now be resized even if one is using display scaling on a hidpi screen on Linux
Rendering
Zooming no longer causes artifacts when there is a path with an arc segment with a radius of 0 in the drawing ( Commit )
3D - box tool : Keyboard shortcuts for changing angles in the 3D - box tool were adjusted to work as documented , even with the Y - axis inverted ( Commit )
Circle tool : Duplicated circles are now closed properly ( Commit )
Eraser tool :
The mass value field is no longer greyed out and can be used ( Commit )
Gradient tool : Simplifying selected gradient stops with Ctrl+L works now ( Commit )
Node tool : Path >
Reverse now works on subpaths again ( Commit )
Pencil tool :
The ' flatten simplify ( LPE ) ' button now only shows up when it can be used ( Commit )
Selector tool : Keyboard shortcuts with
Alt key for rotating objects also work as documented again with the Y - axis inversion ( Commit ) Objects no longer seemingly jump or scale up when moving multiple of them with snapping turned on ( Commit ) Default snap delay was set to 0 so snapping will work more precisely ( Commit )
Text tool :
Line height does n't change spontaneously when switching tools while having text selected ( Commit )
Import / Export / Save
when saving as PDF / PS / EPS + LaTeX , % signs are now properly escaped ( Commit )
, signs are now properly escaped ( Commit ) the dpi value for exporting to PNG can be specified as a decimal number again
can be specified as a decimal number again attribute order is no longer reversed when saving as SVG , so comparing two SVG files is easier now ( Commit )
Masking / Clipping
When releasing or undoing a mask , objects will no longer become unselectable and will use their own bounding box ( Commit )
Live Path Effects
Clone Original LPE usage example
LPE selection dialog looks better now with some desktop themes ( Commit )
looks better now with some desktop themes ( Commit ) Clone original LPE items now get the cloned or linked item 's style by default instead of starting with a black fill .
A regression that made it impossible to use text elements as source was fixed .
Transforms ( moving , stretching , shearing ) are handled correctly now .
( Commit )
items now get the cloned or linked item 's style by default instead of starting with a black fill .
A regression that made it impossible to use text elements as source was fixed .
Transforms ( moving , stretching , shearing ) are handled correctly now .
( Commit )
Fill between many : option ' fuse coincident points ' has been replaced with good defaults ( Commit )
: option ' fuse coincident points ' has been replaced with good defaults ( Commit ) The Knot LPE allows to switch the direction of self - crossings ( Commit )
allows to switch the direction of self - crossings ( Commit ) When using the PowerStroke LPE with the join type ' extrapolated arc ' , the corners no longer have a dent , but are smooth again ( Commit )
with the join type ' extrapolated arc ' , the corners no longer have a dent , but are smooth again ( Commit ) Roughen LPE now works more reliably ( Commit )
now works more reliably ( Commit ) Inkscape no longer becomes unresponsive when selecting an object that is used for the Pattern - Along - Path LPE ( Commit )
Performance
Inkscape no longer becomes unresponsive when opening a document with lots of style tags in it ( Commit )
Extensions
General
Relative paths to linked images no longer break when using an extension ( Commit )
no longer break when using an extension ( Commit ) Path elements are now transformed correctly when applying transformation matrices to them ( Commit )
when applying transformation matrices to them ( Commit ) Text element coordinates are now interpreted correctly , even if they use a different unit than px ( Commit ) and their ( guessed ) bounding boxes now consider transforms
are now interpreted correctly , even if they use a different unit than px ( Commit ) and their ( guessed ) bounding boxes now consider transforms Extensions that adjust colors now work on groups again ( Commit )
Specific extensions
Plot extension and HPGL Output extension no longer have an option to automatically convert objects to path , this is now always done ( except for texts ) ( Commit ) .
and no longer have an option to automatically convert objects to path , this is now always done ( except for texts ) ( Commit ) .
When switching plotter pens using the HPGL output extension , the plotter no longer makes a dot with the new pen at the end of the old pen 's line ( Commit ) .
The extension now works with multiple pens ( marked by their layer name in Inkscape ) again ( Commit ) .
, the plotter no longer makes a dot with the new pen at the end of the old pen 's line ( Commit ) .
The extension now works with multiple pens ( marked by their layer name in Inkscape ) again ( Commit ) .
The Interpolate extension now works with the tutorial files again ( Commit ) .
now works with the tutorial files again ( Commit ) .
The extension Render > Barcode >
Datamatrix now renders 64 x 64 datamatrices correctly ( Commit ) .
now renders 64 x 64 datamatrices correctly ( Commit ) .
Rendering a 3D Polyhedron no longer gives deprecation warnings ( Commit ) .
no longer gives deprecation warnings ( Commit ) .
The Measure Path extension now also works when the Help tab is open when clicking on Apply ( Commit
now also works when the Help tab is open when clicking on Apply ( Commit Color > Randomize extension now works correctly for the Hue and Lightness parameters
now works correctly for the Hue and Lightness parameters
The unnecessary Live preview was removed from the Interactive Mockup extension ( Commit )
( Commit ) The Perspective / Envelope extension now considers transforms ( Commit ) .
extension now considers transforms ( Commit ) .
The Hershey text extension fonts now contain letters needed to plot in Danish ( Commit ) .
Additionally , the extension can now better handle line heights ( Commit ) .
Extension failure fixes
Fix a failure …
… when exporting a document with unknown SVG tags to HTML5 canvas ( Commit )
( Commit ) … when trying to access a document node with an unknown tag ( Commit )
( Commit ) … when trying to import a dxf file with a circle / ellipse ( Commit )
with a circle / ellipse ( Commit ) … when using the Perfect Bound Cover extension ( Commit )
( Commit ) … when using the Mesh Gradient to Path extension ( Commit )
( Commit ) … when using the JessyInk extension ( Commit ) .
extension ( Commit ) . … when using the DPI Switcher extension ( Commit )
Extension API changes / Improvements for Extension Developers
Shape objects now have an is_visible method ( Commit )
now have an method ( Commit ) Documentation extended and improved ( Commit , [ ] https://gitlab.com/inkscape/extensions/-/commit/9b21776f7c3d746911dac7305b8e1f2a08e38b70
Commit ] , Commit , Commit )
extended and improved ( Commit , [ ] https://gitlab.com/inkscape/extensions/-/commit/9b21776f7c3d746911dac7305b8e1f2a08e38b70
Commit ] , Commit , Commit )
Use an underscore in front of the name attribute value to mark things that do not need to be available in the .py file ( Commit )
attribute value to mark things that do not need to be available in the .py file ( Commit ) Shape coordinates are now reported in user units ( Commit )
are now reported in user units ( Commit ) inkex.addNS ( ) is no longer required , attributes like inkscape : groupmode can now be used directly , too ( Commit )
is no longer required , attributes like can now be used directly , too ( Commit ) added method getElementByName ( ) to get an object by Inkscape label ( Commit )
to ( Commit ) added method getElements ByClass ( ) to get objects by their class name ( Commit )
to ( Commit ) added method to create Star shapes ( Commit )
Upcoming deprecations ( 1.1 will issue a warning , while both the old and the new version will just work in 1.0.1 ) :
Filters
Changes to filter region handles are now saved to the file ( Commit )
Templates
The same file can now be used to create multiple template files ( Commit )
Markers
Custom markers are now no longer cut off when viewed in a web browser ( Commit )
Color management
When using color management , the color selector works again ( Commit )
Command line
the pre-1.0 options -- export - [ type ] = , -- file= and -- without - gui= now have a fallback and print out a warning ( Commit )
, and now have a fallback and print out a warning ( Commit ) when converting a pdf to svg on the command line , the poppler text import method no longer changes randomly ( Commit )
on the command line , the poppler text import method no longer changes randomly ( Commit ) opening files with Windows drive paths ( with colons ) works again ( Commit )
( with colons ) works again ( Commit ) background color is now exported to PNG when using -- export - background even when -- export - background - opacity is not set explicitly ( Commit )
is now exported to PNG when using even when is not set explicitly ( Commit ) the tab key can now be used to automatically complete Inkscape command line commands in a Linux terminal ( bash completion ) ( Commit )
in command line arguments , " 0 " and " 1 " had been inverted .
They now mean the correct thing ( 0 = False , 1 = True ) ( Commit )
Even more bug fixes
There were even more issues fixed than those listed above , but these probably only affect a small portion of users , or are relevant for development and packaging only .
For a complete list , visit our GitLab issue tracker and see the commit history ( all changes since DATE until release date ) .
Translations
The following user interface translations received updates :
Catalan
Chinese
Croatian
Czech
Dutch
German
Hungarian
Icelandic
Italian
Japanese
Russian
Spanish
Ukrainian
The following documentation translations received updates :
Catalan
Croatian
French
German
Contributing to translations
Want to help with translations ?
Learn how to help !
Documentation
A few keyboard shortcuts and examples were fixed / updated
Contributing to documentation and documentation translation
Contributions to the documentation translations , as well as improvements to its contents , are welcome at the inkscape - docs repository .
Known issues
By Ian Dunt
Alan Johnson found himself under fire on two separate fronts today as he answered questions about Gary McKinnon 's extradition while more government advisors resigned in the wake of Professor David Nutt 's sacking .
The three further resignations from the Advisory Council on the Misuse of Drugs ( ACMD ) came after a private meeting held by the group today .
Mr Johnson attended the meeting but was unable to prevent the resignations .
Meanwhile , the home secretary faced serious questions about his ability to prevent the extradition of Mr McKinnon , a UFO enthusiast who hacked into Pentagon computers , to the US when he is questioned by the home affairs select committee .
Mr Johnson had previously insisted he could not legally stop the move , before offering Mr McKinnon an eleventh hour reprieve to assess new medical evidence .
The move raised questions about the truth of his initial statements .
During the meeting he was forced to deny that Britain 's extradition reputation had gone to " hell in a hand basket " .
Earlier today , questions were still being raised about his decision to sack Prof Nutt , his chief advisor on the misuse of drugs , following an article and a presentation which included arguments for the reclassification of ecstasy .
This morning , Liberal Democrat science spokesman Dr Evan Harris told politics.co.uk : " The home secretary does not appear to accept what even the science minister , Lord Drayson , has acknowledged .
" Ministers need to abide by a code of practice when it comes to dealing with unpaid independent scientific advisers . "
Dr Harris is spearheading much of the criticism of Mr Johnson , after he admitted that the Home Office had been aware of the article Prof Nutt had written , despite apparent claims to the contrary in response to an urgent question in the Commons last week .
Mr Johnson responded over the weekend , insisting he had not misled the House .
This document is likely to add momentum in the United States and elsewhere to efforts to crack down on Congo ’s illicit mineral trade .
Congolese officials estimate that 80,000 pounds of gold are smuggled out of the country each year , which at today ’s high gold prices is worth more than $ 1 billion , much of it going straight into rebel hands .
Image A gold mine in northeastern Congo .
A United Nations report says rebels are financed through the smuggling of Congo ’s minerals .
Credit ... Lionel Healing / Agence France - Presse — Getty Images
Already the Enough Project , an antigenocide group based in Washington , and Eve Ensler , an American playwright who has been supporting Congolese women ’s projects for years through the organization V - Day , among others , have been urging Congress to pass legislation that would bar American companies from buying Congo ’s “ conflict minerals , ” which include gold , tin and coltan , a metallic ore used in many cellphones and laptop computers .
Several bills have been proposed .
This effort is akin to a successful movement in the early years of this decade to crack down on blood diamonds , the term given to the gems unearthed in the rebel - held areas of West Africa that fueled gruesome civil wars in Liberia , Angola and Sierra Leone .
It is a bleak picture of Congo that the report paints .
Despite the billions of dollars the United Nations has spent on peacekeeping , countless so - called peace treaties and pledges of regional cooperation , the eastern part of the country remains in the grip of incredibly violent criminals , some of them high - ranking officers in the national army .
Nothing seems to be working .
Recent military operations to sweep out the rebels have mostly failed and instead led to widespread massacres and human rights abuses .
The rebels , meanwhile , continue to seize mines and use their networks in Europe and the United States to raise cash .
Timothy Raeymaekers , a professor at the University of Ghent in Belgium , who specializes in studying Congo , said the report contained “ some substantial new information . ”
“ It ’s high time the U.N. gets serious about this criminal connection , ” he said .
The United Nations Security Council is expected to discuss the Congo report this week .
But the United Nations is in a difficult position .
It recently cut ties to Congolese Army units accused of widespread human rights abuses .
But at the United Nations headquarters in New York , diplomats are trying to delay the release of the new report because “ there is a lot in there that makes us look complicit , ” admitted one United Nations official , who asked for anonymity because he said he could be punished for speaking candidly .
Living Without Limits
The starting point of great success and achievement has always been the same .
It is for you to dream big dreams .
There is nothing more important , and nothing that works faster than for you to cast off your own limitations than for you to begin dreaming and fantasizing about the wonderful things that you can become , have , and do .
As a wise man once said , “ You must dream big dreams , for only big dreams have the power to move the minds of men . ”
When you begin to dream big dreams , your levels of self - esteem and self - confidence will go up immediately .
You will feel more powerful about yourself and your ability to deal with what happens to you .
The reason so many people accomplish so little is because they never allow themselves to lean back and imagine the kind of life that is possible for them .
Theory of Constraints
A powerful principle that you can use to dream big dreams and live without limits is contained in what Elihu Goldratt calls the “ Theory of Constraints . ”
This is one of the greatest breakthroughs in modern thinking .
What Goldratt has found is that in every process , in accomplishing any goal , there is a bottleneck or choke cord that serves as a constraint on the process .
This constraint then sets the speed at which you achieve any particular goal .
What Goldratt found is that if you concentrate all of your creative energies and attention on alleviating the constraint , you can speed up the process faster than by doing any other single thing .
Let me give you an example .
Let us say that you want to double your income .
What is the critical constraint or the limiting factor that holds you back ?
Well , you know that your income is a direct reward for the quality and quantity of the services you render to your world .
Whatever field you are in , if you want to double your income , you simply have to double the quality and quantity of what you do for that income .
Or you have to change activities and occupations so that what you are doing is worth twice as much .
But you must always ask yourself , “ What is the critical constraint that holds me back or sets the speed on how fast I double my income ? ”
The 80/20 Rule in Action
A friend of mine is one of the highest - paid commission professionals in the United States .
One of his goals was to double his income over the next three to five years .
He applied the 80/20 rule to his client base .
He found that 20 percent of his clients contributed 80 percent of his profits , and that the amount of time spent on a high - profit client was pretty much the same amount of time spent on a low - profit client .
In other words , he was dividing his time equally over the number of tasks that he does while only 20 percent of those items contributes 80 percent of his results .
So he drew a line on his list of clients under those who represented the top 20 percent and then called in other professionals in his industry and very carefully , politely , and strategically handed off the 80 percent of his clients that only represented 20 percent of his business .
He then put together a profile of his top clients and began looking in the marketplace exclusively for the type of client who fit the profile ; in other words , one who could become a major profit contributor to his organization , and whom he in turn could serve with the level of excellence that his clients were accustomed to .
And instead of doubling his income in three to five years , he doubled it in the first year !
What Are Your Constraints ?
So what is holding you back ?
Is it your level of education or skill ?
Is it your current occupation or job ?
Is it your current environment or level of health ?
Is it the situations that you are in today ?
What is setting the speed for you achieving your goal ?
Remember , whatever you have learned , you can unlearn .
Whatever situation you have gotten yourself into , you can probably get yourself out of .
If your real goal is to dream big dreams and to live without limits , you can set this as your standard and compare everything that you do against it .
Three Keys
The three keys to living without limits have always been the same .
They are clarity , competence , and concentration .
# 1 : Clarity
Clarity means that you are absolutely clear about who you are , what you want , and where you ’re going .
You write down your goals and you make plans to accomplish them .
You set very careful priorities and you do something every day to move you toward your goals .
And the more progress you make toward accomplishing things that are important to you , the greater self - confidence and self - belief you have , and the more convinced you become that there are no limits on what you can achieve .
# 2 : Competence
Competence means that you begin to become very , very good in the key result areas of your chosen field .
You apply the 80/20 rule to everything you do and you focus on becoming outstanding in the 20 percent of tasks that contribute to 80 percent of your results .
You dedicate yourself to continuous learning .
You never stop growing .
You realize that excellence is a moving target .
And you commit yourself to doing something every day that enables you to become better and better at doing the most important things in your field .
# 3 : Concentration
Concentration is having the self - discipline to force yourself to concentrate single - mindedly on one thing , the most important thing , and stay with it until it ’s complete .
The two key words for success have always been focus and concentration .
Focus is knowing exactly what you want to be , have , and do .
Concentration is persevering , without diversion or distraction , in a straight line toward accomplishing the things that can make a real difference in your life .
When you allow yourself to begin to dream big dreams , creatively abandon the activities that are taking up too much of your time , and focus your inward energies on alleviating your main constraints , you start to feel an incredible sense of power and confidence .
As you focus on doing what you love to do and becoming excellent in those few areas that can make a real difference in your life , you begin to think in terms of possibilities rather than impossibilities , and you move ever closer toward the realization of your full potential .
« Previous Post
Brutal Business Questions You Should Be Asking Yourself — But Are You ?
Next Post »
Analyzing Your Competition
Kyle Windorski , a 21 - year - old college student in the Army Reserve , was walking home Tuesday morning on the east side of Milwaukee when four men with stocking caps over their faces forced him into an alley at gunpoint and demanded cash .
In an account confirmed by the Milwaukee police , Mr. Windorski said the men ordered him to the ground on his stomach , and he was helpless as they fished his wallet out of a pocket .
They counted his $ 16 and by their raging tone , he could tell they were not happy .
The muggers then turned their attention to Mr. Windorski ’s various identification cards : a driver ’s license , a University of Wisconsin student card and a military ID .
Suddenly there was confusion , and silence .
“ We ’ve got to give this stuff back , ” the ringleader snapped .
“ This guy ’s military ! ”
And with that , Mr. Windorski said he got a heartfelt thank you from the rather patriotic band of thieves , and a fist - bump for his service to the country .
Two Secret Service employees driving along the Suitland Parkway struck and killed a man early Wednesday morning in the vehicles the agency uses to transport Vice President Joe Biden Joe Biden Five takeaways from Trump - Biden debate clash The Memo : Debate or debacle ?
Democrats rip Trump for not condemning white supremacists , Proud Boys at debate MORE .
Biden was not in either the armored SUV or limousine at the time of the crash .
The vehicles had just been flown back to the D.C. - area from Fort Lewis , Wash. , where they had driven the vice president before and after he spoke to a crowd of troops for Veterans Day .
ADVERTISEMENT
Sgt. David Schlosser , spokesman for the U.S. Park Police , said the crash happened at 2:27 a.m. on Wednesday in Temple Hills , Md. , at the intersection of Suitland Parkway and Naylor Road .
The victim , whose name was not released because his next of kin had not been notified , was pronounced dead at Prince George ’s Hospital on Wednesday morning , Schlosser said .
The circumstances of the accident , such as the color of the traffic light and the speed of the vehicles , were unclear but the Park Police was investigating .
Secret Service spokesman Malcolm Wiley said the employees involved in the accident remained at the scene and administered first aid to the man until an ambulance arrived to take him to the hospital .
As is customary Secret Service policy , the armored vehicles were flown to Fort Lewis on a military aircraft for the Tuesday event .
They returned to the Air Force base in Maryland on Wednesday morning and the Secret Service employees were driving west along the Suitland Parkway to return them to a secure storage facility in D.C. , which Wiley declined to name .
Schlosser said Park Police investigators and a crash reconstruction team were not treating the incident any differently because the vehicles belonged to Biden ’s security detail .
He said the investigation would take at least a week to complete and the vehicles would remain in a secure police lot until it was finished .
The sections of the Suitland Parkway and Naylor Road where the accident took place were closed to traffic for several hours Wednesday morning while the reconstruction team investigated the accident .
By 7 a.m. all lanes were open to traffic again .
Dear Family ,
This year I am thankful to have you as my family rather than a normal American family .
I say that because Sarah Palin is fond of talking about her family being a normal American family .
Last time I checked everyone in my family knows where Africa is on a globe .
Everyone goes to college after high school .
We ’ve had no teen pregnancies as of yet and no one has appeared in Playgirl .
If the Palins are a normal American family , I guess my bunch of anti-American socialists are fine by me .
But we have our own issues .
For instance , some of us are Aggies and others are Longhorns .
Which makes for interesting choices for some of you .
If a football game is more important than Thanksgiving , then consider this my last will and testament :
When I die , it ’s all going to charity .
Thanksgiving dinner will be moved to Friday after all of you have returned from your important tailgating party .
And now that I have made that little sacrifice , I am sure you will all work extra hard to comply with a few rules .
Cloe .
I am begging you honey .
None of that Jello crap .
No one eats it and the garbage stinks for a week after I throw it out .
You and Jello are like Palin and McCain .
How many times before you learn no one wants seconds much less firsts .
Jennifer .
Your children are cute .
We all can agree on that .
Your husband ’s video camera capturing every runny nose and bowel movement– not so much .
Keep this up honey and you ’ll have one posing for Playgirl before you know it .
It ’s just not natural to be that comfortable in front of a camera .
Ten minutes of video when you first arrive and then the camera goes back into the camera bag .
Trudy .
If your brother and sister want to come , they can be on time like everyone else .
If they are late again this year , they can eat what the dogs do n’t finish .
Rhonda .
It ’s my oven and once again I ’ll be using it right up until mealtime .
If you ca n’t bring something that does n’t require heating , then do n’t bring anything at all .
Mary .
Your kid ’s dirty shoes and my clean sofa have never met .
Let ’s keep it that way .
If you are a meat - eater , try a vegetable for your health .
If you are a vegetarian , try the stuffing for the bacon .
Either way , you ’ll be cured of what ails you .
If I see one grandchild doing that texting stuff , there will be no pie for dessert .
If I see one parent checking email … scratch that – new rule .
Leave your cell phone in your car .
They used to be called mobile phones for a reason .
Now - a - days the only thing mobile about your phone is your thumbs .
Trust me .
Skinny thumbs and a fat ass are not a good look .
Jonathan .
How a Republican ended up in this family is beyond me , but we love you all the same .
That said , Reagan is dead darling .
Get over it .
I cooked the meal .
Your grandfather paid for it .
You can clean the kitchen and we ’ll call it even .
Honestly , if you insist on bringing anything , bring some butter .
I go through about 20 sticks to get this meal on the table and I might as well start stocking up for Christmas now .
Marshall .
I am sure you believe that your children sing beautifully .
Do n’t put me in a situation where I have to make you question your beliefs .
Grandpa Harold says if the Longhorns win , the bar is open .
If they lose , the party is BYOB .
Well that about covers it .
I ’m almost 84 .
I know what I like and what I do n’t like .
Humor me and we ’ll all have a good time .
Unlike Robert Bryd , when I no longer know which side my turkey is basted on , I will step down and let someone else take over the holiday preparation .
Until then , come and enjoy the meal and the company .
To all my new friends out there , I say this .
Life is short .
Do n’t squabble over the little things like Jello and Sarah Palin .
If we are going to fight , let ’s fight about the things that matter like world peace and apple pie .
Happy Thanksgiving everyone .
Harold is doing fine .
Thanks for asking .
I mean it .
In the last three decades , childhood obesity in the United States has become a massive public - health problem .
According to the Centers for Disease Control , between 1980 and 2006 the percentage of obese teenagers in the United States grew from 5 to 18 , while the percentage of pre-teens suffering from obesity increased from 7 to 17 .
Such children often become overweight adults , leaving themselves especially susceptible to heart illness , Type 2 diabetes , strokes , and some forms of cancer .
These weight problems do not simply stem from a lack of willpower , according to Dr. Tenley Albright , director of MIT ’s Collaborative Initiatives program , which uses systems analysis to study broad social issues .
Albright is a Harvard - educated surgeon who , two years ago , helped organize an interdisciplinary group of about 10 researchers , from MIT and Columbia University , specifically to analyze the causes of child obesity .
Aided by a grant from the United Health Foundation , the team scoured medical and economic data , and consulted with medical researchers , economists and policy - makers , before releasing an initial October 2008 report .
The group ’s conclusion : Obesity is widespread due to our national - scale system of food production and distribution , which surrounds children — especially lower - income children — with high - calorie products .
“ The problem lies not just in a child , but the whole environment around a child , ” says Albright .
“ To end obesity , we need to produce healthier , more accessible , more affordable food . ”
As Albright notes , 90 percent of American food is processed — according to the United States Department of Agriculture — meaning it has been mixed with ingredients , often acting as preservatives , that can make food fattening .
Now , in another report finished this October after meetings with food - industry leaders , the MIT and Columbia researchers propose a solution : America should increase its regional food consumption .
Each metropolitan area , the researchers say , should obtain most of its nutrition from its own “ foodshed , ” a term akin to “ watershed ” meaning the area that naturally supplies its kitchens .
Moreover , in a novel suggestion , the MIT and Columbia team says these local efforts should form a larger “ Integrated Regional Foodshed ” system , intended to lower the price and caloric content of food by lowering distances food must travel , from the farm to the dinner table .
Welcome to the food terminal
Only 1 to 2 percent of all food consumed in the United States today is locally produced .
But the MIT and Columbia team , which includes urban planners and architects , believes widespread adoption of some modest projects could change that , by increasing regional food production and distribution .
To help production , the group advocates widespread adoption of small - scale innovations such as “ lawn to farm ” conversions in urban and suburban areas , and the “ 10 x 10 project , ” an effort to develop vegetable plots in schools and community centers .
Lawns require more equipment , labor and fuel than industrial farming nationwide , yet produce no goods .
But many vegetables , including lettuce , cucumbers and peppers , can be grown efficiently in small plots .
“ A lot of those projects could be started immediately , ” says Michael Conard , assistant director of Columbia ’s Urban Design Lab , who notes that during World War Two , small “ victory gardens ” produced more than 40 percent of America ’s fruits and vegetables .
To better distribute local food , some cities , including Oakland , Calif. , Philadelphia , and Newark , N.J. , give grants and tax credits to help small markets sell fresh produce .
But the architects and designers in the MIT / Columbia group suggest entrepreneurs or government should invest in a new concept : “ food terminals , ” retail developments combining grocery stores with greenhouses , farmers ’ markets , restaurants , and even education centers as magnets for city residents who otherwise lack access to fresh produce .
“ These would be multi- faceted places where people could buy food , learn about it , and get health information , ” says Kenneth Kaplan , an architect and associate director of MIT ’s Collaborative Initiatives project .
“ This is an urban planning challenge because the large supermarkets tend to sit out on the periphery of cities .
In the areas where there is a deficit in healthy food , the infrastructure is simply not there . ”
Retailing could also occur through low - cost “ mobile food markets ” : buses retrofitted to sell produce .
Since not all regions grow the same produce , the researchers allow that many goods would still be shipped across regions .
“ We ’re not saying people in New England should n’t eat pineapple , ” says Eleanor Carlough , program director of the Collaborative Initiatives .
“ But the apples grown in New England should stay there , if possible . ”
The proposal has received some favorable reactions so far .
In an op - ed in The New York Times in September , food writer Michael Pollan hailed the MIT / Columbia project , and suggested the foodshed concept “ could be the key to improving the American diet . ”
Saving on health care
Building regional foodsheds , however , will be a long - term process .
The crux of the problem is how to make food both cheap and healthy .
As multiple economic studies show , the price of healthy food has risen more quickly than the price of unhealthy food in recent decades .
And as a 2004 study from the American Journal of Clinical Nutrition found , $ 1 could buy 1,200 calories of potato chips and 875 calories of soda , but only 250 calories of vegetables and 170 calories of fresh fruit .
“ Business certainly is n’t altruistic by nature , and you ’re not going to create a change unless you can show how people can make money , ” Carlough acknowledges .
Moreover , lifestyle changes have altered the way Americans eat .
The USDA estimates that a family of four , with two kids between 6 and 11 years old , can maintain a healthy diet for roughly $ 700 to $ 1,050 per month , or $ 23 to $ 35 per day .
That is based on market - bought food prepared at home , however .
As the USDA also notes , money spent on food away from home increased about 17 - fold in the United States from 1960 to 2005 ; among other things , people are consuming more high - fat “ convenience ” foods , as the MIT and Columbia researchers call them , which are more widely available in all kinds of stores than ever before .
However , the researchers claim , an increasingly regional system of making and selling healthy foods will lower the cost of those goods , by reducing things like transportation costs .
A University of Iowa study shows that fruits and vegetables grown locally travel an average of 56 miles from farm to table , as opposed to an average of 1,494 miles for produce grown in other regions .
In a new phase of their work , the researchers aim to examine these economic factors more closely .
Moreover , the researchers assert , society as a whole pays for our national - scale food economy in ways that go beyond the price of food .
Another Iowa study suggests that food production incurs additional costs of $ 6 billion to $ 16 billion when factors such as energy use and health care are included .
As Albright sees it , the effort to produce healthier foods “ fits right in with the health - care reform effort right now because chronic diseases are so costly for the nation . ”
America currently spends $ 14 billion annually treating childhood obesity , and $ 147 billion treating all forms of obesity .
Pollan , for his part , contends in the same Times piece that expanding health - care coverage would lead insurers to realize they “ have a powerful interest in reducing rates of obesity and chronic diseases linked to weight . ”
The MIT researchers recognize it will take a long - term effort to change the way America eats .
For now , they say , it is important to show that alternatives exist .
“ People have n’t focused on our food system yet because it ’s big , it ’s political , and it ’s complex , ” says Carlough .
“ But it is a critical issue that needs to be addressed . ”
Apparently this woman was woken up by a barking dog , and exchanged some words with the owner of the dog .
When she realized she was being filmed , she went after the camera man .
China ’s massive infrastructure rollout has been hailed by many as brilliant .
Helping its case is the inevitable comparison to America ’s dismal emergency spending , the majority of which is being spent propping up black hole zombie - banks .
China , meanwhile , is pouring resources into projects some think could catapult them into superpower status .
It will take decades if it works .
And there are plenty of skeptics of China ’s infrastructure - based recovery plan .
There is also a growing chorus of China bears warning of a bubble in equities and real estate .
The Good
It ’s hard to ignore some of the projects going on in China .
One of the more impressive is a $ 200 b high - speed rail network .
Efficient public transportation is a no- brainer for China .
Combine rising energy costs with 1.3 billion citizens in need of transportation , and you have a socialist ’s dream - project .
If well - executed , it will provide superior transportation options and a lower cost of living for hundreds of millions .
The alternative , a highway - based system , is not feasible .
Currently only 3 % of Chinese own a car .
Boosting that number to anywhere close to America ’s 44 % would be disastrous .
Energy prices and pollution would skyrocket .
Here ’s a map of the rail project , scheduled to be complete within 10 years :
U.S. legislators have made noises about a high - speed rail plan of their own , but only $ 8b of a $ 787 b package was earmarked for it .
I suppose projects like tunnels - for - turtles need funding too .
AIG vs. Rail
I ca n’t resist noting that America has spent nearly the same amount bailing out AIG ( $ 170b ) , as China will on this huge rail project .
America ’s $ 170 b “ investment ” in AIG allowed us to dodge some of the pain that would have resulted if ( god forbid ) banks were treated like real businesses , and forced to eat losses on deals with insolvent counterparties .
It also allowed bonuses to keep flowing on Wall Street , and bought some breathing room for near - death firms .
The moral - hazard implications are immeasurable .
It ’s safe to say that our economy will never see its true potential with shenanigans like this going on .
When you reward failure and punish responsible parties , the consequences will be predictably bad .
Said and done
At the end of the day , America will still have our horribly inefficient and only quasi - solvent banking system .
Chances for meaningful reform are still bleak , crony - capitalism alive and well .
China , meanwhile , will end up with 16,000 miles of energy - efficient railway connecting their major cities .
Plus , they get to brag about badass 236 - mph trains .
If the U.S. insists on throwing piles of money at something , should n’t it be for something cool like really fast trains ?
Some would counter that the U.S. strategy has worked .
After all , the Dow is above 10,000 again .
So everything must be preachy .
I would reply that while America ’s response has provided a temporary boost , it also sowed the seeds for another disaster .
It will feature many of the same players , and involve even more debt .
This is the key difference between Chinese and American stimuli .
Neither is perfect , but America ’s fails to address fundamental problems – too much debt and banks who only exist thanks to taxpayers and accounting gimmicks .
It ’s a patch to buy time until the next bubble pops .
Nothing more .
The Bad
China ’s plan is not perfect by any means .
It will be fraught with waste and inefficiency .
That ’s the nature of government projects , and China is a proudly socialist country .
Bureaucrats generally make awful businessmen .
With little stake in the outcome of their actions , workers inevitably get careless and make bad decisions .
Corruption also tends to creep in .
Exhibit A – China ’s Ghost City ( skip to 1:15 )
This project should serve as a cautionary tale for China .
Big missteps like this will be costly .
If leaders are n’t more judicious in the future , they could end up with a thousand bridges to nowhere .
American Bear in China
At Buttonwood last month , head of Morgan Stanley Asia Stephen Roach took many of us by surprise with his bearish comments on China .
He noted that he moved to Asia because he was bearish on America , but now he ’s starting to get bearish on China .
He was critical of their infrastructure spending , hinting that much of it may be going to waste .
Roach is still long - term bullish on Asia , but we should listen to his warning .
He ’s certainly not alone .
China - bashing is becoming quite the rage among contrarians these days .
China bears are probably onto something , but I think fears of massive bubble are overdone .
I liked Chinese stocks earlier this year , when their valuations were n’t quite so lofty .
In January I started buying PGJ ( my favorite China ETF ) around $ 13 - $ 14 .
Since then it ’s risen to $ 24 , and like most Asian indexes , looks toppy .
The 12 - month trailing P/E for Shanghai stocks is currently around 30 x .
That ’s not cheap .
So I recently sold some Chinese stocks from my portfolio .
That said , I ’m not giving up on emerging markets ( including China ) .
Three reasons for this .
Number one – it ’s where the growth is .
Number two – A falling dollar should benefit American owners of foreign stocks .
Number three – it ’s still working .
Disclosure : Long PGJ
Chart via The Transport Politic
The Shotgun Blog
« Tommy Chong sports Free Marc Emery t- shirt everywhere | Main | Saskatchewan ’s anti-scalping legislation an attack on free markets »
Tuesday , November 24 , 2009
Minister : Let the WIND blow .
Tony Clement is being encouraged by the incumbent wireless industry players , and even one future entrant , to forgo overturning the CRTC ruling on Globalive , who was to launch their national wireless service under the WIND Mobile brand this month .
Telus , Bell , and Rogers have all made the same argument in varying degrees ; seeing the inevitable long - term trend towards further liberalization of regulation in Canadian telecommunications , they have opted for the obstruct and delay tactics .
Essentially , these companies are arguing that since it 's currently illegal for them to seek foreign financing , it is unfair to allow Globalive to enter the market as a company which is principally financed by foreign dollars -- in this case , Egyptian - based Orascom Telcom Holdings , which helped front the CA$ 430 million which Toronto - based Globalive in turn , used to purchase wireless spectrum licenses last year .
Given the finite amount of radio frequencies available , national governments usually regulate their use , granting exclusive rights to certain radio frequencies for commercial and non-commercial purposes .
For instance , there are licenses which are issued for the exclusive use of emergency services as well , so as to prevent a free - for - all on radio frequencies .
It is illegal to transmit on these frequencies without a license .
In what is a strange state of affairs in our regulatory system , there are two licenses from two completely different government agencies that a wireless phone carrier must obtain in order to operate .
Ultimately , Industry Canada has the authority to issue wireless licenses , and the Canadian Radio and Telecommunication Commission has the authority to license their use .
Effectively , you can own a license for a set of radio frequencies , barring anyone else from their use , but not have a license to use it yourself .
Makes a lot of sense , I know .
But such is life in the world of big government .
This is effectively the limbo where Globalive finds itself .
It possesses a national spectrum license , but it's not legally authorized to employ it 's use by offering cellular phone service to prospective customers .
The reason for this , is that the CRTC found , quite legitimately mind you , that Globalive is de facto : a foreign - owned and controlled company .
Even though the management structure is such that it 's Canadian directors hold sway over the day to day operations : in the event of any financial trouble , it 's creditors -- who are almost entirely foreign -- would by any stretch of the imagination have ultimate control over the company .
Given this , the CRTC decided that it violated the legal requirement : that any company providing telecommunication services to consumers must be eighty - percent owned by Canadians .
Such is the case that Telus , Rogers and Bell are almost exclusively Canadian - owned .
Bell , in particular , having failed to find a buyer for the company last year after the takeover deal by the Ontario Teacher 's Pension Plan fell through , is probably the first company which would want to cry foul .
They were , of course , barred from seeking international financing or sale to an international company in order to best serve their shareholders .
While these arguments against allowing Globalive to compete would appear to speak to an issue of fairness , I think the truth of the matter goes beyond their oversimplified definition of fairness .
One issue of fairness which is not communicated by " Robelus " - - a pejorative word comprising the names Rogers , Bell and Telus often used by consumer advocates to refer to their collective monopoly - - or oligopoly -- is the fact that they have been able to collectively enjoy windfall profits at prices which are , to say the least , high by international standards .
In terms of the state of competition in Canada 's wireless market , Canada is the only OECD country which has seen a drop in wireless penetration in the past five years .
Despite Canada 's economic boom through the first part of this past decade , less Canadians -- as a proportion of the population -- owned cellphones in 2007 than did in 2002 .
In the same period , profit margins for Telus and Rogers , in particular , skyrocketed .
High prices and the three - year commitments that most cellular phone plans push ( most plans in Europe and Asia bolster an 18 - month commitment ) resulted in a smaller base of cellphone users paying higher rates -- which as it turns out , more than made up for the lost customers who could not afford or were not willing to pay those rates .
It 's hard to blame Robelus ( sorry , I just think the word is funny ) for trying to maximize their profits .
But it 's equally hard to feel sorry for them having to face down potential foreign - competition .
They 've had their shot at being the robber barons , protected from competition by archaic and illiberal ownership rules , and now is as good a time as any to bring and end to this unjustifiable status quo .
While , on the face of it , it may not be " fair " , if only in an isolated sense , that Globalive was able to use foreign financing , it is less " fair " that consumers are restricted from having more market choices , and as it turns out , I do believe that Robelus should be able to access foreign investment in the same way that Globalive has ; we should waste no time in drafting the appropriate legislation .
But as far as the status quo goes , now is as good a time as any for a change .
As such , Minister Clement should overturn the CRTC ruling , granting Globalive the ability to operate , and simultaneously announce his intention to repeal the foreign - ownership laws .
Robelus is neither deserving or entitled to " fairness " in the way they are asking for it , given the market advantage they have as incumbent players , large customer bases , and years of charging customers prices which would not be justifiable in an open market .
It 's time that the consumers saw some " fairness " .
Minister Clement : tear down this [ wireless ] wall .
Posted by Mike Brock on November 24 , 2009 | Permalink
Comments
While I 'm strongly in favour of allowing WIND to operate ( better than repaying half a billion dollars which the government has probably already spent and killing the 800 + Canadian jobs created ) and overall supportive of truly capitalist reforms in Canada , there are still many legal issues attached to Clement 's decision of approval that will cost millions in court -- simply because we 've allow the system to crumble so much for so long .
I 'm glad to see that media outlets from coast to coast are urging Minister Clement to grant Globalive the ability to launch WIND ; hopefully he will heed the frustrated opinions of Canadians !
Posted by : AngryChineseDriver | 2009-11-24 3:51:16 PM
good ole robellus empire .
I do n't believe you can find it in your heart to feel sorry for them that they 'll have to face international competition ... oh well , I guess I 'm jsut a lot more spiteful than you .
anyways , every day this ugly mess brings us closer to a more liberated telecom sector ...
Posted by : Clement | 2009-11-24 6:57:57 PM
The war has just begun .
Ready your soldiers , for the sunset shall not offer any reprieve .
Posted by : hitman047 | 2009-11-24 9:20:45 PM
I am in favor of competition and then new entrants into the Canadian Wireless market .
I have paid close attention to this topic ( Wind , CRTC & Industry Canada ) and in all the articles and commentaries not on author has broken down , for all readers , the cost to start and operate a national wireless company in Canada .
+$ 400 million in license fees
+$ 500 million in infastructure ( the cell site to include real estate , cell site hardware )
:
At the start gate to be competitive an entrant has an invested +$ 1 billion coupled with other costs of business ( retail sotres , salaries , office space , growiing the netork , vendor license fees ( ie : RIM for the BlackBerry & Qualcomm for the chip sets ) , etc ) a return on investment of 3 - 5 years is difficult to achieve .
Consider the montly fees a user pays for the serivce it could take an entrant > 4 years to turn a profit .
Fido and cLearnet are examples of this where a larger competirit acquired them .
No consider the site denitsy and environment a cell site is to be built in Canada .
The US , Eurpope and Asie have greater cell density thatn Canada .
In other words there are more cell sites in a geographical area due to the greater amount of cell phoen users .
Before we ( generally ) complaing about cost of having a cell phone as a luzury considering what it cost to bring that to the comsumer .
33 million people live in Canada with 20 million cell phone subsribers with ne subsrbibership slowing , well perhaps the market has reached capacity and the remaingn 13 million are still in diapers or playig in the sand box .
Posted by : paul | 2009-11-25 8:04:51 AM
Mike ,
I just finished watching a few of the Dawkins versus Wright videos .
Thanks for pointing me to them ... I 'm quite frankly stunned .
Posted by : Charles | 2009-11-25 7:39:02 PM
Its Canadian civil service and telecommunication financial corruption and collusion at its finest .
The CRTC had no problem rubber stamping the foriegn buyout of Telesat Canada in 2007 by Loral .
Loral ( USA ) owns more than 64 % of Telesat after the take over .
American now runs Telesat .
Did the CRTC care to disclose that their own pension plan owned Telesat at the time and continues to own approximately 35 % of Telesat ?
Well well well , what is good for the CRTC pension plan is not good for Canadians .
I wonder how much the CRTC Pension plan has invested in Bell , Telus , Rogers and Shaw .
Shame , shame on you CRTC .
Posted by : PowrrrPlay | 2009-12-04 8:12:47 PM
The comments to this entry are closed .
Australian newspapers are now appealing for the couple to come forward .
There is speculation that they were students staying in the building who decided to make love on the roof as a prank .
However impressive someone is , however many excellent and entertaining books they might have sold , never believe anyone who tells you there might be a quick fix to global warming .
It 's hard to deny that Steven Levitt , an economist at the University of Chicago , and the journalist Stephen Dubner know a thing or two about applying economics to unlikely situations .
In their latest book , Superfreakonomics , the pair take on global warming , and argue that technology is our best bet in dealing with it .
Specifically , they get excited about floating hoses that can shoot aerosols into the upper atmosphere to reflect away sunlight , cooling the Earth by a few degrees .
World - changing the easy way
Where the former World Bank economist Nicholas Stern has calculated the penalty of not dealing with a warming world through fiscal and political policies – and in the process changed the priority the political world gave to the issue – Levitt and Dubner have focused their economic nous on human behaviour .
In short , why try to persuade billions of people around the world to change their behaviour , when you could easily persuade a few thousand to knock up a device to deal with it all ?
Even shorter : let 's try geo-engineering .
Geo-engineering is a set of technologies designed for use on a global scale to prevent or slow climate change .
It includes everything from sending mirrors into space to reflect away sunlight , to dumping iron into the oceans to encourage the growth of CO2 - consuming algae .
It was once seen as the preserve of the wacky , but in recent years its supporters have swelled in number to include scores of climate scientists and engineers .
The coalition is messy , with a wide variety of opinion on the best techniques and even the merits of using technology to tackle global warming ; if there is any consensus emerging , it is simply that it would be good idea to have some big ideas in reserve , a Plan B , in case nothing comes of appeals to personal abstinence and global political will .
Trial balloons
This was the conclusion of a report published last month by the Royal Society .
The most comprehensive study on the subject to date , it called for urgent investment to test some of the options , arguing that scientists need to get beyond the simulations and work out whether the potential risks of these technologies outweighed the benefits on these technologies .
" Unless the world community can do better at cutting emissions , we fear we will need additional techniques such as geo-engineering to avoid very dangerous climate change in the future , " said John Shepherd of the University of Southampton , who chaired the Royal Society report .
He added , however , But the report 's chair , John Shepherd of the University of Southampton , said that neither he nor the working group advocated geo-engineering .
" Our opinions range from cautious consent to very serious scepticism about these ideas .
It is not an alternative to emissions reductions and cannot provide an easy quick fix . "
Levitt and Dubner , meanwhile , seem most interested in the work of Nathan Myhrvold , a former chief technology officer at Microsoft .
He has set up a company , Intellectual Ventures , that is looking at lifting an 18 - mile ( 29 km ) hose into the stratosphere with helium balloons .
By pumping sulphur dioxide particles into this region , at a cost of around $ 20 m , the company thinks it could reflect some sunlight away from the Earth 's surface .
" The theory behind it is an attempt to mimic what happens with very large volcanoes that inject material into the stratosphere , " says Naomi Vaughan , a climate scientist at the University of East Anglia ( UEA ) .
" These are volcanoes that occur near the tropics and the clear example that everyone looks at is Mount Pinatubo , which erupted in June 1991 . "
Pinatubo , in the Phillipines , threw 10 m tonnes of sulphate particles into the atmosphere as it erupted , lowering global temperatures by 0.5 °C the following year .
As for how much sulphur aerosol would be needed to achieve the effect artificially , estimates range from 1.5 m to 5 m tonnes .
That 's to offset the warming from a doubling of current levels of CO2 in the atmosphere .
Power plants produce and pour about 35 m to 40 m tonnes of sulphur compounds a year into the troposphere ( from the ground to 11 miles up ) .
" A number of factors inform this range of estimates , " says Vaughan .
" A key one is particle size : the smaller the particle size the less mass of sulphur is needed , but if the particles are too small they can ' glob ' together and fall out of the stratosphere quicker . "
Injections would have to be replenished every two to three years .
Earlier this year , Vaughan published a paper with UEA colleague Tim Lenton in the journal Atmospheric Chemistry and Physics Discussions , comparing different schemes to cool the Earth .
They concluded that stratospheric aerosols had by far the greatest potential to combat warming in the timescale to 2050 , given their relatively low cost and high efficiency .
But Vaughan and Lenton also raised several concerns with the
technique .
Aside from unpredictable changes in the amount and pattern
of global rainfall , stratospheric aerosols would also keep the ozone
layer from healing .
Ever since the world began to control its use of
chloroflourocarbons and hydrochlorofluorocarbons in the past two
decades , the ozone hole over the Antarctic has been getting smaller .
In a study published last year in Science , Simone Tilmes of the
National Center for Atmospheric Research in Boulder found that
injecting stratospheric aerosols into the upper atmosphere would delay
the recovery of the ozone layer by 30 to 30 to 70 years .
Perhaps the biggest issue , however , is that this kind of " solar radiation management " does not do anything to tackle the culprit behind global warming : carbon dioxide .
Such techniques – other proposals include throwing salt water into the air to enhance cloud cover and painting roofs white to reflect away sunlight – mask the core problem rather than permanently dealing with it .
And they would need to be in place for ever .
" As soon as you stop any type of solar radiation management , the rate of warming is extremely fast – the system readjusts , " says Vaughan .
" Rather than having steady warming as our CO2 levels go up , if you bring the intervention in so the world cools , and then stop it 20 years down the line , you get a rapid warming back up to the level that it would have been if you 'd never had that intervention . "
So , as well as solar radiation management , geo-engineers would need to come up with ways of removing carbon dioxide from the atmosphere .
There are good ideas for how to do this .
Some suggest stimulating algae in the oceans could sequester large amounts of CO2 , while Klaus Lackner at Columbia University wants to build huge " artificial trees " to directly suck CO2 from the air .
But all are complex to engineer .
Stratospheric aerosols are easier – but making an 18 - mile hose defy gravity still wo n't be simple .
" I think they 're going to do it by having 100 balloons lifting it up or something , " says John Loughhead , executive director of the UK Energy Research Centre . "
We should n't underestimate how difficult it will be to get that up there .
" What they put forward as a possible way needs an enormous amount of work to see if it can be done practically . "
Loughhead does n't discount the effort but he warns against the temptation to focus attention on just one technology .
" The problem that we face with climate and carbon is of such a scale and in a system of such complexity that to believe anything will be a silver bullet is naïve .
We need to explore all the possible routes because they will all advantages and disadvantages and we will probably have to apply them all in some way ultimately to get to where we want to be . "
• This article was amended on 22 October 2009 .
In the original , the photo caption said that a 1991 volcanic eruption raised global temperatures .
A sentence about the effects of controls on chloroflourocarbons and hydrochlorofluorocarbons was omitted .
This has been corrected .
Larry King is n’t known for his hardball interviews .
So his exchange with onetime California beauty queen Carrie Prejean came as something of a surprise .
Prejean threatened to walk off King ’s Wednesday night interview after King asked her why she ’d settled a lawsuit against the Miss California USA Pageant .
Prejean lost her Miss California title after it emerged that she ’d posed in racy shots and faced criticism about comments against same sex marriage .
She sued the organization , alleging libel and religious discrimination .
ADVERTISEMENT
Then , this week , it emerged that Prejean had filmed a secret sex tape .
“ Why settle since you had a fight to carry on ? ” King inquired .
Prejean did n’t answer .
King repeated : “ You ca n’t even say why you settled ? ”
“ Larry , ” Prejean replied , “ it ’s completely confidential and you ’re being inappropriate . ”
Prejean appears to have settled after a lawyer for the organization revealed a home - made sex tape Prejean made when she was 17 .
ADVERTISEMENT
After a minute of back - and - forth exchange , King remarks , “ Okay , I , uh … inappropriate King Live continues . ”
It gets worse for Prejean .
A caller begins a call with , “ I ’m a gay man and I love pageants , ” and Prejean reaches to disconnect her mic .
“ Did she hear the question ? ” King asks .
ADVERTISEMENT
Prejean retorts , “ Yeah , I think you are being extremely inappropriate right now , and I ’m about to leave your show . ”
This video is from CNN ’s Larry King Live , broadcast Nov. 11 , 2009 .
ADVERTISEMENT
Download video via RawReplay.com
The # 1 Boating Community & Classifieds
Buying & Selling Made Easy
The Right Boat For You
iboats.com has one of the most extensive used boat listings around , and we make it easy to create your listing and publish it to a huge community of boating enthusiasts .
You can search the boats for sale by type or manufacturer to find the deals on the kind of boat you have always wanted .
Whether you need something reliable for your frequent fishing trips , or you enjoy taking family and friends out for an active day of water skiing , you can find it right here .
Buying a new or used boat can be a daunting process , but at iboats.com we provide a wide range of information on different boats and let you search , research and compare the different makes and models that are listed here .
You can also take your questions directly to the community and get the most relevant answers from people who have had an experience very similar to yours .
It is n't difficult to list your boat on our site , and we make it as easy as possible to search the listings for the one that fits your needs and your budget .
Whether you are in the market for a brand new model or would rather save some money on a used boat , you can find it right here .
Start your search today and get the one that is right for you .
" There 's no way to rule innocent men .
The only power government has is the power to crack down on criminals .
Well , when there are n't enough criminals , one makes them .
One declares so many things to be a crime
that it becomes impossible for men to live without breaking laws . "
— Ayn Rand
Violent crime is down America , across the board , spanning two decades .
Earlier this month , the Justice Department announced that the incidence of reported rape had hit a 20 - year low .
Homicides are down , as are juvenile violence and crimes committed against children .
Crime rates have been plummeting since the early 1990s to such an extent that explaining the drop has become something of an obsession among criminologists and sociologists .
Part of the drop can of course be explained by mass incarceration — America leads the world in the percentage of its population behind bars .
Putting one in every 100 citizens in jail causes its own problems , and there 's plenty of debate over just how much that incarceration has contributed to the fall in violent crime .
But there 's no question that we 've put lots of people in prison over the last 20 years , the crime rate has fallen , and part of the public likely believes ( with some justification ) that there 's a link betweent the two .
But there 's something else going on too , picked up in the blogosphere last week by George Washington University political science Professor John Sides .
According to Gallup , since 2002 the percentage of the American public who think violent crime is on the rise has been increasing , even as actual violent crime rates continue to fall .
Sides notes that from 1989 to 2001 , perception and reality somewhat went hand in hand .
But 2002 to 2003 saw a 19 percent leap in public perceptions that violent crime was on the uptick , and the figure has been going up in the years since — to 74 percent today .
What 's going on ?
From the time Richard Nixon made crime a national political issue in the 1970s , we 've been conditioned by politicians and public officials to live in perpetual fear .
Our baseline is that there 's too much crime , and that we are n't doing enough about it .
Despite that , there was an actually drop in public worry about crime that began in 1992 and continued until 2002 .
As noted , that drop corresponded with an actual decline in the national crime rate , something that had n't happened in 30 years .
That crime rates going down for the first time in a generation was something new , something worth noticing .
The 1990s were also generally an optimistic decade .
The economy was humming .
We were n't engaged in any major wars .
We did n't have many worries , period .
Post - 2002 , the national mood soured .
Terrorism , obviously a form of violent crime , was all over the news .
The economy slowed down .
Illegal immigration once again became a national issue , along with the false assumption that undocumented immigrants bring violent crime .
And so we returned to a state of fear , though the crime rate continued to fall .
These fluctuations in the Gallup poll are interesting , but it 's worth noting that the percentage of respondents who believe violent crime is on the rise has dipped below 60 percent only three times since 1991 .
This , again , despite the fact that violent crime has been in decline over the entire period .
Fear makes for easy politics .
It both wins votes and primes us to give government more power at the expense of personal liberty .
And that 's certainly true when it comes to crime .
With the possible exception of an incumbent mayor , politicians only benefit from exaggerating the threat of violent crime .
Senators , Congressmen , and even governors are rarely held responsible when the crime rate goes up .
But they do win votes by proposing new powers for police and prosecutors to bring it down .
The result has been a one - way ratchet effect on crime policy .
We 're perpetually expanding police and prosecutorial power , a process only occasionally slowed by the courts .
Congress and state legislatures rarely take old criminal statutes off the books , but they 're always adding new ones .
A 2008 report from the Heritage Foundation estimates that at the federal level alone , Congress has been adding about 55 new crimes to the federal criminal code each year since the 1980s .
There are now about 4,500 separate federal crimes .
And that does n't include federal regulations , which are increasingly being enforced with criminal , not administrative , penalties .
It also does n't include the increasing leeway with which prosecutors can enforce broadly written federal conspiracy , racketeering , and money laundering laws .
And this is before we even get to the states ' criminal codes .
In his new book , the Boston - based civil liberties advocate and occasional Reason contributor Harvey Silverglate estimates that in 2009 , the average American commits about three federal felonies per day .
And yet , we are n't a nation of degenerates .
On the contrary , most social indicators have been moving in a positive direction for a generation .
Silverglate argues we 're committing these crimes unwittingly .
The federal criminal code has become so vast and open to interpretation , Silverglate argues , that a U.S. Attorney can find a way to charge just about anyone with violating federal law .
In fact , it 's nearly impossible for some business owners to comply with one federal regulation without violating another one .
We 're no longer governed by laws , we 're governed by the whims of lawyers .
Whatever one may think of Ayn Rand 's political philosophy or ethics , her criminal justice prophecy has proven unsettlingly accurate :
In our continuing eagerness to purge American society of crime , we 've allowed the government to make us all into criminals .
Radley Balko is a senior editor at Reason magazine .
According to Soulja Boy Tell
Em , there was an upside to slavery .
When asked during an interview which historical figure he hates most , the teenage rapper was at a loss for words .
In an attempt to get a response from the rapper , the interviewer revealed past answers to the question , which included Osama Bin Laden , Adolf Hitler and slave masters .
Soulja
Boy seemed to disagree with some of the past responses .
" Oh wait !
Hold up !
Shout out to the slave masters !
Without them we 'd still be in Africa .
We would n't be here to get this ice and tattoos , " the rapper ignorantly proclaimed .
Way to go Soulja Boy !
Good to know someone is willing to trade their freedom for some bling .
Gallery takes down photo of actor when she was 10 , made - up and nude , after advice from Met 's obscene publications squadAdrian Searle on the naked Brooke Shields photograph row
A display due to go on show to the public at Tate Modern tomorrow has been withdrawn after a warning from Scotland Yard that the naked image of actor Brooke Shields aged 10 and heavily made up could break obscenity laws .
The work , by American artist Richard Prince and entitled Spiritual America , was due to be part of the London gallery 's new Pop Life exhibition .
It has been removed from display after a visit to Tate Modern by officers from the obscene publications unit of the Metropolitan police .
The exhibition had been open to members of the Tate today before opening to the public tomorrow .
A Tate spokeswoman confirmed that the display had been " temporarily closed down " and the catalogue for the exhibition withdrawn from sale .
The work had been accompanied by a warning , and the Tate had sought legal advice before displaying it .
The decision by officers to visit Tate Modern is understood to have been made after police chiefs saw coverage of the exhibition in today 's newspapers , rather than as a result of complaints .
Officers met gallery bosses and are also understood to have consulted the Crown Prosecution Service as to whether the image broke obscenity laws .
A Scotland Yard source said the actions of its officers were " common sense " and were taken to pre-empt any breach of the law .
The source said the image of Shields was of potential concern because it was of a 10 - year - old , and could be viewed as sexually provocative .
The work has been shown recently in New York , without attracting major controversy , where it gave the title to the 2007 retrospective of Prince 's work at the Guggenheim Museum .
The Pop Life exhibition also includes works from Jeff Koons 's series Made in Heaven , large - scale photographic images that depict the artist and the porn model La Cicciolina having sexual intercourse .
There are also works by Cosey Fanni Tutti , who , as part of her artistic practice , worked as a porn and glamour model in the 1970s and then displayed some of the resulting images in an exhibition at the ICA in 1976 .
Spiritual America is a photograph of a photograph .
The original – authorised by Shields 's mother for $ 450 – had been taken by a commercial photographer , Gary Gross , for the Playboy publication Sugar ' n ' Spice in 1976 .
Shields later attempted , unsuccessfully , to suppress the picture .
Prince used the image as the source material for his own 1983 piece ; he placed it in a gilt frame and displayed it , without labelling or explanation , in a shopfront in a then rundown street in Lower East Side , New York .
The title comes from a photograph by Alfred Stieglitz from 1923 of a gelded horse .
Prince has described the image as resembling " a body with two different sexes , maybe more , and a head that looks like it 's got a different birthday . "
In an essay in the exhibition catalogue Jack Bankowsky , co-curator of the exhibition , describes the image as of " a bath - damp and decidedly underage Brooke Shields …
When Prince invites us to ogle Brooke Shields in her prepubescent nakedness , his impulse has less to do with his desire to savour the lubricious titillations that it was shot to spark in its original context … than with a profound fascination for the child star 's story . "
The Metropolitan police said : " Officers from the obscene publications unit met with staff at Tate Modern …
The officers have specialist experience in this field and are keen to work with gallery management to ensure that they do not inadvertently break the law or cause any offence to their visitors . "
Gulf Coast lawmakers have a message for the administration : Keep your mitts off my raw oysters .
Senators from Louisiana and Florida are seething over plans to sanitize — basically cook — oyster hauls to fight a potentially deadly bacteria found in the Gulf shellfish .
A new Food and Drug Administration rule will ban the sale of fresh , live oysters from the Gulf of Mexico and require they get quick - frozen , heated , pressurized or zapped with gamma irradiation before consumers can take a bite .
The post - harvest processing is intended to wipe out illness from Vibrio vulnificus , a bacteria that grows in oysters and killed 15 people in the United States last year , mostly folks with underlying health conditions such as AIDS , cancer , kidney disease , diabetes or alcohol abuse .
It also would wipe Gulf oysters off the raw - bar menu and erase that on - the - half - shell staple of the seafood industry in Louisiana , Florida and Texas .
“ This is government out of control .
This is government trying to kill a gnat with a sledgehammer , ” Sen . Bill Nelson , Florida Democrat , said in a speech on the Senate floor Thursday .
“ We are not going to let it happen . ”
He teamed up with Democrat Sen. Mary L. Landrieu and Republican Sen. David Vitter , both of Louisiana , to introduce a bill that would block funding for the FDA to implement the rule , which is set to take effect in 2011 .
They say a public education campaign warning at - risk consumers about the dangers of eating raw food makes more sense than crippling a thriving seafood industry .
“ The FDA has bigger fish to fry , ” Ms. Landrieu said .
“ Imposing burdensome federal regulations that may take away 3,500 much - needed jobs in Louisiana is not the answer . ”
She noted that the United States last year had more than 87 million cases of food - related illnesses , 371,000 hospitalizations and 5,700 deaths , compared with 15 deaths from raw oysters eaten by people who were already sick .
Opposition is expected to build on Capitol Hill , where Gulf Coast senators are set to meet this week with FDA officials about the regulation .
A Republican aide said Sen. John Cornyn , Texas Republican , likely will raise concerns about the raw - oyster ban and consider singing on to the bill to cut funding for it .
The FDA , under fire for recent scares from tainted tomatoes , spinach , beef , peppers and peanut butter , says it is just doing its job of protecting the food supply .
“ Seldom is the evidence on a food - safety problem and solution so unambiguous , ” said Michael R. Taylor , a senior adviser to the FDA .
“ Oysters that undergo post - harvest processing treatment will rarely pose a problem ; while those left untreated can have deadly consequences . ”
Mr. Taylor , who made the remarks last month in a speech to the biennial meeting of the Interstate Shellfish Sanitation Conference ( ISSC ) in Manchester , N.H. , said the rule is modeled after a 2003 California law that virtually eliminated deaths from Vibrio vulnificus in the state .
“ We no longer believe that measures which reduce the hazard , but fall well short of eliminating it , such as improvements in refrigeration , are sufficient … given the severity of the hazard and the availability of postharvest processing technologies , ” he said .
The ISSC , formed by the seafood industry in 1982 to promote shellfish sanitation and which previously helped the FDA formulate a plan to reduce Vibrio vulnificus , balked at the new federal rule .
The conference complained that the FDA left it out of the decision - making process , discarded ongoing efforts at education and improved refrigeration to reduce risks and failed to fully evaluate the economic impact of the ban .
“ Should the USFDA continue this effort without ISSC support it is likely that many states will choose not to enforce the federal policy , ” J. Michael Hickey , chairman of the ISSC executive board , said in a Nov. 2 letter to the FDA Office of Food Safety .
A popular uprising against the raw - oyster ban is being organized at SaveOurShellfish.org .
Its stated goal is to collect 50,000 signatures on an online petition .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
Myth : The U.S. has the best health care system in the world .
Fact : The U.S. has among the worst health statistics of all rich nations .
Summary
The U.S. does not have the best health care system in the world - it has the best emergency care system in the world .
Advanced U.S. medical technology has not translated into better health statistics for its citizens ; indeed , the U.S. ranks near the bottom in list after list of international comparisons .
Part of the problem is that there is more profit in a pound of cure than an ounce of prevention .
Another part of the problem is that America has the highest level of poverty and income inequality among all rich nations , and poverty affects one 's health much more than the limited ministrations of a formal health care system .
Argument
Let 's review the health care statistics first , and analyze them afterwards .
All statistics here are for the year 1991 ; they have generally become worse for the U.S. since then .
Health Care Expenditures ( percent of GDP ) ( 1 ) United States 13.4 % Canada 10.0 Finland 9.1 Sweden 8.6 Germany 8.4 Netherlands 8.4 Norway 7.6 Japan 6.8 United Kingdom 6.6 Denmark 6.5 Doctors ' incomes : ( 2 ) United States $ 132,300 Germany 91,244 Denmark 50,585 Finland 42,943 Norway 35,356 Sweden 25,768 Percent of population covered by public health care : ALL NATIONS ( except below ) 100 % France , Austria 99 Switzerland , Spain , Belgium 98 Germany 92 Netherlands 77 United States 40 Average paid maternity leave ( as of 1991 ; this changed with Clinton 's signing of the 1993 Family and Medical Leave Act ) : Sweden 32 weeks France 28 United Kingdom 18 Norway 18 Denmark 18 Japan 14 Germany 14 Netherlands 12 United States 0 Life Expectancy ( years ) : Men Women Japan 76.2 82.5 France 72.9 81.3 Switzerland 74.1 81.3 Netherlands 73.7 80.5 Sweden 74.2 80.4 Canada 73.4 80.3 Norway 73.1 79.7 Germany 72.6 79.2 Finland 70.7 78.8 United States 71.6 78.6 United Kingdom 72.7 78.2 Denmark 72.2 77.9 Infant Mortality Rate ( per 1,000 live births ) : United States 10.4 United Kingdom 9.4 Germany 8.5 Denmark 8.1 Canada 7.9 Norway 7.9 Netherlands 7.8 Switzerland 6.8 Finland 5.9 Sweden 5.9 Japan 5.0 Death rate of 1 - to - 4 year olds ( per community of 200,000 per year ) : United States 101.5 Japan 92.2 Norway 90.2 Denmark 85.1 France 84.9 United Kingdom 82.2 Canada 82.1 Netherlands 80.3 Germany 77.6 Switzerland 72.5 Sweden 64.7 Finland 53.3
Death rate of 15 - to - 24 year olds ( per community of 200,000 per year ) : United States 203 Switzerland 175 Canada 161 France 156 Finland 154 Norway 128 Germany 122 Denmark 120 United Kingdom 114 Sweden 109 Japan 96 Netherlands 90 Note : the murder rate for the above age group is 48.8 per 200,000 .
Even subtracting this entirely still puts the U.S. near the top of the list .
Premature Death ( years of life lost before the age of 64 per 100 people ) : United States 5.8 years Denmark 4.9 Finland 4.8 Canada 4.5 Germany 4.5 United Kingdom 4.4 Norway 4.3 Switzerland 4.1 Netherlands 4.0 Sweden 3.8 Japan 3.3
Percent of people with normal body mass : Men Women Germany 53 % 37 Finland 51 37 United Kingdom 46 38 Canada 52 29 Switzerland 49 30 France 44 30 Denmark 44 25 United States 47 22 Sweden 44 25 Percent of people who believe their health care system needs fundamental change : United States 60 % Sweden 58 United Kingdom 52 Japan 47 Netherlands 46 France 42 Canada 38
An explanation of America 's poor health care statistics
Sharp readers will notice that the last chart may mean different things to different people .
Conservatives think the U.S. health care system needs reform because there is too much government involvement in health care ; liberals because there is not enough .
So let 's clarify this statistic with a few others .
Americans are the most dissatisfied with the quality and quantity of their health care .
Of the 10 largest industrialized nations , the U.S. ranked dead last in health care satisfaction , with an approval rating of only 11 percent .
( 3 ) There 's no putting a positive spin on this statistic ; any president with such a low approval rating would be impeached !
Most of this dissatisfaction stems from the high expense and unavailability of U.S. health care .
During the 1993 debate on health care reform , polls consistently showed that two - thirds of all Americans supported the idea of universal coverage .
( 4 ) Polls also showed that Americans did n't want to pay the higher taxes to achieve this goal , which many pundits took to be an amusing example of public inconsistency .
Actually , the public was entirely consistent .
Other nations manage to cover everybody , and at lower cost .
Nor is America 's international reputation in health care as high as many Americans boast it to be .
" Ask anyone you know from a foreign country ... which country is the envy of the world when it comes to health care , " Rush Limbaugh wrote in See , I Told You So .
But according to a Gallup poll published by the Toronto Star , only 2 percent of all Canadians believe that the U.S. has a better health care system than their own . ( 5 )
The fact is that America does not have the finest health care system in the world ; it has the finest emergency care system in the world .
Highly trained American doctors can summon Star Wars - type technology in saving patients who have become seriously injured or critically ill .
But as far as preventative medicine goes , the U.S. is still in the Stone Age .
It should be no surprise that in America 's health care business , entrepreneurs will take a pound of cure over an ounce of prevention every time .
But in reality , what affects the health of Americans lies more outside the formal health care system than within it .
In Europe during the last century , life expectancy nearly doubled after nations purified their drinking water and created sanitation systems .
In America during this century , the highest cancer rates are found in neighborhoods around the chemical industry . ( 6 ) A healthy diet and exercise provide better health than most medicines in most circumstances .
Other nations have realized that factors outside the hospital are more important than factors inside it , and have used this bit of wisdom to lower their health care costs .
Perhaps the greatest reason why Europeans are healthier than Americans is because they have reduced poverty , especially child poverty .
The link between poverty and poorer health has long been proven .
One survey reviewed more than 30 other studies on the relationship between class and health , and found that " class influences one 's chances of staying alive .
Almost without exception , the evidence shows that classes differ on mortality rates . "
( 7 ) The American Journal of Epidemiology states that " a vast body of evidence has shown consistently that those in the lower classes have higher mortality , morbidity and disability rates " and these " are in part due to inadequate medical care services as well as to the impact of a toxic and hazardous physical environment . " ( 8 )
And in an even more important finding , studies from Harvard and Berkeley have proven that income inequality -- not just absolute poverty -- is equally important .
( 9 ) States with the highest levels of income inequality also have the highest mortality and morbidity rates .
The reason why relative poverty matters is because prices and opportunities are relative too - the U.S. may have the best medical technology in the world , but at $ 10,000 a procedure , who can afford it ?
Many reasons contribute to the worse health of the poor .
Political scientist Jeffrey Reiman writes : " Less money means less nutritious food , less heat in winter , less fresh air in summer , less distance from sick people , less knowledge about illness or medicine , fewer doctor visits , fewer dental visits , less preventative care , and above all else , less first - quality medical attention when all these other deprivations take their toll and a poor person finds himself seriously ill . "
( 10 )
And this is not to mention that the poor work and live in more polluted , hazardous and strenuous environments .
These deprivations are especially hard on infants in their critical development years .
The U.S. has tried to combat this problem by offering universal prenatal and postnatal health care , much like Europe does .
But the U.S. is fighting against a head wind because it has levels of poverty that Europe does not .
Again , a person 's health is affected by more factors outside the formal health care system than within it .
It 's not enough to give a few programs to a person in poverty ; what 's needed is removing that person from poverty completely .
" When I look back on my years in office , " says C. Everett Koop , Reagan 's former Surgeon General , " the things I banged my head against were all poverty . " ( 11 )
If America is to improve its health statistics , it must not only pass universal health care , but reduce poverty as well .
Return to Overview
Endnotes :
1. Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development , Paris , France , OECD Health Data , 1993 ; OECD Health Systems : Facts and Trends , 1993 .
2. Remaining statistic charts listed in Where We Stand , by Michael Wolff , Peter Rutten , Albert Bayers III , and the World Rank Research Team ( New York : Bantam Books , 1992 )
3. Health Affairs , vol. 9 , no. 2 , cited by Steven Randall , Jim Naureckas and Jeff Cohen in The Way Things Aren't : Rush Limbaugh 's Reign of Error ( New York : W.W. Norton & Company , 1995 ) , p. 65 .
4. Jeff Cohen and Norman Solomon , Through the Media Looking Glass : Decoding Bias and Blather in the News ( Monroe : Common Courage Press , 1995 ) , p. 81 .
5 . The Way Things Aren't , p. 66 .
6 . This was the finding of a county - by - county national survey conducted by the National Cancer Institute in 1975 .
Cited in " N.J. 's Chemical Belt Takes Its Toll : $ 4 Billion Industry Tied to Nation 's Highest Cancer Rate , " Washington Post , February 8 , 1976 , p. A1 .
7. Aaron Antonovsky , " Class and a Chance for Life , " in Inequality and Justice , Lee Rainwater , ed. , ( Chicago : Aldine Publishing Company , 1974 ) , p. 177 .
8. S. Leonard Syme and Lisa Berkman , " Social Class , Susceptibility and Sickness , " American Journal of Epidemiology 104 , no. 1 ( July 1976 ) , pp. 1,4 .
9 . Berkeley study : George A. Kaplan and others , " Inequality in income and mortality in the United States : analysis of mortality and potential pathways , " British Medical Journal , Vol. 312 ( April 20 , 1996 ) , pp. 999-1003 .
Harvard study : Bruce P. Kennedy and others , " Income distribution and mortality : cross sectional ecological study of the Robin Hood index in the United States , " British Medical Journal , Vol. 312 ( April 20 , 1996 ) , pp. 1004 - 1007 .
10 . Jeffrey Reiman , The Rich Get Richer And the Poor Get Prison ( New York : MacMillan Publishing Company , 1990 ) , p. 75 .
11 . Quoted in Stephanie Coontz , The Way We Never Were : American Families and the Nostalgia Trap ( New York : HarperCollins , 1992 ) , p. 270 .
Washington ( CNN ) --
The thousands of restive conservative protesters milling outside the west front of the Capitol last week definitely did n't seem in the mood to listen -- but there was at least one voice they wanted to hear .
The chant started from the back of the crowd , and rolled forward like a wave : " We want Michele !
We want Michele ! "
Michele Bachmann does n't say she finds GOP leadership irrelevant .
But with health care reform gathering momentum as the Democratic bill entered final debate in the House , she took her typical route around , not through them .
The swarms of Tea Partiers who descended on Washington on her week - old call did n't come to see John Boehner and Eric Cantor .
The top Republican leaders in Congress were guests at Michele Bachmann 's party .
" When we came down to this final hour , as the clock is ticking 11:59 on this health care reform , Speaker Pelosi is posed with her health care bill to take over 18 percent of the American economy , " the Minnesota congresswoman said Thursday , drawing an angry roar from the audience set to swarm Democratic congressional offices on her instructions .
Bachmann grinned .
" Oh come on , do n't hold back , " she said .
" Tell them how you really feel ! "
In many ways , Michele Bachmann is the ideal political creature of the Tea Party era .
Her path to power does n't lie in moving up the GOP leadership ladder , but in ignoring it entirely , drawing her power more from cable TV hits than committee assignments .
And that power is growing : A University of Minnesota study released in August found she had already doubled her media appearances from the previous year .
In 2008 , when she was running for re-election , Bachmann hit the airwaves every 16.6 days , Minnesota researchers said .
In 2009 , that frequency had nearly doubled , to once every 9.1 days .
Nearly all of those appearances made news , featuring a supremely confident and combative Bachmann .
" If you look at FDR , LBJ , and Barack Obama , this is really the final leap to socialism , " she said in March on CNN contributor Bill Bennett 's national radio show .
" The Democrats are about to institutionalize cartels -- that 's what they 're very good at -- they 're trying to consolidate power , so we need to do everything we can to thwart them at every turn to make sure that they are n't able to , for all time , secure a power base that for all time can never be defeated . "
One summer pledge to battle health care reform generated even more media heat and liberal outrage .
" What we have to do today is make a covenant , to slit our wrists , be blood brothers on this thing , " she told Colorado conservatives in August .
" This will not pass .
We will do whatever it takes to make sure this does n't pass . "
Since Bachmann 's arrival in Washington in 2007 , she 's grabbed attention not so much for what she 's accomplished as for what she has said .
Her statements are sometimes debatable , occasionally incendiary , always quotable .
In October , she told conservative bloggers at the Heritage Foundation that she refused to " cower in fear , " and worry about media chatter .
" They 're irrelevant , " she said of mainstream journalists .
" And I do n't play by their rules . "
Her target audience , and core constituency , is the outraged conservative voter who feels powerless in the Obama era .
And they 're listening .
" You 've gone to the town hall meetings and been at the tea party rallies , only to be ignored by the Left , " the congresswoman wrote in a fundraising message this fall .
" Well , I 've heard you loud and clear and you 're saying : ' Enough is enough ! ' "
Her polarizing voice sounds like money -- to members of both political parties .
" Polarizing people are double - edged swords , and I think that on balance ... she 's hurting the Republican Party , " says veteran Democratic consultant Jennifer Palmieri .
Even Republicans concede Bachmann , 53 , is playing a high - stakes game .
" If you 're going to play that kind of role as a passionate person who , who goes out there and really says stuff , you better have pretty good instincts , " says Tony Blankley , one - time press secretary to former House speaker Newt Gingrich .
" Because if you have bad instincts , you 're going to pay a price .
" But on the other hand , " he adds , " nobody follows somebody who 's just muttering . "
Bachmann relishes her underdog status -- a fortunate trait , given her timing :
She ran for a seat in a GOP - controlled Congress , but took office as part of the smallest Republican freshman class in six decades .
It was n't the first time in Bachmann 's life that her fortunes had shifted radically .
When her parents divorced when she was in her teens , Bachmann suddenly found herself living with a single mother earning less than $ 5,000 a year .
The emotional impact of that experience still shapes her fiercely independent approach .
" My mother is a wonderful woman , " she said in a House floor speech on fiscal responsibility last spring , as she slammed the administration for its stimulus plan .
" And she looks at what she has worked so hard to save for her whole life .
She never had a high - paying job , but my mother was extremely frugal and extremely prudent , and taught me to be the same way . "
If her mother and women like her could make do with less and spend within their means , Bachmann said , the U.S. government should be able to do the same .
When she entered Winona State College , Bachmann was a Democrat and along with her future husband , Marcus , even worked for Jimmy Carter 's presidential campaign .
But she grew disillusioned with the Carter presidency .
Reading a tartly written Gore Vidal history book on a train ride back to school one year , something just clicked , she told the Minneapolis Star Tribune in an interview a few months into her first term .
" He was kind of mocking the Founding Fathers and I just thought , ' What a snot , ' " she told the paper .
" I just remember reading the book , putting it in my lap , looking out the window and thinking , ' You know what ?
I do n't think I am a Democrat .
I must be a Republican . ' "
But she says she did n't see politics in her future .
She headed off to study law at Oral Roberts University , and later at the College of William & Mary Law School .
She married Marcus , worked as a tax attorney , and had five children of her own , along with a succession of 23 foster children .
Her entrance into politics came relatively suddenly -- she jumped into a state Senate race a decade ago over dissatisfaction with school regulations , and quickly became one of the most high - profile culture warriors in the Minnesota legislature , a leader in the fight against same - sex marriage .
That embrace of hot - button issues continued when she made her way to Washington .
Name a controversial conservative cause of the Obama era , and she 's been an icon to devotees :
She 's a core member of a group of Republican lawmakers who continue to push for government investigations into alleged Democratic ties to controversial community group ACORN .
She 's been a hero to " 10 thers , " who believe the 10th Amendment of the Constitution rules out a major government role in health care reform ; " Birthers , " who question whether President Obama was born in the United States ( though Bachmann -- who helped block a resolution affirming Hawaii as the president 's birthplace -- recently told CNN 's Larry King she has " no reason to doubt " he was born there ) ; and " Deathers , " who claim government cost - cutting under President Obama 's health care plan would prevent older Americans from receiving necessary medical care .
While other Republican lawmakers have publicly struggled with the role of conservative voices like Sean Hannity , Rush Limbaugh and Glenn Beck -- offering mild criticism and backing away from their comments , serving up vague praise with conditional disclaimers -- Bachmann has embraced them wholeheartedly .
In Michele Bachmann 's GOP , as in theirs , there is never cause for retreat , and no room for second - guessing .
" And thank God for Joe Wilson .
Thank God for Joe Wilson , " Bachmann , praising the South Carolina congressman 's " huge heart , " told a Tea Party gathering in her home state shortly after his " You lie ! " outburst to Obama on the House floor .
Blankley , who attended a conservative conference with Bachmann earlier this year , says her star power is undeniable : " You could feel the energy rising when she came into the room . "
Bachmann 's " lack of equivocation " on moral issues is bracing , says Blankley .
" She brings some energy and cares what she 's talking about .
She 's not going through the motions . "
Women : intrinsically evil or tragically misunderstood ?
If this strikes you as a fruitful topic of discussion , then you may wish to see  or perhaps I should say endure 
Lars von Trier ’s “ Antichrist , ” a film that has already set off carefully orchestrated frissons of disturbance at film festivals around the world .
It starts with a slow - motion , black - and - white sequence , scored to a Handel aria , of graphic sex ( with a snippet of hard core thrown in just for fun ) and climaxes with two vivid scenes of genital mutilation .
Mr. von Trier has said that making the movie helped him overcome a crippling depression .
I ’m glad he feels better .
He has certainly lost none of the impish , assaultive sensationalism that has made him both a darling and a scapegoat of film critics .
But the formal rigor and intellectual brio that made his best films 
“ Breaking the Waves ” and “ Dogville ”  as hard to dismiss as they were easy to loathe seems to have abandoned him .
The scandal of “ Antichrist ” is not that it is grisly or upsetting but that it is so ponderous , so conceptually thin and so dull .
The story is simple enough , and arises from a precipitating calamity laid out on the very first page of “ Melodrama for Dummies ” : the death of a child .
During the sexual ecstasy of the opening scene , as a nameless couple played by Willem Dafoe and Charlotte Gainsbourg grapple on nearly every piece of furniture and appliance in their apartment , their son , a toddler , climbs from his crib and makes his way to an open window .
He tumbles out , along with his teddy bear , at what seems to be precisely the moment of his mother ’s orgasm .
The rest of “ Antichrist , ” divided into chapters and shot in weird , pulsating , muted digital color by Anthony Dod Mantle ( “ Slumdog Millionaire ” ) , explores the aftermath of this fatal incident , and expands on its implicit linking of female sexuality and death .
The mother is mad with grief and guilt , and Ms. Gainsbourg ’s anguished , naked ( literally and otherwise ) performance is , at least in the film ’s first half , its only genuinely harrowing aspect .
Following in the footsteps of Emily Watson in “ Breaking the Waves , ” Bjork in “ Dancer in the Dark ” and Nicole Kidman in “ Dogville , ” she allows herself to be pushed and provoked toward brave and extraordinary feats of acting in a dubious cause .
This one is going to be a bit tongue in cheek , because it is Halloween after all .
Make your own Minimalist Artwork
Grab a blank canvas .
Paint it white .
Hang it .
Grab a blank canvas .
Paint a stripe in any colour you choose in any direction .
Hang it
Grab a blank canvas .
Paint a hollow circle in the middle .
Hang it .
Are we getting the hang of this yet ?
This is the true essence of minimalism !
Just kidding .
Okay , okay .
On to serious matters .
Ideas for Cheap & Chic Minimalist Decorations
My ideas above were n’t bad , but there are other ways to make Minimalist Artwork for decoration that do n’t involve a blank canvas with 2 minutes of work , as tempting as that sounds .
Take a piece of wallpaper or fabric that you really love , and frame it
This is a very cheap and chic way to make some quick artwork that looks great .
For example ,
If you have different coloured stripes , grab three squares of it , and frame them .
Then , when you hang the frames , play with the configuration and layout , until you find something that works .
Hang a the pattern on its side , or upside down .
Check out some of the combinations of fabrics you could combine in frames as artwork : Via daisyjanie on Etsy .
Take photographs and make it work
The best thing about minimalist photography , is you can just take a picture of DIRT and it looks good .
It ’s all about being minimalist , after all , and it ’s the angle in which you take the picture , or the modifications you do to it , to make it your own .
After you have a great photograph , frame it .
Or better yet , float mount it .
It gives it an extra panache and guaranteed , people will ask you who the photographer was .
Think about doing it in black & white for an added mystery , or in a sepia tone for a wistful feeling .
The last option would be if you are adventurous is to take 3 pictures in a triptych ( where it looks like one whole picture , but is actually 3 pictures separated ) .
An easier way to create a triptych would be to take one very large image , and just simply chop it into thirds , and frame each third separately .
Or in quarters for another look , to frame them into squares .
White decorations are safe and your best bet
If you buy items in a pure white , it tends to look more calming and neutral than something with a lot of colours or patterns .
Dark wood items are also good choices .
Anything with a kind of earthy , feel good nature are good picks .
The only thing I ’d suggest is if you are not a neutral - type of person , keep the entire palette neutral and calm , but put a single item that will stand out in the sea of neutrals .
Something like a bright red lacquered vase with dark brown branches as decoration .
Do n’t overcrowd surfaces
Keep the surfaces and shelves free of any decoration except a single item , or a small grouping of 3 items .
A huge bouquet of flowers arranged on the mantlepiece in a vase can also be minimalist .
As long as there ’s nothing else around it , like a ring of candles , or extra knick knacks .
Less is really more in this case .
Allow for space and blank spots
Blank walls are okay .
Blank spots on shelves are okay .
Blank spaces on the floor are okay .
Display & Re-use your blank CD jewel cases
Here are all of the instructions from Photojojo .
They also have a video tutorial you can watch !
How do you find competent legal help ?
How do you know who to trust when so much is at stake ?
At Fergus , A Law Office , my number one priority is your well - being .
I will listen to your concerns , develop a strategy that focuses on solving your dilemma and follow - through on that strategy to your betterment .
With a thorough understanding of the law and a true passion for making people ’s lives better , I am fully dedicated to finding a solution that resolves your legal issue and satisfies your needs .
With over 35 years of experience resolving disputes in court and at the negotiating table , I can help you analyze your problem , implement a strategy to resolve your legal problem and execute that strategy to achieve the results you desire .
From complicated intellectual property issues to intricate business matters , no legal issue is too daunting for me to tackle on your behalf .
With me by your side , you have all my legal knowledge and trial experience working towards solving your problem .
Next Thursday is , of course , Thanksgiving Day in the United States .
While we celebrate the holiday with our families , along with turkey , stuffing and pumpkin pie ( or whatever traditions you may have ) , many of us like to think of all the good things in our lives for which we 're thankful .
No matter how rough things are for you , you almost surely have some things in your life that make you feel lucky .
Whether or not you believe in a deity or deities to whom to give thanks for the good things in your life , it can be good to take a little time out to consider how much you have that makes you happy .
It 's all well and good to list things like your family , your friends , a steady job ( if you 're fortunate enough to have one ) , having a roof over your head , etc .
But there 's more .
So , in addition to those fine and wonderful things , here are 10 things ( in no particular order ) geeks might be thankful for , other than the obvious : GeekDad T - shirts !
Thanks to all those who responded to my request for assistance on Twitter .
Image copyright © Timescience Bloodclub , LLC .
1 . As I wrote last week ( see # 10 on that list ) , the geeks have officially won !
If our triumph over the forces of jockdom does n't deserve at least a nice toast , I do n't know what does .
2 . There will be a sequel to Dr. Horrible 's Sing - Along Blog !
That should be plenty to take the sting out of Dollhouse 's cancellation for Joss Whedon fans , and is certainly good news for everyone who enjoyed the first one , which seems to include most geeks .
3 . This is the golden age of webcomics .
From xkcd to Penny Arcade to Dork Tower to SMBC to Sluggy Freelance to Toothpaste for Dinner , and many others , webcomics have truly come into their own in the past several years .
Geeky humor for free , nothing to recycle and no chance of accidentally reading Cathy :
What could be bad ?
4. Google Wave .
No , we 're not really sure what to use it for , either , but it 's from Google and it 's invitation - only , so it must be awesome .
Right ?
5 . We live in an age where 1 - terabyte hard drives are small , inexpensive and easy to come by .
For those of us who remember having a PC at home that had no hard drive whatsoever , and who remember when a 40 - megabyte hard drive was the size of a cube fridge , we really are living in the future .
6. Widely available broadband Internet connectivity .
The next time you go to a Flash - heavy website like YouTube or Hulu , or a photo - sharing website like Flickr , consider how long you'd be waiting for pages to reload if you were on a 2,400 - baud modem .
Or even a 14,400 - baud modem , which I remember being so glad to get because it seemed so fast to me , then .
These days we can get bandwidth in our homes or our local coffee shop that laughs in the face of a 14,400 modem ... or would , if bandwidth could laugh .
And if modems had faces .
Stargate Universe cast photo copyright © Metro- Goldwyn - Mayer Studios Inc .
7 . There will not be a new Star Wars trilogy or 3 - D versions of the existing movies .
It may seem odd to be thankful for something that 's not happening , but the rumors about these gave us nightmares , so we think it makes sense .
8 . There is genuinely good science fiction to be found on television .
Stargate Universe , while not uniformly great , is only eight episodes old and yet has already had more legitimately good sci-fi stories than Star Trek : Enterprise had in its entire 98 - episode run .
And then there 's the new version of V , and the upcoming Caprica — yes , even once Dollhouse 's run ends , there will still be better sci-fi on TV than there usually is .
9 . A two - part movie adaptation of The Hobbit is being made by Guillermo del Toro and Peter Jackson .
We are a bit less than thankful that we have to wait two years to see the first film and three to see the second , but we 'd rather have them done right than done quickly .
The team that 's making them gives us great confidence that the adaptation will be well worth watching .
10 . Children who love to read .
There are truly few things that are more gratifying to a geek parent than having kids who will choose to read a book over watching TV .
It 's one of those " I really am a good daddy / mommy ! " moments .
So , what geeky things are you thankful for this year ?
Please let us know in a comment .
And , Happy Thanksgiving , everyone !
Mike Huckabee is in big political trouble tonight , as the story breaks that he granted clemency to the man suspected of murdering four police officers .
Maurice Clemmons , the 37 - year - old Tacoma man being sought for questioning in the killing of four Lakewood police officers this morning , has a long criminal record punctuated by violence , erratic behavior and concerns about his mental health .
Nine years ago , then - Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee granted clemency to Clemmons , commuting his lengthy prison sentence over the protestations of prosecutors .
“ This is the day I ’ve been dreading for a long time , ” Larry Jegley , prosecuting attorney for Arkansas ’ Pulaski County said Sunday night when informed that Clemmons was being sought in connection to the killings .
Read the article linked above ; this guy is seriously , obviously deranged .
You have to wonder why Huckabee would grant clemency to someone like this , despite strenuous objections from prosecutors .
One possibility : Huckabee is a fanatical fundamentalist .
Was it because Clemmons pretended to “ get religion ” in order for his sentence to be reduced ?
UPDATE at 11/29/09 8:38:26 pm :
Huckabee is blaming it on “ the criminal justice system , ” and taking no responsibility for granting the suspected killer clemency .
“ The senseless and savage execution of police officers in Washington State has saddened the nation , and early reports indicate that a person of interest is a repeat offender who once lived in Arkansas and was wanted on outstanding warrants here and Washington State .
The murder of any individual is a profound tragedy , but the murder of a police officer is the worst of all murders in that it is an assault on every citizen and the laws we live within .
Should he be found to be responsible for this horrible tragedy , it will be the result of a series of failures in the criminal justice system in both Arkansas and Washington State .
He was recommended for and received a commutation of his original sentence from 1990 .
This commutation making him parole eligible and was paroled by the parole board once they determined he met the conditions at that time .
He was arrested later for parole violation and taken back to prison to serve his full term , but prosecutors dropped the charges that would have held him .
It appears that he has continued to have a string of criminal and psychotic behavior but was not kept incarcerated by either state .
This is a horrible and tragic event and if found and convicted the offender should be held accountable to the fullest extent of the law .
Our thoughts and prayers are and should be with the families of those honorable , brave , and heroic police officers . ”
UPDATE at 11/29/09 8:46:27 pm :
This is not the first case in which Huckabee granted clemency to a criminal who went right back to a life of crime ; in 1996 he granted clemency to serial rapist Wayne Dumond : Dumond case revisited .
The move may mean Outlook works on many different devices .
Microsoft has announced plans to open up the format of the data files used by its e-mail program Outlook .
The software giant said it would provide full documentation on the format so non-Microsoft developers can interrogate and use it .
Microsoft said it was making the move because data portability was becoming increasingly important to customers and clients .
No deadline was given for when the documentation effort will be complete .
Microsoft already provides two ways to get at the data Outlook and Exchange servers store about e-mail messages , contacts and calendar entries in a format known as .pst .
However , that information can only be accessed if Outlook is installed on a user 's desktop or laptop computer .
The documentation effort will provide full information about the .pst file format and remove the need to have Outlook installed to get at it .
" This documentation is still in its early stages and work is ongoing , " wrote Paul Lorimer , group manager , Microsoft Office Interoperability , in a blog post announcing the move .
When the documents are complete , Microsoft said they would be released to make it possible for anyone to use the .pst format " on any platform and in any tool , without concerns about patents , and without the need to contact Microsoft in any way " .
Microsoft said it was already talking to key customers and industry experts to ensure the information it provides is useful .
The move could see novel e-mail , contact and calendar clients that work on many different devices .
Mr Lorimer said the move was taken as part of Microsoft 's commitment to Interoperability Principles that it announced in 2008 .
Microsoft is not alone in pursuing a more open agenda for its products .
Many firms now provide detailed interfaces to their data or software so others can find out how they work and put that information to their own ends .
For instance , in September Google set up a Data Liberation Front - a team of engineers whose job it is to ensure that its users can get at their data and do what they want with it .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Christian Scientists believe their prayer therapy works as an alternative to modern medicine .
Being a Wiccan who performs rituals to invoke the power of the universe to help heal and protect myself and those I love , I 'm not one to mock another religion 's belief .
In fact , Christian Science prayer therapy is n't that far a stretch from what I do .
The difference is that I would never think to ask my health insurance company or my government to pay for the cost of my candles , incense , and ritual items like brooms , wands , sea salt , crystals , or silver - cast pentacles .
But thanks to the vague language of this provision , what 's to stop Wiccans from demanding reimbursement for our rituals used to heal ?
What 's to stop Scientologists from demanding that the very expensive materials they have to buy from their " church " are covered the government ?
I mean heck , at least I can get candles for fifty cents .
Scientologists pay hundreds upon hundreds of dollars for their materials , and into the thousands for " auditing " ( their replacement for psychiatry ) .
Sarah Palin's witch doctor , covered by Aetna ?
How much do you think Blue Cross Blue Shield will have to bust out for exorcising demons from your kid ?
But critics say the measure could have a broader effect , conferring new status and medical legitimacy on practices that lie outside the realm of science .
Before the cries of " slippery slope ! " can be heard , allow me to get to my main point , which is not that spiritual - based alternative medicine is laughable ( it 's not ) .
This is about the separation of church and state .
And in case you had n't noticed from the title , I 'm also a bit bitter about the fact that the religious and right wing are demanding that government health care not cover abortions , and yet they are trying to sneak this trash in .
You can't have your cake and eat it too .
Religious folks have tampered with this country 's government from the start , and it 's time to put a stop to it .
This is n't a Christian nation .
It 's a democratic state with freedom of religion .
Practicing prayer therapy , having some loud guy in a suit put his hands on your head and scream at Jesus to heal you so you can walk again , burning candles around a piece of lapislazuli for health ... whatever you might believe in terms of religion and medicine , do n't ask taxpayers or insurance companies to pay for it .
Speaker Pelosi has removed this provision from the House version of the health care bill .
Majority Leader Reid , however , has not yet decided if he will remove it from the Senate consolidated bill .
The full page article from the LA Times can be seen here .
Edit :
First ever rec list , thanks guys !
It 's been awesome chatting with you guys on here during the day .
Palm has started laying off employees as a cost saving measure in the face of lower then expected Palm Pre sales , according to a recent blurb on CoolSmartphone .
Since Palm first introduced the Pre to the public at CES 2009 , the Pre , rightly or wrongly , has been typecast as a true competitor to the iPhone .
The Pre ’s UI is undoubtedly slick , but a number of issues – such as poor battery life , a lack of applications , and a high pricetag – have n’t done much to help the Pre give the iPhone a run for its money .
Being relegated solely to Sprint surely does n’t help either .
Also problematic are reports which call into question Palm ’s hard sales data .
Specifically , Palm ’s 10 k filing with the SEC counts all shipments of Pre units to stores like Best Buy as actual sales .
There ’s not a legal issue in doing that , but if Palm Pre ’s are n’t moving out the door , doing so greatly inflates the perceived number of Pre ’s actually in the hands of customers .
Moreover , analyst David Ellers estimatesthat there ’s enough Palm Pre ’s back logged in retail inventory to last for an astounding 11 weeks .
By way of comparison , Apple ’s stock of iPhones are typically set up to last for 4 weeks before new shipments come in .
While Palm is still getting paid for the phones languishing in retail inventory , this inventory delay does n’t bode well for the Pre going forward .
And that might help explain the unusual number of price cuts surrounding the Pre since it was first released early last Summer .
Palm and its partners have aggressively been lowering the price of the Pre in recent weeks in an apparent attempt to boost up sales .
Just 3 months after its initial release , Sprint lowered the price of the Pre to $ 149 , down from a previous asking price of $ 199 .
Meanwhile , Amazon is already selling the Pre for $ 99 while Walmart recently introduced a special offer that priced the Pre at paltry $ 79 .
This stream of price cutting is great for consumers , but clearly is n’t a good sign for Palm who is counting on strong
Pre sales to help restore the company back to relevancy .
Incidentally , the Pre ’s latest WebOS update does n’t restore iTunes syncing functionality .
Point : Apple .
Posted on 01 September 2009 by Quaid
There ’s a drive - in about twenty - five minutes from my house .
It ’s only in the past few years that I ’ve realized how lucky that really makes me .
Now , I ’m not talking lucky in a “ retro getting a piece of the past ” kind of way .
Every time I tell someone I ’m going to the drive - in , they say something along the lines of “ That sounds so quaint , ” or “ it ’s a dying piece of Americana . ”
My response ?
Screw that .
I go to the drive - in for one reason .
The movies .
The first time I went , of course , it was all about the novelty .
But once I pulled the lawn chairs out of the trunk , filled my paper cup with a little smuggled - in whiskey and settled in with my radio tuned to the soundtrack , I immediately got giddy .
I was about to enjoy three movies …a triple feature of the greatest kind .
Under the stars , with friends .
That first time at the drive - in we were celebrating the release of Rob Zombie ’s Halloween .
If you read the site , though , you know that I ’m not a huge Rob Zombie fan .
Instead , I was there for the first feature – John Carpenter ’s Halloween .
Not only were they showing an original print of the movie ( faded and with scratches and all - around amazing ) , but Tony Moran was in attendance .
You know … the guy that played Michael Myers for that one shot where his mask gets pulled off ?
And in Georgetown , Indiana–home of the Georgetown Drive - In–Tony Moran is kind of a big deal .
The line for autographs was a mile long , with everyone FREAKING OUT about the possibility of meeting Michael Myers in the flesh .
These are my kind of people : horror fans without a hint of doubt or cynicism .
This man was Michael Myers … that ’s all there was to it .
Anyway , back to the movies .
I bought a delicious five - dollar steak sandwich and settled in for the films .
As an unabashed Halloween fan , watching the original print of the film on the biggest screen imaginable was nearly a religious experience .
It was also the first time I ever saw a film print burn and waited fifteen minutes for the movie to get up - and - running –which made me cringe knowing that a few seconds of the film was gone forever … but was also kinda cool .
Since that night I ’ve been back to the Georgetown Drive - In multiple times to enjoy the cheap food , the cheesy announcements , and the great weather .
But , in the end , it ’s always been about the movies .
I ’ve seen Friday the 13th Part Seven and The Exorcist and District 9 , and I ’ve shaken hands with special guests Linda Blair , Tommy Lee Wallace , and Michael Madsen .
On fright - fest horror nights , I ’ve even been chased through a maze - like concession stand line by both Leatherface and Michael Myers … AT THE SAME TIME .
Most recently , though , I returned to Georgetown for a back - to - back screening of Rob Zombie ’s Halloween and Halloween 2 , followed by Inglourious Basterds .
By this time , I had it down to a science , tracking down an ancient MP3 player that also happens to have an FM tuner , putting in ear - buds and enjoying the films in full stereo .
Sitting under the stars , I realized fully for the first time that I was n’t there for the atmosphere or food or celebrities .
This is the only way I could experience this triple feature .
It was cheap and comfortable , and it was the only theater in town intelligent enough to actually put some thought into its programming .
I was n’t a big fan of Halloween 2 , and I loved Inglourious Basterds .
Regardless of the quality of the films , I really do n’t know that there is a better way to watch them from a purely cinematic perspective .
The biggest screen around .
A real 35 mm print .
Ear - buds blasting the soundtrack as loud as I want .
And a cup full of whiskey at the ready .
I ’ll make it back to the Georgetown Drive - In as much as I can before it closes for the season .
But the reason I make the trek is n’t for the nostalgia or the atmosphere or the “ change of pace . ”
It ’s because they ’ve got damn good movies that I love to watch .
In the end , that ’s all that really matters .
Put all of this together and there is a very real possibility of trouble .
China has had a 30 - year run of stellar economic growth .
But it ’s only human nature for such expansion to breed too much optimism , overextending an entire economy .
Americans have found this out the hard way in their own financial crisis .
History has shown that no major economy has grown into maturity without bubbles , crises and possibly even civil strife or civil wars along the way .
Is China exempt from this broader pattern ?
The notions of excess capacity and malinvestment were common in business - cycle theory of the 19th and early 20th centuries , when growing Western economies had frequent crashes of this kind .
Numerous writers , from the Rev. Thomas Malthus to the Austrian economist Friedrich A. von Hayek , warned about the overextension of unprofitable capital deployments and the pain from the inevitable crashes .
These writers may well end up being a guide for understanding China today .
What will the consequences be for the United States if and when the Chinese economic miracle encounters a major stumble ?
A lot of Chinese business ventures will stop being profitable , and layoffs and unrest will most likely rise .
The Chinese government may crack down further on dissent .
The Chinese public may wonder whether its future lies with capitalism after all , and foreign investors in China will become more nervous .
In economic terms , the prices of Chinese exports will probably fall , as overextended businesses compete to justify their capital investments and recoup their losses .
American businesses will find it harder to compete with Chinese companies , and there will be deflationary pressures in both countries .
And even if the Chinese are selling more at lower prices , they may be taking in less money over all , so they may have less to lend to the United States government .
In any case , China may end up using more of its reserve funds to address domestic problems or placate domestic interest groups .
The United States will face higher borrowing costs , and its fiscal position may very quickly become unsustainable .
Meredith has affiliate partnerships .
These do not influence editorial content , though Meredith may earn commissions for products purchased via affiliate links .
Radiohead type Music
Scratch Your Back , due in January 2010 , is n’t your typical covers album — Gabriel is reinterpreting an array of bands with orchestral re-imaginings .
The will be the usual tributes to established icons — David Bowie , Talking Heads , the aforementioned Radiohead — but he also proves he ’s been keeping up on groundbreaking music even though his last full - length came out in 2002 .
The Arcade Fire , the Magnetic Fields , Bon Iver , Elbow and Regina Spektor will all get the orchestral treatment by the man who wants to be your Sledgehammer .
Do n’t relax those raised eyebrows yet — apparently , the artists Gabriel reinterprets will be returning the compliment by doing a song of his at some undisclosed point .
Maybe the Magnetic Fields will give us droll version of “ Solsbury Hill ” ?
We can dream …
We got to thinking about our other favorite crossover moments between indie artists and classic rockers , including some of the above - mentioned artists .
Remember when the Thin White Duke performed “ Wake Up ” with the Arcade Fire ?
Or more recently , when blue - eyed soul legend Michael McDonald appeared with art - rockers Grizzly Bear ( not that we did n’t all see that one coming ) .
And of course , there was the time Daryl Hall had the electro - pop / cheese - funk duo Chromeo over to his house for a jam session .
Any other couplings between established acts and up - and - comers that — in your eyes — we forgot to mention ?
More from EW.com ’s Music Mix :
A US army psychiatrist about to be deployed to Afghanistan allegedly shouted " Allahu Akbar " , or " God is greatest " , as he opened fire at a military base in Texas , killing 13 people and wounding 28 .
Major Nidal Malik Hasan
The gunman , Major Nidal Malik Hasan , 39 , shouted the Arabic phrase just before he began his shooting spree at Fort Hood military installation yesterday , according to the base commander , Lieutenant General Robert Cone .
Hasan 's family said he had been dreading deployment to Afghanistan .
Cone praised a civilian police officer for stopping the rampage .
Sergeant Kimberly Munley and her partner responded within three minutes of reported gunfire .
Cone said Munley shot the gunman four times despite being shot herself .
" It was an amazing and an aggressive performance by this police officer , " he said .
Twelve of those killed were soldiers ; one was a civilian .
All of the wounded were in a stable condition , officials said at a press conference today .
Among them are Hasan himself and Munley .
Contrary to initial reports , Hasan is alive but has not yet been interviewed by investigators as he is on a ventilator .
" He is in a stable condition , " an army medical spokesman said .
Commander Colonel Steven Braverman , who was a colleague of Hasan at the Darnall army medical centre on Fort Hood , said Hasan performed well in his job and had showed no obvious signs of trouble .
" We are not aware of any problems that he had while he was here at Darnall , " said Braverman , adding : " We had no problems with his job performance while he was working with us . "
Braverman confirmed Hasan had received orders to deploy to Afghanistan .
One of Hasan 's cousins , Nader Hasan , told reporters he had been dreading going to war , having counselled scores of returning soldiers for post - traumatic stress disorder .
" He was mortified by the idea of having to deploy , " the cousin said .
" He had people telling him on a daily basis the horrors they saw over there . "
Family and fellow officers said Hasan had complained of harassment by other troops about his Middle Eastern ethnicity and Muslim faith .
The FBI was last night going through Hasan 's phone and computer records to see if a motive could be identified .
Agents were checking back on website postings by a man who identified himself as Nidal Hasan that appeared sympathetic to suicide bombings .
At about 1.30 pm yesterday , Virginia - born Hasan is said to have opened fire with two handguns at the base 's soldier readiness centre where troops were having equipment checks , dental treatment and undergoing other preparations before being flown to Iraq or as they returned from combat .
Neither of the guns are believed to have been military issue .
Ford Hood 's deputy base commander , Colonel John G Rossi , said about 500 soldiers were in the area when Hasan entered the centre wearing military uniform .
He shot some victims at close range and others were injured as the bullets ricocheted , Rossi said .
Troops are not allowed to carry firearms on the base and armed military police quickly swarmed to the scene .
Soldiers tore up their uniforms to bandage the injured .
Troops at a graduation ceremony nearby , attended by 600 , have been praised for quickly blocking the doors when the firing began .
The base went into lockdown for several hours amid fears other gunmen were involved .
Greg Schanepp , who was representing a local congressman at the graduation , told how a soldier who had been shot in the back came running towards him and alerted him to the shooting , telling him not to go in the direction of the killer .
The base commander , Cone , said only military police on the base carried guns .
He did not speculate on a motive .
Two other people were questioned and then released .
Federal law enforcement officials told Associated Press that Hasan had come to their attention at least six months ago because of his web postings , which discussed suicide bombings and other threats .
One of the web posts that authorities reviewed was a blog that equated suicide bombers with a soldier throwing himself on a grenade to save the lives of his comrades .
" To say that this soldier committed suicide is inappropriate .
It 's more appropriate to say he is a brave hero that sacrificed his life for a more noble cause , " said the post .
" Scholars have paralled [ sic ] this to suicide bombers whose intention , by sacrificing their lives , is to help save Muslims by killing enemy soldiers . "
The officials said Hasan appeared to have made the postings but it was still being checked .
The wounded were taken to hospitals in the central Texas region .
Lisa Pfund said her daughter Amber Bahr , 19 , was shot in the stomach and was in a stable condition .
Barack Obama , interrupting a speech in Washington , said the incident was a " horrific outburst of violence " .
The gunman showed no signs of worry or stress when he stopped at a convenience store for his daily breakfast of hash browns , said Jeannie Strickland , manager of a local 7 - Eleven .
" He came in [ Thursday ] morning just like normal , " she told the Houston Chronicle , " nothing weird , nothing out of the ordinary . "
Video footage was shown on CNN last night apparently of Hasan in a shop in the morning ‑ about six to seven hours before the shooting ‑ looking relaxed as he bought some goods .
Just how valuable is the Vacation brand ?
Does Chevy Chase ’s quartet of family comedies even qualify as a brand ?
New Line executives and director David Dobkin ( Wedding Crashers ) seem to think so and are gambling that moviegoers still have a soft spot for the Griswolds , last seen in 1997 ’s Vegas Vacation .
The Hollywood Reporter wrote yesterday that the proposed film would focus on a grown - up Rusty and his own family , while Chase and Beverly D’Angelo might make token appearances as the grandparents .
As Vegas Vacation reinforced , the Griswold films are hardly sacred territory , so I ’m not upset by New Line ’s intentions .
But why make a “ Vacation ” film at all ?
Does the name - recognition really help that much at the box office ?
According to the Hollywood Reporter , New Line hopes to craft a movie more like Little Miss Sunshine than RV , the Vacation -y 2006 road - romp starring Robin Williams .
Great !
Outstanding !
But why bother calling it a Vacation movie at all ?
In fact , if New Line crams a Little Miss Sunshine movie into Vacation packaging , they threaten to alienate the few true Griswold fans who remain .
I ’m not blind .
I know that sequels and remakes are an essential pillar of the moviemaking industry , but in some cases , they seem to be bad business .
Will Dobkins movie be penalized rather than rewarded at the box - office for being a Vacation film ?
I envision many people , even fans of the original and the underrated Christmas Vacation , sticking up their nose at this go - around , prejudging Dobkins ’ personal LMS and condemning it to obscurity , fairly or unfairly .
Danish students could soon be allowed full access to the internet while sitting their final school exams if a pilot scheme goes well .
Students will be allowed to log on to any site they wish - but they are not allowed to communicate with anyone online .
Judy Hobson reports from Copenhagen .
Results showed a clear swing to the " Yes " camp
Irish voters have strongly endorsed the European Union 's Lisbon Treaty - 16 months after their first vote rejecting it plunged EU reforms into deadlock .
About 67 % voted " Yes " , official results from the latest referendum showed .
Irish Prime Minister Brian Cowen hailed a " clear and resounding " endorsement .
Political leaders across the EU have also welcomed the result .
The president of the European Commission , Jose Manuel Barroso , said it was a great day for Europe .
He urged the leaders of Poland and the Czech Republic - the only other countries yet to ratify Lisbon - to sign the treaty as soon as possible .
The Czech president today sent a message that in a sense was telling the Tories not to depend on a Czech delay
Gavin Hewitt
BBC Europe Editor
Read more in Hewitt on Europe
The treaty - which is aimed at streamlining decision - making in the 27 - nation bloc - cannot take effect until all 27 member states ratify it .
According to final results , 67.1 % of Irish voters approved it , while 32.9 % voted " No " .
Turnout in the three - million electorate was 58 % .
The parliaments of Poland and the Czech Republic have approved the treaty and Polish President Lech Kaczynski is expected to sign it in the coming days .
But the Czech Republic 's Eurosceptic President , Vaclav Klaus , said he would not sign the treaty until his country 's Constitutional Court had pronounced on its validity .
LISBON TREATY
Creates new post of EU president ( President of European Council ) New post of High Representative for Foreign Affairs
More decisions by majority vote , rather than unanimity Ratified by all member states except Czech Republic , Ireland and Poland Only Ireland held a referendum on it Took a decade of negotiations
Was intended to take effect in January 2009
Send us your comments
What now after Irish ' Yes ' ?
In quotes : Reactions to vote Ireland was the only EU member state to hold a referendum on Lisbon , though there have been calls for referendums in several countries .
" The Irish people have spoken with a clear and resounding voice , " Mr Cowen said in a brief statement to reporters .
" It is a good day for Ireland and a good day for Europe .
" The Irish people showed an Ireland embracing her future with Europe , " he said .
The Irish anti-Lisbon group Coir said on Saturday : " We are extremely disappointed that the voice of the people was not heard the first time around . "
EU hails ' victory ' Swedish Foreign Minister Carl Bildt , whose country currently holds the EU presidency , called the vote " an important victory for Ireland and for all of Europe " .
He said it was just a matter of time until the EU " finally can push the button for the better European co-operation that the Lisbon Treaty will give us " .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Irish opinion is thought to have swung behind the " Yes " vote this time because of the severity of the economic downturn , as well as the legal " guarantees " on Irish sovereignty that the EU pledged after the first referendum .
The legally binding " guarantees " state that Lisbon will not affect key areas of Irish sovereignty , such as taxation , military neutrality and family matters such as abortion - significant issues in last year 's campaign in Ireland .
But they have not yet been attached to the treaty .
The treaty is intended to make EU institutions better suited to the enlarged bloc of 27 .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
But opponents see it as part of a federalist agenda that threatens national sovereignty .
In last year 's vote , 46.6 % of Irish voted " Yes " and 53.4 % " No " , and the rejection of the treaty plunged the EU into political gridlock .
All of the republic 's major parties campaigned for a " Yes " vote except the nationalist Sinn Fein .
The party believes rejecting the treaty would mean a more democratic EU .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Copyright Â© 2009 The Oklahoman
WEWOKA — Stephanie Sills says she has been strip - searched twice , repeatedly forced to pay for drug urinalysis tests and treated like garbage .
" I ’ve kind of lost respect for the whole system , ” she said .
" It makes me feel dirty , filthy , unworthy , violated , raped . ”
Sills , 41 , said she finds her treatment by Wewoka police and Seminole County authorities shocking since she has not been convicted of anything .
Records show Sills has only been charged with a misdemeanor : driving under the influence of drugs .
It ’s a crime she says she did n’t commit .
Blood test results last week showed she tested positive for barbiturates , but nothing else , Wewoka Police Chief Greg Brooks said .
Sills said she takes a prescription headache medicine that is a barbiturate , but her doctor told her she could safely drive .
Sills is discovering something many people find disturbing during their initial encounters with Oklahoma ’s criminal justice system .
It will cost her more to try to prove her innocence — even if the charge eventually is dropped — than it would have cost her to plead guilty and pay the $ 328 ticket plus $ 435.40 in court costs that have accumulated .
The Oklahoma City resident said she already paid her attorney $ 750 , and he wants $ 750 more to take the case to trial .
She said she also already paid more than $ 500 in drug - testing fees for random drug tests required as a condition of her being released pending trial .
The arrest
Rookie Wewoka police officer Tony Wilbourn stopped Sills about 2 a.m. July 19 at a highway intersection .
Sills said she was returning to Oklahoma City after visiting her mother at a Holdenville nursing home .
Sills said she had been crying .
Wilbourn reported he decided to pull her over when she stopped for several seconds in the middle of the intersection , after earlier stopping several feet short of the stop sign .
His report mentions Sills " fumbled and dropped ” documents while searching for her driver ’s license and insurance form and says she was " extremely unsteady on her feet ” as she got out of her car .
Sills said she fumbled the documents because her thumb was heavily bandaged due to an on - the - job injury and she was unsteady getting out of the car because she was trying to control her dog .
Wilbourn ’s report states Sills had " extremely slurred speech , glassy watery eyes , and showed a lack of coordination . ”
The report also stated she failed field sobriety tests he gave her .
Sills said she had watery eyes because she had been crying .
Wilbourn said there was no indication Sills had been drinking , so he arrested her on a complaint of driving under the influence of drugs .
Wilbourn was new on the police force and had not gone through police certification training .
But he told The Oklahoman two officers assisted him , and one was a " drug recognition expert . ”
She ’s confident
Sills is confident she will be cleared , but she thinks the process is flawed .
A two - month delay by police before even submitting the blood sample to be tested is one of several irregularities found by The Oklahoman .
Brooks ,
Wewoka ’s police chief , said it normally would n’t have taken that long for the blood to be driven or mailed to the Oklahoma State Bureau of Investigation lab for testing .
Two Seminole County deputies were shot and killed one week after Sills ’ arrest , and it has affected Wewoka police operations , he said .
Sills ’ blood sample remained forgotten until Sept. 17 , when a prosecutor says he called police about the delay .
The next day , the blood sample arrived at the OSBI by mail , according to OSBI spokeswoman Jessica Brown .
Because of a backlog , it has been taking 40 to 45 days to get samples tested , she said .
The delay might not be such a big deal , but Seminole County Associate District Judge Timothy Olsen requires Sills to call in daily to a supervisory program administered by drug court officials and to submit to random drug urinalysis testing as one of the conditions of her own - recognizance bond .
The judge said he just signed off on conditions that had been agreed to by the prosecutor and Sills ’ attorney , Richard Butner .
" They ’ve made me come in 19 times for drug tests at a cost of $ 30 apiece , ” Sills said .
The drug tests have cost her more than $ 500 , not counting the cost of the 120 - mile round trip to Seminole for testing each time , she said .
A worker in the drug testing office , Tina Madkins , said she believes Sills was only tested three or four times at a cost of $ 90 , but could n’t be sure .
Cost not only issue
Sills said the arrest caused her to lose her job at a tribal casino , and she recently started back to school with plans to become a medical assistant .
Sills said her classes begin at 8 a.m. weekdays , but she is required to check in with the Seminole County monitoring program by 9 a .m. every day or she could be written up as having an administrative positive drug test .
Sills said she starts calling in at 5:30 a.m. , but sometimes it has taken more than an hour to get through .
The drug - testing process is humiliating , she said , noting that she is required to expose private parts of her body on demand to workers so they can make sure she is n’t sneaking in a urine sample from outside .
Sills said she was strip - searched twice by female officers during two separate booking procedures following her arrest .
The first strip search occurred when Sills was booked into the Wewoka city jail the night she was arrested .
She said she was released on bail about 12 hours later .
A few days after that , Sills said , she received a call from the Seminole County sheriff ’s office informing her that she had n’t been booked properly and asking her if she would drive back to Wewoka so she could be fingerprinted and booked through the sheriff ’s office .
Upon arrival , Sills said she was booked , strip - searched and put in a holding cell for three hours before being released .
Brooks said the second trip would have been unnecessary if his employees had handled the first booking properly .
" We had a new person working who did n’t know the process , ” he said .
Seminole County Undersheriff Jesse Naputi said Sills should not have been strip - searched again when she came to the sheriff ’s office .
" I do n’t know why she would even have been patted down or searched at all , ” he said .
John Baker , the friend who initially bailed out Sills , said in addition to paying $ 2,000 bail , he had to pay a $ 25 booking fee and give Wewoka police $ 100 just to get a slip of paper so he could pay another $ 175 so he could get Sills ’ car released .
" It was handled badly , ” he said .
" It was a typical small - town deal .
...
It ’s just a good - old - boy society . ”
Is anyone surprised that Liz Cheney would find fault with Barack Obama honoring soldiers killed in action ?
I think that what President Bush used to do is do it without the cameras .
No , what Bush and Liz 's daddy , Dick " Five Deferments " Cheney used to do was to pretend the thousands of caskets that arrived at Dover Air Force base did n't exist .
If you ’re a wavering moderate who ’s concerned about the uninsured , then , whatever bill emerges from this month ’s negotiations might seem like an opportunity that wo n’t come round again .
But any legislators voting “ yes ” should have no illusions about what they ’re voting for .
This version of reform probably wo n’t make health care more affordable for most Americans , or place the system on firmer footing for the long run .
Despite all the talk about a once - in - a - generation opportunity , our political class will have barely finished congratulating itself before rising costs will force everyone back to the negotiating table to consider more radical approaches .
We know what one such approach would look like .
It ’s the eventual endgame that liberals pushing a “ public option ” are aiming for : a federal takeover of the health - insurance sector , paid for by rising tax rates , in which the government guarantees universal access while using its monopoly power to hold down costs .
But there ’s another path , equally radical , that ’s more in keeping with the traditional American approach to government , taxation and free enterprise .
This approach would give up on the costly goal of insuring everyone for everything , forever .
Instead , it would seek to insure Americans only against costs that exceed a certain percentage of their income , while expecting them to pay for everyday medical expenditures out of their own pockets .
Such a system would provide universal catastrophic health insurance , in other words , while creating a free market for non-catastrophic care .
In the process , it would marry a central conservative insight  that we ’ll never control spending so long as Americans are insulated from the true price of their medical care  to the admirable liberal premise that nobody should go bankrupt paying for life - saving treatment .
The details would vary depending on your political predilections .
Under the more free - market approach , championed by Harvard ’s Martin Feldstein , the government would provide vouchers for the purchase of private catastrophic plans .
Under a more liberal version , like the one sketched out by Berkeley ’s Brad DeLong , the government itself would act as the insurer .
And liberals and conservatives would no doubt disagree about where to set the income threshold , and what additional interventions to support .
The basic outline , though , could find support across the ideological spectrum .
The problem is finding champions in Washington , where the political incentives always cut against reforms that fundamentally disrupt the status quo .
DeLong called his vision “ an unrealistic , impractical , utopian plan . ”
For now , he ’s right .
But the system ca n’t continue as it is .
Soon , we ’ll need reforms that do disrupt the status quo  and a plan that seems unrealistic today might suddenly look like the only sustainable alternative .
EUs landbruksministre er sammenkalt til et ekstraordinært møte for å diskutere melkepolitikken i unionen .
Bakgrunnen er at Frankrike har kommet med interveneringsforslag for å takle krisen i egen meierisektor .
For lav pris
Rundt 1000 melkebønder fra Tyskland , Frankrike og andre EU - land protesterte utenfor hovedkvartet til Rådet for Den europeiske union i Belgias hovedstad Brussel , der EUs landbruksministre møttes i dag .
Samtidig har melkebønder samlet seg i flere andre europeiske byer med krav om tiltak .
Bråket startet da franske melkebønder bestemte seg for å legge ned både arbeid og jur i protest mot dårlige melkepriser .
I løpet av kort tid hadde misnøyen spredt seg også til andre byer .
Forslag
Både Frankrike og Tyskland har nå kommet med forslag om midlertidige tiltak som høyere overføringer på eksport av smør , melkepulver og ost .
Men om EUs landbruksministre kommer til enighet , og om dette kan mildne illsinte melkebønder , er fortsatt høyst usikkert .
Bøndene krever blant annet at EU - ledelsen kutter melkekvoter med 5 prosent for å øke prisene .
EU ble imidlertid allerede i 2003 enig om en utfasing av kvotesystemet innen mars 2015 .
Sveriges landbruksminister Eskil Erlandsson , som leder EU - møtet , er i tillegg av den oppfatning at løsningen ikke ligger hos landbruksministrene .
Han mener løsningen for bedre priser ligger hos de store matdistributørene som opererer mellom bøndene og supermarkedene .
Beating The Game , Missing The Journey ?
Removing the Focus on Challenges
Mitigating Failure
" Autopilot " Mode
Video games wo n't be as widely accepted as film unless we find ways to allow participation by those who do n't want to be challenged by their entertainment , and who do n't want to have to work to be entertained .
Chess masters not only play a lot of chess , they study the strategy and the standard openings , memorizing a vast number of lines of play .
They have to , in order to succeed .
When I was 15 years old , I was an avid board gamer , though not a regular chess player ; faced with the prospect of much more study , I " retired " from playing chess because , as I told people , it was " too much like work .
" Video games are at a crossroads .
Despite what the hardcore call " dumbing down " , many video games are " too much like work " for too many people .
If we 're to make video games as ubiquitous as movies , what can we do about this ?
Traditionally , video games have been challenge - based .
The idea was that the player , interacting with the computer , is entertained by learning how to overcome the challenges and , in the end , " beat the game . "
Playing such games , which might more accurately be called interactive puzzles where only one player is involved , is a learning experience .
Raph Koster , theorizing about fun in games , goes so far as to say that " Fun " is learning in a safe environment ( such as a video game ) .
People learn how to overcome the challenges in video games until they master the game .
This challenge / learning paradigm has helped video games become a common form of entertainment , yet as the size of the game - playing public expands , the challenges have been watered down to be acceptable to the additional players .
Hardcore gamer complaints that the gameis " too easy " , or thatis " for noobs " , are typical .
At some point , the challenge paradigm no longer works for the next group of potential players .
creator David Jaffe explained , " I do n't want to be challenged by my entertainment , here 's my 60 bucks , entertain me or go away .
Hardcore gamers want to be challenged and emerge as bad ass gamers , but that is n't fun for me . "
( This quote is highly expurgated . )
Yet my observation of gamers who boast about " beating the game " is that they often appear not to have enjoyed the journey -- that is , even for them , sometimes the game is more like work than fun .
Hardcore game players are accustomed to being challenged .
Viewers of movies , which are passive experiences , are rarely challenged .
Far more people watch movies than play video games .
Roughly speaking , a movie that grosses $ 200 million domestically is seen by more than 20 million Americans , and many more people in other countries , in a month or two , far outreaching the audience of the most successful video games .
That does n't count how many will watch the DVD or see it on television .
How can video games approach this kind of audience ?
What can video game designers do to accommodate those who do n't want to be challenged by their games , who may only be interested in the story they 're being told , who wo n't play games that are " too much like work " ?
One way is to offer an alternative to competitive " challenges " as the basis for a game .
Many definitions of " game " include the idea of challenges and player actions , but we already see successful " video games " that have removed the onus of " failure to compete . " andimmediately come to mind , and the former is one of the best - selling " video games " ever .
However , I 'm not suggesting that we need to abandon the challenge basis of games , I 'm just looking for ways to let those who " do n't like work " to participate in such games .
Early video games had no story to speak of , and to this day in many games the story is just an excuse to get to the action .
But many games include stories of sufficient interest to be praised for their own sake .
At some point a player may want to " ride along " and " see what happens " , to enjoy the story .
Can you do that with a video game ?
At this time , not without a lot of action that many people call work .
Should these folks instead be watching movies ?
Movies that resemble video games are often panned by film critics , but recently the well - known critic Roger Ebert said , about the movie Terminator Salvation , " It gives you all the pleasure of a video game without the bother of having to play it . "
( He gave it three stars out of four , quite a bit better than the Metacritic average -- this was not a criticism . )
Is a future of video games actually movies like this ?
Or can we enable video games to challenge those who like to be challenged , but accommodate those who just want to ride along ?
This requires us to find some way to either remove the disadvantage of failure from the game , or make failure less likely .
We see evidence of " easification " all over the video game map .
Some games now help you aim your gun , some automatically heal you when you save , and so forth .
" Bad-ass gamers " sneer at these features , but they 're there to allow people to do less " work " while playing the game .
MMOs likehave made playing much easier , much less challenging , in order to appeal to a larger group of players .
" Old - timers " complain , but you can't argue with the financial benefits to the publisher and studio .
We 've seen the effects of failure mitigated in video games for decades .
When you fail , ordinarily you " die " .
Older games gave you several " lives " , and ways to earn more , to let you avoid most of the disadvantages of " death " .
Newer games provide the ability to save a game , sometimes automatically , so that when you fail ( usually , " die " ) you can go back to the last save and continue .
In effect , you have unlimited " lives " .
In the newgame , instead of the prince dying when he screws up , he 's rescued by his magical companion , though this still takes him back to the last Save just as though he 'd died .
Yet it feels less " negative .
"
Even this failure , however , entails work , as a player must go through a part of the game he 's already traversed in order to reach the point where he failed .
Have n't we now reached a level of technology where we can have " constant saving " and you can decide where you want to continue from , so you do n't have to replay anything if you do n't want to ?
Games can do something like Photoshop and 3ds Max : Let a player hit the " undo " key ( usually Control - Z ) when he gets in trouble or fails , and go back a few actions , or a minute , or five minutes , whatever interval he chooses , to resume the game at a point before the failure .
Yes , it 'll take a lot of computing power .
Initially , the " constant undo " capability might extend back only to the second - newest save .
Nonetheless , if a game can record a movie of everything that is happening , as some games can , a player should be able to , in effect , rewind that movie to where you want to restart .
And we 've removed some of the work .
" Undo " will help reduce the tedium of game playing , but does n't do anything for the people who just are n't interested in being strongly challenged by a game .
For them we need an " autopilot " mode -- like Nintendo 's upcoming Demo Play feature .
When the player runs up against a challenge that is too hard , or that just does n't appeal , or the player 's having a slow day and just wants to watch , then the game should have an autopilot mode so that the player can watch the game overcome the challenge (s ) , and he then continues on to the next part .
When he feels like playing he can turn off autopilot and continue .
This is a true autopilot , not a tutorial , not a " show me how to do it " .
The game will actually play through the section and continue until the player wants to play further , from that point : he 'll not go back to that challenge unless he wants to .
If the " player " is more interested in watching than playing , the entire game can be played on autopilot .
In linear games this will work pretty well .
In " sandbox " games the player may still need to make a decision about which way to go or what choice to make at various points , and the autopilot can pause and let him choose .
But the primary purpose of autopilot will be to overcome specific challenges the player does n't want to deal with , rather than to play the entire game through .
So if I 'm playing a game with the kind of puzzles I despise , I can let the autopilot take over , then go on with the enjoyable parts of the game .
If a game has the occasional " twitch " section , I can let the game take care of it .
And those who are n't " real gamers " will enjoy " all the pleasure of a video game without the bother of having to play it .
" Those who like to do will still be able to play the game that way ; those who like to watch will also be able to play .
And the sales of video games will increase as the market broadens .
Someday , then , some best - selling video games might match the best - selling movies in audience size .
So we remove work from games , we remove " failure " from games .
The hardcore will be disgusted at such wimpiness , but we 've been working toward this in video games for decades , why not finish what we started ?
After all , they 're games , not tests of manhood ( or womanhood ) .
Face it , in the great scheme of things it does n't matter whether you took only four hours to " beat the game " .
It does n't matter whether you have 10,000 " achievement " points ( as if those " achievements " amount to anything in real - life terms ! ) .
It does n't matter that you 're a " bad-ass gamer " .
The " interactive " way is n't any " better " or more praiseworthy or more productive than the less interactive ways I 'm proposing .
People just want to enjoy video games , and we can offer more ways to enjoy them as computers become more and more powerful .
We 'll still have multi-sided games , where there are several human interests and the players write their own story , to challenge the hard core .
Good human players are harder to beat than mere computers .
As reported recently in The New York Times , as part of a project to understand how the brain learns , biologists at University of Oxford , England ‘ wrote ’ memories into the brain cells of fruit flies , to make them think they had a ‘ terrible experience ’ .
The memory trace was written by shining light into the fruit flies ’ brains and activating a special class of cells involved in learning .
What follows is the actual ‘ memory experience ’ given to two fruit flies named Zeke and Georgie …
In a University of Oxford laboratory at 11:10 P.M. , Zeke and Georgie fly around a semi-rotting banana , land , and enjoy a late night snack …
Zeke : Mmmmmm .
Rotting banana !
My favorite !
Georgie : Mine , too !
We ’re a couple of lucky guys , are n’t we , Zeke ?
Zeke : Right you are , Georgie !
Yum !
They dig in and eat their fill , then fly back to their little fruit fly beds and fall sound asleep , satiated and satisfied .
Now the scientists inlay the memory trace .
Zeke and Georgie then find themselves in the cockpit of a passenger jet as co-pilots , specifically Northwest Flight 188 bound for Minneapolis , Minnesota from San Diego , California .
Captain Zeke :
You set the autopilot ?
Captain Georgie : Yeah .
Just a few minutes ago .
Captain Zeke [ Checking over the instrument panel ] : Okay .
We ’re trim .
[ After a while into the flight : ]
Ho-hum .
Another flight , just sitting here .
Captain Georgie : Uh-huh .
Plane does all the work .
Captain Zeke : Right .
[ They look at each other ]
You bring your laptop ?
Captain Georgie : Yup .
You ?
Captain Zeke [ Excitedly ] :
You betcha !
They pull out their laptops and log in .
After a few minutes :
Captain Georgie : Fifty dollar Sit ‘n Go ?
Captain Zeke : Got it !
And … I ’m in !
Hurry up !
Captain Georgie : And … I ’m in , too !
[ Excitedly : ]
We ’re at the same table !
Captain Zeke [ Very excitedly : ] : Alright !
Dude !
They high five each other .
Captain Georgie : I ’m starting in the small blind , you ’re in the big !
Captain Zeke : Cool !
Captain Georgie : Okay , okay !
I ’ve got Queen - Ten unsuited –
Captain Zeke : I ’ve got garbage , a Three and a Five .
The table folds to Georgie .
Captain Georgie : Huh .
Table folded to me .
[ Pauses ]
I ’m all - in !
They laugh their heads off .
Captain Zeke : I ’m waiting to build suspense … what ’s he gonna do ?… everybody ’s wondering … and … folds !
They laugh some more .
Several hands go by and then :
Captain Georgie : Zeke !
I ’ve got a King high spade flush and this guy ’s betting into me !
Captain Zeke : Georgie !
I folded the Ace of Spades already so you ’ve got the nuts , buddy !
Captain Georgie : Ha - ha - ha - ha !
This guy ’s got no clue !
Ha - ha - ha !
Loser !!
I ’ll just check and … he raised me all - in !
‘ Captains ’ Zeke and Georgie laugh and laugh .
Georgie calls the all - in and knocks the player out of the game .
Captain Georgie : Whoo - hoo !!!
Oh yeah !
That ’s what I ’m talkin’ about , baby !
They high five each other again .
‘ Captains ’ Zeke and Georgie hoot and holler and high five each other as they continue to knock players out of the game until there ’s only four left …
Captain Zeke : Hey , Georgie ?
I do n’t know where I stand here .
Captain Georgie : I folded a Nine of Clubs and Five of Hearts , man .
Captain Zeke :
That does n’t help me .
Should I throw in a raise here or what ?
What do you think ?
A message comes over the plane ’s radio :
Radio : Flight 188 , this is Cincinnati Control .
What is your speed , heading , and altitude ?
Over .
Captain Georgie : Hm … he raised before the flop , right ?
And he ’s out of position so he may have a solid pair –
Captain Zeke : Yeah , or Big Slick , y’think ?
Captain Georgie : Yeah , for sure one or the other .
So he ’s hit his trips or he ’s got his straight –
Captain Zeke :
Or he ’s still drawing to either with the river to –
Another message comes over the radio :
Radio : Flight 188 , repeat , this is Cincinnati Control .
Do you read ?
Confirm .
What is your speed , heading , and altitude ?
Over .
Captain Georgie : Time , man .
You gotta bet here .
Find out what he ’s got .
Captain Zeke : Yeah , you ’re right .
I ’ll put in a continuation bet of three hundred .
If he–
Captain Georgie : Wow .
He did n’t hesitate to call you .
Captain Zeke : Shit .
I still do n’t know where I stand in this –
And yet another message comes over the radio :
Radio : Flight 188 , this is Cincinnati Control–
Captain Zeke :
Oh , for fuck ’s sake !!!
Turn that damn radio off !
[ Looks directly at the radio and yells : ]
I ’m trying to concentrate here !!!
[ To Georgie : ]
It ’s driving me crazy !
What ’s this guy got ???
Georgie turns the radio off .
Captain Georgie : I dunno , man .
You better show strength and bet .
He ’ll jump all over you if you show weakness now .
Man , are n’t those air traffic controllers a pain in the ass sometimes ?
Captain Zeke : I ’ll say !
Sometimes I just wanna– hey !
A Queen !
I hit my straight !!!
Captain Georgie : Beautiful !
Reel him in , baby !
Captain Zeke : Okay , okay , I ’ll just check here and then … he ’s all - in !
Sweet !!!
Let ’s see now … I ’ll just … call !
Zeke ’s straight beats his opponent ’s three of a kind .
Captain Georgie : Beautiful !
We ’re in the money , buddy !
Just three players left !
They high five each other again .
After a few more hands …
Captain Zeke : Yeah , man , just keep folding to his raises and raising all - in when he folds .
We ’ll split all the blinds and antes and starve him right out of the game !!
Captain Georgie : Candy from a baby , man !
Candy from a baby !
They laugh their heads off .
A few hands later , the opponent goes all - in before the flop …
Captain Georgie :
He ’s down to six big blinds , Zeke .
Y’think he ’s making a stand here ?
Captain Zeke : I ’ve got King - Queen suited .
You ?
Captain Georgie : Pair of Tens .
Captain Zeke : I ’ll fold .
You call his all - in .
Captain Georgie does just that .
The opponent reveals
Ace high and is knocked out of the game .
‘ Captains ’ Zeke and Georgie are positively schoolgirl giddy .
Captain Georgie :
We ’re heads up !!!
Captain Zeke [ Through their own giggling : ]
This is so great !
I ’ve got Eight - Seven suited .
You ?
[ Georgie does n’t answer ]
Georgie , what ’ve you got ?
[ Again he does n’t answer , but puts in a raise ]
What the hell are you doing , man ???
Captain Georgie :
We ’re heads up !
It ’s each man for himself now .
Captain Zeke :
Hey , I ’m the pilot and you ’re the co-pilot .
You do what I tell you !
Captain Georgie [ Raspberries him ] :
What are you gonna do , Zeke , report me to the F. A. A.? [ He snickers ]
Time !
Auto fold !
I win the pot !
Captain Zeke :
You dick !
You ’d do this for a lousy hundred and fifty bucks ?
Captain Georgie :
It ’s poker , man .
I ’m all - in !
Captain Zeke :
All what ???
What the– [ Zeke gets very flustered , though he has Ace - Eight ] .
Fine !
Call !
You fucking bastard !
Captain Georgie [ Reveals Ace - Nine ] : Gotcha covered .
Heh - heh …
Captain Zeke : Shutup !
Goddamn it !
Georgie outdraws Zeke and wins the tournament .
Captain Georgie [ Laughing ] : Oops .
Too bad so sad .
Captain Zeke :
You son of a bitch !!!
I ’m gonna fucking kill you , you little prick –
He slaps at ‘ Captain ’ Georgie , who slaps back at ‘ Captain ’ Zeke , and they continue this for a few seconds like they ’re in a Three Stooges routine .
Captain Georgie :
What ’s the matter with you , man ???
What was I supposed to do ???
Captain Zeke : Play a gentleman ’s game !!!
We share our cards and let the deals handle the winning and losing !
Asshole !
Captain Georgie : Asshole yourself !
Gentleman ’s game ???
We ’re colluding to win a lousy fifty dollar buy in Sit ‘n Go !!!
You moron !!!
Captain Zeke : Fuck you !!!
Captain Georgie : No , fuck you !!!
They sit and stew for a few minutes .
Then Zeke looks out the cockpit window .
Captain Georgie : Hey , is n’t that Lambeau Field down there ?
Captain Zeke : Lambeau Field ???
[ He looks ]
Oh damn !
We ’re over Wisconsin !!!
Captain Georgie : Wisconsin ???
Captain Zeke :
What time is it ?
We ’re supposed to have landed in Minneapolis half an hour ago !!!
Captain Georgie : Oh no !
Captain Zeke :
Way to go , you fucking genius !
Captain Georgie : Me ???
You ’re the pilot !
Captain Zeke : Look , we ’ll say we got lost in the… in the… pilot scheduling system or some crap like that .
Okay ?
Captain Georgie : Okay .
Captain Zeke : Fuck !!
Let ’s get this thing turned around !!
They turn the plane around .
Captain Georgie :
We ’re dead , Zeke !
They ’re going to squash us like we ’re a couple of bugs !
The memory trace ‘ nightmare ’ then comes to an end for the two fruit flies .
They ‘ wake up ’ and fly over to the semi-rotting banana for breakfast .
As they start to eat …
Zeke : Hey , Georgie ?
You okay ?
Georgie : No , man .
I… I feel … horrible .
Zeke : Me , too .
What happened ?
Georgie : I dunno .
I guess we… we just got carried away .
Zeke : Damn .
We ’re in a lot of trouble , you know .
Georgie : I know .
[ After a moment : ]
Hey , Zeke ?
You think they ’ll revoke our pilot licenses ?
Zeke : Yeah .
I do .
Oh God , we ’ll never fly jets again !
Zeke and Georgie both cry .
Georgie : But … but … we ’re fruit flies , are n’t we ?
Zeke :
Do n’t get all existential on me now , Georgie .
The F. A. A. ’s already all over our asses about this .
Georgie : Okay .
I ’m sorry , Zeke .
Zeke :
That ’s okay , Georgie .
Man , I ’m so depressed .
Georgie : Me , too .
Zeke :
You should never have raised me all - in like that .
Now look at the trouble we ’re in .
Rails 2.3.5 was released over the weekend which provides several bug - fixes and one security fix .
It should be fully compatible with all prior 2.3.x releases and can be easily upgraded to with “ gem update rails ” .
The most interesting bits can be summarized in three points .
Improved compatibility with Ruby 1.9
There were a few small bugs preventing full compatibility with Ruby 1.9 .
However , we would n’t be surprised you were already running Rails 2.3. X successfully before these bugs were fixed ( they were small ) .
RailsXss plugin availability
As you may have heard , in Rails 3 we are now automatically escaping all string content in erb ( where as before you needed to use “ h ( ) ” to escape ) .
If you want to have this functionality today you can install Koz ’s RailsXss plugin in Rails 2.3.5 .
Fixes for the Nokogiri backend for XmlMini
With Rails 2.3 we were given the ability to switch out the default XML parser from REXML to other faster parsers like Nokogiri .
There were a few issues with using Nokogiri which are now resolved , so if your application is parsing lots of xml you may want to switch to this faster XML parser .
And that ’s the gist of it
Feel free to browse through the commit history if you ’d like to see what else has been fixed ( but it ’s mostly small stuff ) .
There is much evidence that the Taliban are less a fundamentalist religious group dedicated to sponsoring al - Qaida in international jihad and more an amalgam of groups seeking to fight foreign occupation and reassert the traditional dominance of the Pashtun group , which has largely been ceded to Tajiks and others , despite Karzai himself being a Pashtun ( Brown will not walk away from fight but public support falters , November 6 ) .
In this sense , Nato has helped to promote a civil war as well as resistance to what is seen by many Afghans as imperialist aggression , particularly by Britain , which has invaded Afghanistan three times .
Britain , the US and Nato should get out of Afghanistan and a negotiated settlement be sought involving regional powers and the Taliban , who may not prove dedicated to continuing to support al - Qaida 's presence .
This is the only way .
Otherwise Nato will be forced to withdraw as Russia was only 20 years ago , after the death of 15,000 troops .
But terrorism cannot be properly fought by extra surveillance on the streets of Britain .
The only way is to convince Muslims that the west is not against them .
This must involve rapprochement with Iran and Syria , withdrawal from Iraq and above all a just settlement in Palestine .
Then we might be getting somewhere .
Peter Rowlands
Swansea
• The wars in Afghanistan and Vietnam , though arising from different causes , have developed striking similarities in management .
In both there was a decision to use a military invasion when other means were available .
In both , a puppet leader was installed .
In both the resistance to the military occupation was badly underestimated .
In both the reason for the occupation was flawed ( when Vietnam was finally lost to the communists , there was no domino effect on its neighbours , while the idea that our troops , by killing Afghans , are making the streets of Britain safer is unworthy of a reasoned rebuttal ) .
In both there occurred growing public pressure for withdrawal of our troops , eventually successful as regards the Vietnam war .
Harry Davis
Thames Ditton , Surrey
• It is encouraging that Kim Howells ( Comment , 4 November ) has broken ranks and questions the wisdom of government continuing to deploy troops in Afghanistan .
However , it does not follow that the money would be better spent on yet more intrusive surveillance of " certain communities " .
" Certain communities " in the UK are already the most intensively monitored in Europe , and there is no evidence that more of the same will make us safer .
Indeed , excessive surveillance , if conducted poorly and without respect for rights , will reinforce the very alienation that leads some young people towards political violence .
Rather than lobbying for more surveillance , the intelligence and security committee should oversee the spreading police and intelligence networks so they focus on those that intend harm while respecting rights of dissent .
Peter Gill
University of Liverpool
• Gordon Brown deserves our support over Afghanistan .
It is true that in the past western armies have failed there , but that does not necessarily mean that they will fail again .
The case for staying is complex , and it is easy to say that it would be cheaper simply to guard our own shores .
However this would not prevent a 9/11 type attack , planned and provided for in Afghanistan .
We must fight terrorism at its source , while defending at home .
Anthony Garrett
Falkland , Fife
• Josh Arnold - Foster ( Response , 6 November ) says people who " applaud our brave forces " also support the wars involved .
Support for " our boys ' does not imply acquiescence to the follies of our leaders , but often quite the reverse .
Christine Fincham
Winchester , Hampshire
• If we have any hopes of a peaceful Olympics in 2012 , we shall have to be out of Afghanistan long before .
Peter Moore
Newent , Gloucestershire
I do n’t want to go too deep down the Fort Hood Rabbit Hole Of Weirdness , so I ’m just going to get off my chest some of the incredibly weird shit that ’s being thrown around in the media to confuse us or throw us off .
It ’s looking pretty clearly like there ’s a cover - up in progress , and not a very professional cover - up either .
But the sad thing is that all the confusion and bullshit thrown our way will probably succeed in its goal of steering the public away from whatever it is the military does n’t want us to find out about the shooting massacre .
Anyway , here ’s my list of The Top Twelve Disinformation Tales to keep an eye on :
1 . A ridiculous story planted in London ’s Daily Telegraph makes Hasan out to be an old pal of the 9/11 terrorists .
The Telegraph also reported that a mysterious Arab - looking visitor came to Hasan ’s apartment 2 days before the shooting , like something out of a bad TV show :
“ It was very unusual because he had never had anyone round before .
He had long black hair and a moustache and a dark complexion . ”
Remember , this is the same Daily Telegraph that last month ran a fake story claiming that Iran ’s leader Ahmadinejad was born a Jew — a story that was quickly debunked as a disinformation plant .
The Telegraph has a history of false plants –like the 2003 article claiming they had discovered “ proof ” that Saddam Hussein trained up the 9/11 terrorists in Baghdad .
Nevertheless , it ’s working : now everyone from CBS to the Associated Press are reporting the Telegraph story , and the FBI is acting on the same tip , according to CBS .
2. NPR ran a story sourcing an unnamed Walter Reed psychiatrist ( again , unnamed ! ) who claimed to be a colleague of Hasan ’s painting a shocking portrait of a Muslim terrorist : supposedly Hasan went ballistic on his fellow students during a lecture that was supposed to be about medical issues .
Instead , according to NPR :
The psychiatrist says that [ Hasan ] was very proud and upfront about being Muslim .
And psychiatrist hastened to say , and nobody minded that .
But he seemed almost belligerent about being Muslim , and he gave a lecture one day that really freaked a lot of doctors out .
… dozens of medical staff come into an auditorium , and somebody stands at the podium at the front and gives a lecture about some academic issue , you know , what drugs to prescribe for what condition .
But instead of that , he – Hasan apparently gave a long lecture on the Koran and talked about how if you do n’t believe , you are condemned to hell .
Your head is cut off .
You ’re set on fire .
Burning oil is burned down your throat .
Then the NPR report said that Hasan ’s Walter Reed colleagues were told not to talk to anyone anymore , especially the FBI :
ZWERDLING : I want to add something else about Hasan at Walter Reed .
The psychiatrist I talked to today said that he was the kind of guy who the staff actually stood around in the hallway , saying :
Do you think he ’s a terrorist , or is he just weird ?
And now , apparently , Walter Reed is in a lockdown mode where they ’ve been instructed – all the staff has been instructed :
Do not talk to anybody about this investigation , except military people .
Do not talk to the FBI , because they ’re afraid , potentially , what if people decide investigating this that people missed potential warning signs about the guy ?
You know , this is speculation still , butï¿½ INSKEEP : How can they not talk to the FBI ?
ZWERDLING : Well , our colleague Dina Temple - Raston has heard that from the FBI , and this military officer is telling me the same thing from Walter Reed .
INSKEEP : OK .
Gentlemen , thanks very much .
NPR ’s Daniel Zwerdling and Tom Gjelten .
Thanks to you both .
No - no - no , thank you , NPR , for not pursuing that giant screaming WHAT THE FUCK red - flag there .
Then again , let ’s not forget how the military got busted back in 2000 for planting PSYOPS agents trained in propaganda on NPR ’s news staff :
The first intern at NPR rotated among newsmagazines from September to November 1998 .
The other two worked for Talk of the Nation , one from January to February 1999 , the other from March to May 1999 .
NPR and Withington would not identify the interns or allow them to be interviewed for this article .
All of the interns were non-commissioned U.S. Army officers from the 4th Psychological Operations Group based at Ft. Bragg , N.C. PSYOP overtly disseminates information supporting U.S. goals and policy to other countries .
For example , the unit has placed signs in Colombian airports discouraging drug smuggling .
“ In civilian terms , it ’s like working in an ad agency or a public relations firm , ” Withington says .
The Army began to arrange the internships through NPR ’s human resources office in February 1998 , according to Withington .
NPR spokeswoman Jess Sarmiento says the human resources department , including Vice President for Human Resources Kathleen Jackson , knew the interns worked for PSYOP when it hired them , but thought news staffers had okayed the plan .
Dvorkin says he was n’t aware the interns were from PSYOP until a few weeks ago .
It ’s possible that the interns ’ immediate supervisors knew , but Sarmiento says the PSYOP tie was news to a higher - up , whom she would not name , who learned of it only near the end of the third intern ’s stint .
And Dvorkin says he was n’t aware the interns were from PSYOP until a few weeks ago .
3 . The FBI claims that they were monitoring Hasan ever since they supposedly caught him praising suicide bombers 6 months ago .
Yet they did nothing .
Sen .
Kay Bailey Hutchinson explained why , using the same excuse Condi Rice used after 9/11 :
“ I do n’t think that anyone would have ever expected a psychiatrist trained to help others ’ mental health would be the one who would go off himself , unless there ’s more to it , and that ’s what they ’re looking for . ”
Indeed .
But the story changes … because today , the FBI is saying that actually they had it wrong about his blogging for suicide bombers , and in fact they have no evidence Hasan communicated with jihadist sites , except that he may have visited them online :
( CBS ) A preliminary review of the computer of Maj .
Nidal Malik Hasan , the accused shooter in Thursday ’s rampage at Fort Hood in which 13 people were killed , has revealed no evidence of any connection to terror groups or conspirators , according to law enforcement officials .
4 . In spite of all of this in - your - face evidence that Hasan was the craziest jihadist this side of the Jordan River , and in spite of all of the gazillions of officers and colonels and colleagues going on the air saying that Hasan ’s radical Islamic extremism troubled them , nonetheless , according to the New York Times , “ officials were not prepared to say whether the attack was the act of a lone and troubled man or connected to terrorist groups , foreign or domestic . ”
Hutchinson added yesterday in the same article ,
Ms. Hutchison said in remarks at the base that while Major Hasan was the only one who had opened fire , it was still unclear whether he had planned the attack alone .
“ That is a question still to be asked , ” Ms. Hutchison said .
5 . While they ’re hush on that , they sure were gabbing like cokefiends during and after the shootings about supposedly 3 shooters in military garb firing M16s .
Or that the Hasan was killed , and later survived and was in stable condition , then later it turned out he was in a coma , and so on .
The stories were always specific yet unsourced –suggesting something more than mere confusion of the moment .
Take for example this detail - packed story planted on a CNN correspondent :
A senior officer who was playing golf Thursday near Fort Hood , Texas , told CNN he witnessed the arrest of one of the two surviving suspects of the shooting at the Army installation .
Shortly after the shooting , the officer said , military police told him to clear the course and he saw other MPs surround the building that held the golf carts , he said .
The senior officer said he ducked into a nearby house for cover as 30 to 40 cars carrying MPs approached .
He said he saw a soldier in battle - dress uniform , his hands in the air .
The MPs ordered him to lie on the ground and open his uniform , presumably to ensure he was not carrying explosives , the senior officer said .
He said an MP told him that authorities considered the man to be a suspect in the shootings after having overheard the man say he was with the shooter .
6 . The media was quick to report that no one died in friendly fire .
End of story .
And we know it ’s true because the same local police who might have killed soldiers conducted ballistics tests on the scene , and amazingly enough , they cleared themselves .
Also , what happened to earlier reports that at least some police on Fort Hood ’s base were civilian contractors ?
Like this report in USA Today :
Update at 7:08 p.m. ET : CNN reports that Hasan was 39 , licensed in Virginia and had worked at Walter Reed Army Medical Center before practicing at Darnall Army Medical Center at Fort Hood .
Besides Hasan , the dead include 10 soldiers and a civilian police officer working on the base as a contractor .
7 . The strange story that Hasan was part of a Washington task force to offer advice to incoming - President Obama .
I do n’t care what anyone says , it does look weird .
Righties twisted it to prove that Hasan was a close advisor to the Islamofascist Barack Obama ; but liberals squealed that just because Hasan was on a task force , does n’t mean diddley .
Um , yes it does –if you do n’t think it ’s odd , you should n’t be in this business .
Jesus Christ , how can anyone not think it ’s weird , especially when they ’re painting a portrait of Hasan as at the peak of his fanatical Islamofascism , screaming in lectures about beheading infidels ?
The real question is , what the fuck was he doing there ???
8. Supposedly Hasan would walk around public in full Muslim garb , like when he visited the convenience store the morning of the shooting , which was conveniently caught on camera … but he ’d wear his military garb in mosque .
Also , note how the media quickly got used to using a black - and - white photo of Hasan , even though there are plenty of color photos including color versions of the same b/w photo .
The b/w photo instantly recalls the 9/11 suspects ’ photos .
Here , take a look :
Exhibit A : What sort of terrorist is this , I ask you !?
He looks downright nice , I tell ya !
Next !
Exhibit B : H’m , we can definitely do something with this …
Exhibit C : Just take the photo above , click the “ black - and - white ” button , add a bit of blurriness to make it nice ‘n terroristy , then place it next to colorized Americans , and voila !
Folks , I think we got ourselves a terrorist , would n’t you agree ?
Exhibit D : Oh yeah , no doubt about it , folks , this guy puts the “ error ” in “ terrorist ” :
Exhibit E : Okay , now that we ’ve got that established , we can run a few blurry CCTV color shots of Hasan dressed up in his Halloween Islamofascist costume :
Voila !
That was n’t so hard , was it ?
9 . Why is no one following up on reports that Hasan was serving in the military all the way back in 1989 , when he attended Barstow community college in the California desert–meaning he was in the military for at least 20 years .
Here ’s one local report from the Victorville Daily Press :
College records also show that Hasan , who would have been 19 - or 20 - years - old at the time , was A private first class or below while attending Barstow College .
Hasan ’s residential address zip code also indicated that he was living on post , according to Stokes .
Fort Irwin officials have not yet been able to confirm whether Hasan was stationed at the fort at that time , according to spokesman Etric Smith .
Smith said that Army records show that Hasan became an active duty soldier in 1997 and said fort officials could not account for the discrepancy at the time .
They also reported he was a straight - A “ model student ” which conflicts with the portrait of the slacker terrorist who took scholarship money from the gullible US government .
10 . Hasan was a psychiatrist .
It could mean not just that he was studying treatment and therapy , as they say ; but also , as we learned about military psychologists , Hasan could have been in a program involving interrogation and torture .
Just sayin’ .
Think how the military and intelligence might best want to use an asset like Hasan : an Arab and a Muslim with training in psychiatry , and a trail of Muslim - fanatic credentials that for some strange reason never got him in trouble .
I could think of a lot of ways a guy like this could be useful in a theater of war , or in trying to capture terrorists .
11 . If Hasan was in Al Qaeda and his goal was all along to attack Americans , why did he fight so hard to get out of going to Iraq and make such a loud stink about his sympathies with suicide bombers ?
Why would hire lawyer and even offer to pay to get out of the service ?
As we know with the 9/11 terrorists , the whole point of being a sleeper terrorist is to pretend you ’re more American than the red- blooded Americans : go to casinos and strip bars , drink all the liquor you can in everyone ’s sight , etc. Obviously Army knew he was unhappy , and they knew that he was a crazy Muslim .
Were they really too dumb to put two and two together , or did they know and use him or dangle him in some way ?
12 . If you wanted to conduct a fake investigation , who better to head it up than neocon tool Joe Lieberman ?
Lieberman already showed his impartiality and determination to get to the truth by declaring on television that Hasan is a “ home - grown terrorist . ”
Keep in mind that there could be all sorts of reasons why they ’d want to cover it up .
For example , if this was a “ going postal ” workplace shooting , which I still lean towards , that ’s as good a reason as any for government officials to throw together a half - assed cover - up … because they ’re covering their own asses .
A perfect example of a police coverup of a shooting massacre is what happened after Columbine .
The coverup was so crude families of victims eventually filed lawsuits , as this 2002 article explains :
( AP ) The families of five slain Columbine students asked that a federal grand jury investigate their claims that authorities have covered up evidence that one student was killed by police .
“ Lies have been told , beyond any doubt , ” family attorney Barry Arrington said after he submitted his request to the U.S. Attorney ’s Office on Tuesday .
“ The only issue is , why are they lying ? ”
The families claim an officer accidentally shot 15 - year - old Daniel Rohrbough as he fled the school during the April 20 , 1999 , massacre .
Rohrbough ’s father , Brian , claims Denver police Sgt. Dan O’Shea told a school administrator he feared he might have shot a student , and that a sheriff ’s deputy saw the shooting .
Like I said , a lot of reasons to cover up , and a lot of lies and disinformation .
Read Mark Ames first article on the Fort Hood massacre in Alternet .
Read Mark Ames article on the Orlando shooting published Saturday in the Daily Beast .
Mark Ames is the author of Going Postal : Rage , Murder and Rebellion from Reagan ’s Workplaces to Clinton ’s Columbine .
Click the cover & buy the book !
http://blip.tv/play/g8sRga3gOQI%2Em4v
I visit a lot of startups , the video here is of Posterous , a company that is doing it right .
Usually you can tell immediately whether a startup is really run well ( which Posterous is ) .
You ’ll have your own ability to “ smell ” real startups when you go on the Startup Crawl in SF on November 20 .
Start the video to listen to Posterous ’s founders and then compare them to your favorite startup .
Can you see the difference ?
Here ’s some things that startups that are n’t run well do :
1 . Have plush offices in the most expensive part of town .
Come on , who are you fooling ?
You are burning someone else ’s money and you are n’t spending it like it ’s your own .
2 . You ca n’t tell me what you do in a single Tweet .
See that super complicated Toyota Prius in my driveway ?
It gets better mileage than your car .
If you ca n’t explain why your product is better , the way I just did with the Toyota Prius , in a short space or time on the phone you wo n’t make it .
3 . If I look around and do n’t see programmers .
I can smell programmers .
A good company is full of them .
Posterous , for instance , has ONLY programmers .
FriendFeed had something like 13 programmers and one other person .
Great ratio .
4 . You hire a PR firm .
Now this one is dangerous , but the best companies have let their customers do the talking for them .
At Rackspace , for instance , they worked to stay out of the public eye and worked on building the best service organization web hosting had ever seen .
The best companies , when small , have just gotten good at telling their stories .
I still remember when Stewart Butterfield showed me Flickr .
He did n’t have any PR flacks with him .
Now , maybe a PR company was helping them behind the scenes or to take care of leads and all the other stuff that goes with building a company but it was n’t the first interaction I had with the company .
Nothing like having a CEO or CTO just show you the product and explain why it ’s better .
4b : you do n’t have a blog and a Twitter account .
Even worse if you have a PR firm and you do n’t have both of those things .
5 . They spend money on the wrong things .
I ’ve been in more than one startup that had bad chairs and small screens for their engineers but they had an expensive coffee machine .
Let me make this clear : you have 18 months to build your business .
You have figured out how to get some programmers to work with you .
Make them as absolutely productive as they can be .
Buy them a decent chair and get them at least two large screen high res monitors with fast computers .
Remember SOASTA ?
Every engineer had a 30 - inch monitor both at home and at work along with a MacPro ( you can see one of those monitors in the interview I did with them ) .
That was a HUGE recruiting tool and I think it was key in helping them keep their best people and , hey , I hear they are doing well .
6 . ( This should be # 1 ) They do n’t fire fast enough .
I ’ll be honest , at Podtech me and another guy were pulling the company in different directions .
John should have fired one of us .
He did n’t .
The story got muddled .
The rest is history .
( In those situations it does n’t really matter who is right , either , you gotta pick one direction and go with it , startups do n’t have enough resources to try out two directions ) .
I ’ve seen lots of other startups be slow to fire people who were n’t pulling their weight .
Always bad because the best people get pissed and / or leave .
Again , you need to have everyone pulling with all their weight in one direction .
If that is n’t happening the startup probably is n’t firing people fast enough .
7 . You picked the wrong infrastructure .
I ’ll let you read into that what you want because I ’m biased here ( I’m a Rackspace Web Hosting employee ) , but ask great startups and you ’ll hear some common themes here .
8 . You let VCs control your management team and strategy too early .
There ’s lots of advice out on the Internet about this one , so I ’ll leave it for you to figure out .
But your early decisions will have big leverage on your company later .
Hire the wrong management team and your company wo n’t make it to the B-round .
I ’m not experienced enough to give good advice here , but I ’ve seen what happens up front .
I remember meeting one CEO of one company that was just , well , let ’s say clueless .
How did he get hired ?
The VCs put him in .
9 . You have a too cool name and logo .
Oh , OK , this is n’t a worst thing , but companies spend too much time worrying about them ( it ’s a sign that you have too much money before you even have a company and customers , which is a bad sign ) .
That said , I just interviewed a company named rrripple .
Now if you end up with a name like that maybe you should spend at least 20 more minutes thinking through your name !
( Sorry Rrripple ) .
10 .
You say yes too often , particularly in engineering decisions .
Look at Posterous ( the video embedded on this blog ) .
They have a blog publishing tool .
But are their comments threaded ?
No .
Will they be eventually ?
Yes !
Why did n’t they do them threaded up front ?
Because they set priorities on other things that mattered more .
That ’s actually a good sign for a startup : if you have only four engineers you ca n’t do everything .
If there ’s one thing I like about Evan Williams , founder of Blogger and Twitter , is that he does n’t try to do it all .
In fact he prides himself on NOT doing things .
It takes great leadership to say “ no , Scoble , you ca n’t have more than 500 members on a list . ”
11 . Startups pick old technology because it ’s familiar .
You ’re a startup , you should be picking the best of breed for everything you do .
If you are using Microsoft Office “ just because ” then you are making a mistake .
Have you considered Jive , SocialText , Zoho , Google Docs and Spreadsheets and Wave before making your choices ?
Have you really looked at ways to make your small company more productive ?
Or you just going with the same stuff your dad ’s company used ?
12 . You do n’t change direction fast enough .
Every startup should be looking at its direction every month or so .
Are things going according to plan ?
If not , fix them .
But sometimes you just made bad assumptions about what the market would want from you .
That ’s OK !
But do n’t take a year to change directions , change quickly and you ’ll have a chance to save the company .
What other mistakes do you see startups make ?
Aside , if you work for a startup , I ’d love to know the tools you are using for a list I ’m keeping that I call “ weapons for entrepreneurs . ”
I would love to know what tools / companies you ’re using to outrun everyone .
( Natural News ) Women who use hormone replacement therapy ( HRT ) may increase not just their risk of breast cancer but also of ovarian cancer , even when they remain on the drugs fewer than four years , according to a study published in the In 2002 , the landmark Women 's Health Initiative study was prematurely halted when researchers discovered that HRT drastically increased patients ' risk of breast cancer , to an extent that continuing the experiment was no longer ethical .
Since then , HRT has fallen out of favor as a way to avoid the symptoms of menopause , and breast cancer rates have dropped correspondingly .
Prior research also showed that long - term use of HRT might increase a woman 's risk of ovarian cancer , but suggested that the risk only developed after long - term use .
In the current study , researchers examined the medical records of nearly all Danish women between the ages of 50 and 79 , or 909,946 , between the years of 1995 and 2005 .
They found that current users of HRT had a 38 percent higher risk of developing ovarian cancer than women who had never used HRT , and a 44 percent higher risk of developing epithelial ovarian cancer , the most common form of the disease .
This would translate into one extra case of ovarian cancer for every 8,300 women taking HRT.HRT was responsible for one in 20 ovarian cancer cases in Denmark during the study period , the researchers said .
The new study does not change the recommendations for HRT , the researchers noted .
" The bottom line is , we 're already telling women , ' Do n't use it , ' " said Debbie Saslow of the American Cancer Society , who was not involved in the study .
" If you need to use it , use it for the lowest dose and the shortest amount of time , but try not to use it .
" Many women seeking to avoid the symptoms of menopause but frightened of HRT are now turning to products marketed as " bio-identical hormones , " derived from plant ingredients instead of from animal hormones .
Saslow warned that there is no evidence that these therapies are any safer than conventional HRT , however .
Sources for this story include : edition.cnn.com .
This year 's updated 19 - minute video is being shown in 3 - D on the video wall .
Comcast , the cable giant with the tallest building between New York and Chicago , has ordered 100,000 3 - D glasses and they will be distributed free by folks in white gloves and red satchels .
Anybody , including passersby , who would like to watch the video show gets a pair - and it's recommended that viewers use them .
Generally , when someone makes a teddy gadget , his / her intention is to overwhelm bystanders with cuteness .
But whoever created this little guy , whose head has to be removed in order to access the internal USB drive , must have watched one too many Tim Burton movies .
No word on how much it holds or if there are any plans to make these available for purchase , but with your own bear , a thumb drive , some thread and a closet full of skeletons , you can probably make your own without too much effort .
