Mickey Kaus :
What we 're witnessing , I think , is the death of a media paradigm that we lived with comfortably for , oh , the last year or two .
And John Edwards is to blame !...
The avalanche of questions to which [ Steve ] Schmidt is being subjected -- and his discomfort -- suggests that the MSM is in the process of shifting to a new role , in which it aggressively investigates and discusses rumors rather than waiting for the industrious blogosphere to force its hand .
Industrious ?
Moi ?
The difference between the Edwards story and the Palin story is that when the Edwards story gained traction , Edwards was already out of the race .
All the talk about Palin has risen to the surface because of the terrifying thought that she could technically be president next January and we only have two months to find out who on earth she is .
And Edwards was a national figure and former vice - presidential candidate .
Palin has been several time zones away in the Alaskan wilderness .
But the combo of the Enquirer 's Edwards cred and the astonishing rumors - new and old - that are percolating about Palin makes one realize that the GOP establishment has just decided to double - down on a massive gamble .
God help them .
And the Palins .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
LONDON ( MarketWatch ) -- Germany 's finance minister on Thursday laid the blame for the global banking crisis on the Anglo - American free - market model 's quest for ever - higher near - term profits , predicting the United States would soon lose its role as the world 's dominant financial power .
" The U.S. will lose its status as the superpower of the global financial system , not abruptly but it will erode , " Finance Minister Peer Steinbrueck told the lower house of Germany 's parliament in Berlin , according to published reports .
" The global financial system will become more multi-polar . "
Above picture was shamelessly stolen from : http://computer-history.info/Page4.dir/pages/IBM.7030.Stretch.dir/
In this blog post I ’m going to follow suit on my threading models post ( here ) and talk about different types of I/O , how they work , and when you might want to consider using them .
Much like with threading models , I / O models have terminology which can be confusing .
The confusion leads to misconceptions which will hopefully be cleared up here .
Let ’s start first by going over some operating system basics .
System Calls
A system call is a common interface which allows user applications and the operating system kernel to interact with one another .
Some familiar functions which are system calls : open ( ) , read ( ) , and write ( ) .
These are system calls which ask the kernel to do I/O on behalf of the user process .
There is a cost associated with making system calls .
In Linux , system calls are implemented via a software interrupt which causes a privilege level change in the processor – this switch from user to kernel mode is commonly called a context - switch .
User applications typically execute at the most restricted privilege level available where interaction with I/O devices ( and other stuff ) is not allowed .
As a result user applications use system calls to get the kernel to complete privileged I/O ( and other ) operations .
Synchronous blocking I/
O
This is the most familiar and most common type of I / O out there .
When an I/ O operation is initiated in this model ( maybe by calling a system call such as read ( ) , write ( ) , ioctl ( ) , … ) , the user application making the system call is put into a waiting state by the kernel .
The application sleeps until the I/O operation has completed ( or has generated an error ) at which point it is scheduled to run again .
Data is transferred from the device to memory and possibly into another buffer for the user - land application .
Pros :
Easy to use and well understood
Ubiquitous
Cons :
Does not maximize I/O throughput
Causes all threads in a process to block if that process uses green threads
This method of I/ O is very straight forward and simple to use , but it has many downsides .
In a previous post about threading models , I mentioned that doing blocking I/ O in a green thread causes all green threads to stop executing until the I/O operation has completed .
This happens because there is only one kernel context which can scheduled , so that context is put into a waiting state in the kernel until the I/O has been copied to the user buffer and the process can run again .
Synchronous non-blocking I/
O
This model of I/O is not very well known compared to other models .
This is good because this model is n’t very useful .
In this model , a file descriptor is created via open ( ) , but a flag is passed in ( O_NONBLOCK on most Linux kernels ) to tell the kernel :
If data is not available immediately , do not put me to sleep .
Instead let me know so I can go on with my life .
I ’ll try back later .
Pros :
If no I/ O is available other work can be completed in the meantime
When I/O is available , is does not block the thread ( even models with green threads )
Cons :
Does not maximize I/O throughput for the application
Lots of system call overhead – constantly making system calls to see if I/O is ready
Can be high latency if I / O arrives and a system call is not made for a while
This model of I/O is typically very inefficient because the I/O system call made by the application may return EAGAIN or EWOULDBLOCK repeatedly .
The application can either :
wait around for the data to finish ( repeatedly calling its I /O system call over and over ) — or
try to do other work for a bit , and retry the I/ O system call later
At some point the I/O will either return an error or it will be able to complete .
If this type of I/ O is used in a system with green threads , the entire process is not blocked but the efficiency is very poor due to the constant polling with system calls from user - land .
Each time a system call is invoked a privelege level change occurs on the processor and the execution state of the application has to be saved out to memory ( or disk ! ) so that the kernel can execute .
Asynchronous blocking I/
O
This model of I/O is much more well known .
In fact , this is how Ruby implements I / O for its green threads .
In this model , non-blocking file descriptors are created ( similar to the previous model ) and they monitored by calling either select ( ) or poll ( ) .
The system call to select ( ) / poll ( ) blocks the process ( the process is put into a sleeping state in the kernel ) and the system call returns when either an error has occurred or when the file descriptors are ready to be read from or written to .
Pros :
When I/O is available is does not block
Lots of I/O can be issued to execute in parallel
Notifications occur when one or more file descriptors are ready ( helps to improve I /O throughput )
Cons :
Calling select ( ) , poll ( ) , or epoll_wait ( ) blocks the calling thread ( entire application if using green threads )
Lots of file descriptors for I/O means lots that have to be checked ( can be avoided with epoll )
What is important to note here is that more than one file descriptor can be monitored and when select / poll returns , more than one of the file descriptors may be able to do non-blocking I/O .
This is great because it increases the application ’s I / O throughput by allowing many I /O operations to occur in parallel .
Of course there are two main drawbacks of using this model :
select ( ) / poll ( ) block – so if they are used in a system with green threads , all the threads are put to sleep while these system calls are executing .
You must check the entire set of file descriptors to determine which are ready .
This can be bad if you have a lot of file descriptors , because you can potentially spend a lot of time checking file descriptors which are n’t ready ( epoll ( ) fixes this problem ) .
This model is important for all you Ruby programmers out there — this is the type of I/O that Ruby uses internally .
The calls to select cause Ruby to block while they are being executed .
There are some work - arounds though :
Timeouts – select ( ) and poll ( ) let you set timeouts so your app does n’t have to sleep endlessly if there is no I/ O to process – it can continue executing other code in the meantime .
This what Ruby does .
epoll ( ) ( or kqueue on bsd ) - epoll ( ) allows you to register a set of file descriptors you are interested in .
You then make blocking epoll_wait calls ( they accept timeouts ) which will return only the file descriptors which are ready for I/O .
This allows you to avoid searching through all your file descriptors every time .
At the very least you should set a timeout so that you can do other work if no I /O is ready .
If possible though , use epoll ( ) .
Asynchronous non-blocking I/
O
This is probably the least widely known model of I / O out there .
This model of io is implemented via the libaio library in Linux .
In this I /O model , you can initiate I /O using aio_read ( ) , aio_write ( ) , and a few others .
Before using these functions , you must set up a struct aiocb including fields which indicate how you ’d like to get notifications and where the data can be read from or written to .
Notifications can be delivered in a couple different ways :
Signal – a SIGIO is delivered to the process when the I/O has completed
Callback – a callback function is called when the I/O has completed
Pros :
Helps maximize I/ O throughput by allowing lots of I/O to issued in parallel
Allows application to continue processing while I/O is executing , callback or POSIX signal when done
Cons :
Wrapper for libaio may not exist for your programming environment
Network I / O may not be supported
This method of I/ O is really awesome because it does not block the calling application and allows multiple I/O operations to executed in parallel which increases the I/O throughput of the application .
The downsides to using libaio are :
Wrapper may not exist for your favorite programming language .
Unclear whether libaio supports network I/ O on all systems — may only support disk I/O .
When this happens , the library falls back to using normal synchronous blocking I/O .
You should try out this I/ O model if your programming environment has support for it and it either has support for network I / O or you do n’t need it .
Conclusion
In conclusion , you should use synchronous blocking I/ O when you are writing small apps which wo n’t see much traffic .
For more intense applications , you should definitely use one of the two asynchronous models .
If possible , avoid synchronous non-blocking I / O at all costs .
Remember that the goal is to increase I/O throughput to scale your application to withstand thousands of requests per second .
Doing any sort of blocking I/O in your application can ( depending on threading model ) cause your entire application to block , increasing latency and slowing the user experience to a crawl .
This article is from the November / December 2008 issue of Dollars & Sense : The Magazine of Economic Justice available at http://www.dollarsandsense.org
This article is from the November / December 2008 issue of Dollars & Sense magazine .
Dear Dr. Dollar :
Is n’t the “ bailout ” of Wall Street like having a rotten tooth extracted ?
The extraction is very unpleasant , but it beats the alternative .
Even if the dentist charges an unreasonably high fee , I am still going to pay and have the job done .
Later I will worry about taking better care of my teeth .
So should n’t people quit complaining about the bailout , suck it up , and get the job done ?
— Peter Wagner , Weston , Mass .
I do like thinking about the mess in the financial markets as a “ rotten tooth , ” for something is certainly “ rotten ” in the current situation .
And there is a way in which the analogy is useful : just as we are heavily dependent on the dentist to deal with our teeth , we are heavily dependent on the banks and other financial institutions for the operation of our economy .
But if we are going to use the dentist - finance analogy , we need to take it a bit further .
In particular , if the dentist who tells me I need my tooth yanked out in an emergency extraction is the same dentist who for years has been telling me that my teeth are fine , then I get suspicious .
This dentist has been making money from me all along , and now , when the crisis of a rotten tooth emerges , the dentist stands to make more money while I incur the pain .
The situation is similar to the bailout of the financial system : the banks keep their profits in good times , but the losses are imposed on the rest of us in bad times .
At the very least , when the people responsible for a problem — dentists or bankers — tell me to solve the problem in a way that benefits them , I want to get a second opinion , figure out the options , and proceed with caution .
As we have been learning in recent weeks , there is more than one option for dealing with the “ rotten tooth . “
In part because of public pressure ( i.e. , complaining ) , the Treasury shifted away from its initial plan to buy up the bad assets in the financial system and is now taking partial ownership of the banks by providing them with capital .
Not only is the second plan more likely to work ( in the sense of preventing a breakdown of the financial system ) , but it is also more likely to cost the rest of us less over the long run ( because as the banks recover and start to earn profits , the government will share in those profits ) .
There are other options that the U.S. government might follow as well .
For example , the main reason we care about what happens to the banks is that their failures could spread to the rest of us , causing a severe depression .
But instead of working simply from the top down , the U.S. government would do well to work from the bottom up — by focusing on the problems of people losing their homes due to foreclosures and by providing a large economic stimulus program through spending on schools , infrastructure , health care , and other real economic needs .
And , just as with my tooth , if the problem really did arise because of the bad practices of those who were supposed to take care of the situation ( was n’t this the dentist who had been telling me all was well ? ) , then we should give some immediate attention to proper regulation .
The current financial crisis could have been avoided but for the deregulation craze of recent decades .
Fixing the deregulation disaster should not be put off to the distant future .
Regulation is not a panacea .
There can certainly be bad regulations , sometimes brought about by the firms themselves in an effort to use regulation to secure their power and profits .
Establishing good regulations is a constant battle , as the large firms devote huge amounts of their resources to get deregulation or to shape regulation in their favor .
Yet without regulation , markets — especially financial markets — are prone to instability , and at times that instability can have severe impacts on the rest of us .
While the dentist analogy may be incomplete , it does bring out a very important point .
Because we are excessively dependent on the operations of a relatively small number of very large firms , when they get in trouble , we can be forced to bail them out .
Not a good situation .
Indeed , the situation is made worse as the current crisis is leading to more consolidation of the banking industry ; with the encouragement of the Federal Reserve and the Treasury , big banks are being taken over by even bigger banks .
At the very least , if we are going to allow some firms to become “ too big to fail , ” then we would do well to watch them pretty carefully — that is , to regulate them and thus do all we can to prevent them from operating in ways that put us all at risk .
[ Full disclosure : Last month I had a tooth extracted and it was n’t all that bad — certainly not as painful as the current Wall Street bailout !
— A.M. ]
Arthur MacEwan is professor emeritus of economics at the University of Massachusetts Boston and a Dollars & Sense Associate .
Did you find this article useful ?
Please consider supporting our work by donating or subscribing .
« Back to Ask Dr. Dollar
Associated Press reported that the FDIC was down to $ US45.2 billion ( $ A57 billion ) - the lowest level since 2003 .
Whalen then wrote that reports the FDIC was running out of cash had no basis .
His statement said : " It is essential that people realise the US Treasury will advance whatever cash is needed by FDIC to address bank failures and make good the deposit insurance guarantee .
There is no issue regarding the bank insurance fund , but unfortunately most of the public do not understand this .
The FDIC needs to make this clear in all of its public statements . "
IRA has been constantly in contact with the FDIC and other regulators and knows more about this situation , I would suggest , than the US Government .
The situation may not have been helped by a report from American Banker concerning the deal by Bank of America , the FDIC 's biggest customer , with 10 % of the nation 's deposits , to take over Merrill Lynch saying " it is unclear how much that acquisition would increase B of A's risk profile " .
It is an intricate game , with the stability of the nation 's finances on the line .
American Banker says regulators will meet the Senate Banking Committee , which is " increasingly worried about the FDIC 's ability to pay for the growing number of bank failures , and relaxing the barriers between banks and the riskier affiliates is likely to raise some concerns " .
It said the Federal Reserve board had waived long - standing limits designed to prevent commercial banks from bailing out affiliates , including their investment banking units .
The waiver , which will last until January , was seen as helping B of A make the Merrill deal .
" That 's specifically so that no one will question Bank of America 's ability to capitalise Merrill Lynch because it allows B of A to use its deposit base , which is enormous , to capitalise the broker - dealer , " said Chris Low , chief economist at First Horizon National Corp 's FTN Financial Capital Markets .
" The initial worry for the FDIC is that deposits will be used to backstop investment banking operations , which in and of itself is risky . "
This sort of statement has the potential to roil troubled markets .
Statements to the effect that there is no cause for alarm , although accurate in the immediacy , can cause the public to consider the opposite .
But the genie is out of the bottle .
These developments draw attention to how close we are to widespread alarm , and in that environment no bank is safe .
Paul Craig Roberts was assistant secretary of the Treasury in the Reagan administration .
He was associate editor of The Wall Street Journal editorial page and contributing editor of National Review .
He is co-author of The Tyranny of Good Intentions .
He wrote on Tuesday : " Most Americans , including the presidential candidates and the media , are unaware that the US Government today , now at this minute , is unable to finance its day - to - day operations and must rely on foreigners to purchase its bonds .
" The Government pays the interest to foreigners by selling more bonds , and when the bonds come due , the Government redeems the bonds by selling new bonds .
The day the foreigners do not buy is the day the American people and their government are brought to reality .
This is not the financial position of a superpower …
Will what happened to Lehman Brothers today be America 's fate tomorrow ? "
Hopefully , tomorrow is a long way off .
Meanwhile , RSG Monitor , a creation of Professor Nouriel Roubini and other top international economists and policymakers , reports : " The biggest US savings and loan , Washington Mutual , might be close to a bust .
Dozens of other banks could be near bankruptcy and the beginning of a silent bank run is looming as depositors are nervous about their assets .
Loading " Indeed , panic is mounting in financial markets : the CDS market is frozen because of the collapse of Lehman and fears of the collapse of AIG , WaMu and other financial institutions .
At the same time , many hedge funds are now teetering as their losses are mounting .
Investors in fixed income - including preferred stocks - have also experienced massive losses . "
David Hirst is a journalist , documentary maker , financial consultant and investor .
His column is syndicated by News Bites , a Melbourne - based sharemarket and business news publisher .
2008 Chinese New Year - The Year of The Rat
2013 Chinese Horoscope - The Year of Black Snake
2010 Chinese Horoscope - Year of White Tiger
2010 Chinese New Year of Golden Tiger Year
2009 Chinese Zodiac Year of Ox 2009 Chinese Astrology Year of Cow
Earthquake , Flood , Cyclone , Tornado , Fire , Oil , War , Housing problems , Financial crisis have happened in 2008 ,
Did you do well in Predictable Roller Coaster Life of 2008 Brown Rat Year ?
Year 2008 is a Chinese Brown Earth ( Soil ) Rat Year .
Why did the Chinese name the year 2008 as the Brown Earth Rat Year ?
Chinese calendar used the Stem - Branch system to count the days , months and years .
There are 10 Stems and 12 Branches in this system .
Stems are named by the Yin - Yang and Five Elements ( Metal , Water , Wood , Fire and Earth ) .
The Stem sequence order is Yang Wood , Yin Wood , Yang Fire , Yin Fire , Yang Earth , Yin Earth , Yang Metal , Yin Metal , Yang Water and Yin Water .
Branches use the animal names .
The Branch sequence order is Rat , Cow , Tiger , Rabbit , Dragon , Snake , Horse , Sheep , Monkey , Chicken , Dog and Pig. Stem and Branch are used together to form a cycle of 60 counting systems which begin with Wooden Rat and end with Water Pig .
You can see the entire sequence from the Chinese New Year 's page .
From 1924 to 1983 is a complete cycle .
Year 2008 is Female Earth Rat , the 25th of the Stem - Branch in the system .
Because Earth is equivalent to the color Brown in the Five - Element system , Year 2008 is also called the Brown Rat year .
Chinese New Year
The Chinese New Year day is on February 7th , 2008 .
This day is a new moon day , it is the first day of the first Chinese lunar month in the Chinese Lunar Calendar system .
The exact new moon time is at 11:44 on 07 - Feb -08 in China time zone .
If we apply Chinese lunar calendar system on the USA time zones , we find something interesting here .
In the US Pacific Standard Time ( PST ) , the new moon time is at 19:44 of 2-06 - 08 .
In the US Eastern Standard Time ( EST ) , the new moon time is at 22:44 of 2-06 - 08 .
Therefore , the Chinese New Year day for USA time zones is on February 6th , 2008 .
The new moon time is at 03:44 on 2-07-08 of Greenwich Mean Time ( GMT ) and at 04:44 on 2-07-08 of Time Zone GMT+1 .
That means Chinese New Year day is on February 7th , 2008 for European countries .
The Year 2008 ( Brown Rat ) is the 4705th Chinese year .
The Chinese believe that the first king of China was the Yellow King ( he was not the first emperor of China ) .
The Yellow King became king in 2697 B.C. , therefore China will enter the 4705th year on February 4th , 2008 .
Also , the Chinese Year uses the cycle of 60 Stem - Branch counting systems and the Brown Rat is the 25th Stem - Branch in the cycle .
Since 4705 = ( 60 * 78 ) + 25 , therefore this Brown Rat Year is the 4705th Chinese Year .
Some web sites say the year 2008 is the 4706th Chinese year .
If you cannot find the explanation , here is a possible answer for you :
The Yellow King 's inauguration was held in the spring of 2697 B.C.
But the day that was used as the first day of the year was the winter solstice , which was around December 23rd , 2698 B.C. Today 's January 1st meant nothing to the Yellow King .
If we count that extra eight days in 2698 B.C. , then year 2008 is the 4706th Chinese year .
The First Day of Brown Rat Astrology Year
In China 's time zone , the first day of the Brow Rat Year is February 4th , 2008 , because February 4th , 2008 is the first day of Tiger month and the Tiger month is the first month of the year in Chinese Fortune - Telling Calendar system .
In the Chinese Fortune - Telling calendar , the first day of the first month , Tiger month , is called " Start of Spring " , which is when the sun enters the 315th degree on the tropical zodiac .
In the China 's time zone , the time of the Start of Spring is at Feb - 04 19:00 .
So the first day of the Brown Rat year 2008 is on 04 - Feb - 08 .
The time of the Start of Spring is on Feb - 04 at 06:00 for US EST zone and on Feb - 04 at 03:00 for US PST zone .
So the first day of Brown Rat Year in USA is same in China 's time zone .
People born in late January or early February may be confused about their birth year Chinese astrology animal signs .
This is because it is a common misconception that the astrology animal signs begin on the Chinese New Year day .
Actually , Astrology animal signs are base on the Start of Spring , the first day of astrology year .
For example , if a baby was born on Feb - 05 2008 before the Chinese New Year Day , then its animal sign is the Rat because the birthday is after the Start of Spring .
If you are still confused about your animal sign , we have an Animal Sign page for people to verify their Chinese birth year animal signs .
Rat is Number One
The sequence of 12 astrology animals is .
Rat ranks number 1 in the 12 calendar animals .
There is a related story for children .
Once the God of Heaven wanted to choose 12 animal names as the sequence of the calendar .
He announced to hold an animal racing to determine the order .
When the racing date is closing , Cat forgot the time and asked Rat the schedule .
Alert Rat gave
Cat the wrong time on purpose .
Smart Rat stayed on the horn of Ox while crossing the river , then jumped over the bank to reach the final line to win the champion .
Cat missed the racing time and swear to kill Rat for generations .
That 's why Cat always chase Rat forever .
The odd number is Yang and the even number is Yin .
Therefore , Rat , Tiger , Dragon , Horse Monkey , Dog are Yang ( Male ) Animals .
Cow , Rabbit , Snake , Sheep , Chicken and Pig are Yin ( Female ) animals .
The one saying about the animal sequence is something to do with animal toes and paws .
Tiger , Dragon , Monkey and Dog have five toes or paws .
Horse has a single toe .
Cow , Rabbit , Sheep , Chicken and Pig have four toes or paws .
Snake has no toes , but it has fork - like tongue .
Rat has 4 - toe in the front legs and 5 - toe in the back legs .
Half - Yin and Half - Yang Animal
The front leg of Rat has 4 toes and back leg has 5 toes .
The Rat hour is from 23:00 P.M. to 1:00 A.M. , which cover late night and early morning .
Rat is rank number one , which is Yang ( odd ) number .
But contains Female Water , according to Chinese astrology calendar .
Water in Chinese astrology represents cold , black , wisdom and lust .
Rat is a very alert , coward , quick , sly , ambitious and smart animal .
Human still learn something from rats .
When all rats run away from a building with no reason , we should run and leave the building soon too .
Ancient Chinese wo n't get on a ship without rats , because that 's not normal .
Rat is in the Water group .
Snake and Horse are in the Fire group .
Fire is afraid of Water .
They said Horse will die after eating the waste of Rat. Weasel like Rat can fight and kill Snake .
Rat is in Chinese . is derived from the pictographic character .
The head is on the top .
The body shows the toes and the tail .
So does n't mean Rat in Chinese .
it just a symbol for the Chinese astrology calendar .
It comes from the meaning of the cycle of the year base on Yin and Yang energy on the Earth .
Love and Marriage
Rat is very easy to breed and it can reach sexual maturity at 5 weeks of age .
Rats do not recognize incest .
So the rat reproduction speed is very fast .
In Chinese astrology , Rat is a Lust Star , which has a noble term - Romantic Star .
Rat is the Romantic Star only for people born in year of Rabbit , Sheep or Pig .
If Rabbit , Sheep and Pig people look for the love , they have more chance to meet the opposite sex .
If they are already in love , they have chance to talk about the marriage in 2008 .
Years of Rabbit are 1927 , 1939 , 1951 1963 , 1975 and 1987 .
Years of Sheep are 1931 , 1943 , 1955 , 1967 , 1979 and 1991 .
Years of Pig are 1923 , 1935 , 1947 , 1959 , 1971 and 1983 .
The first day of a Chinese astrology year is around on February 4 .
To click here to find your animal sign .
Chinese Lunar calendar marks the 3rd lunar day of the first lunar month is the Rat Wedding Day .
For the chance of a marriage , we need to find any Spouse Star or Attraction Relationship coming from the current Brown Rat cycle .
But you need to find your Day Master ( The Upper row of the Day column ) in the your Chinese birth chart .
2008 is Male Earth Rat year .
The Earth is the Spouse Star for a man born on the Day of Male Wood or Female Wood .
Male Earth and Female Water have the attraction relationship .
Therefore Female Water and Wood men have more chance to meet the female in 2008 .
If they have good relationship with their girls now , they can think about the marriage , specially for the ones born in years of Rabbit , Sheep and Pig .
The Earth is the Spouse Star for a woman born on the Day of Water and .
If Water women are already in love and born in years of Rabbit , Sheep and Pig , they have chance to talk about the marriage .
The marriage for Female Water woman is quite possible because Male Earth and Female Water have the attraction relationship .
If you can find additional Branch Attraction Relationship between birth chart and the cycle , then that 's a plus for a good marriage .
If the marriage does n't happen in 2008 for above - mentioned people still have very good chance and relationship with their boy or girl friends .
2008 is Brown Rat year .
Brown is Earth and Rat is Water .
Basically , people will be luckier if the Earth or Water are their lucky element .
However , Earth and Water are opposite elements .
2008 wo n't be one of their best years in their life , unless birth chart animal signs have a special combination .
If your lucky element is Water ...
2007 is a Fire Pig year .
2008 is a Brown Rat year .
Pig and Rat are in the Water group .
2007 is the first year of the Water cycle .
2008 is the second year of the Water cycle .
Water of 2008 is stronger than the Water in 2007 .
If Water is your lucky element , then your luck come in 2008 .
If you think you were lucky in 2007 , the your luck will be continue good or even better in 2008 .
If your Birth Chart and your Current Major Cycle contain Dragon and Monkey , then 2008 will be an extremely good year for you .
This is because Rat , Dragon and Monkey together have the Mutual Attraction Relationship and generate very powerful Water energy .
The luck will be even better , if your birth chart or current major cycle have Male Water in there .
If your lucky element is Earth ...
Your luck will come around four season changes .
If your Birth Chart or your Current Major Cycle contain Cow , then 2008 will be an very special year to you .
This is because Rat and Cow together have the Attraction Relationship into Earth .
The energy of Water disappears and the Earth of 2008 brings the Earth under the birth chart to the top .
The year 2008 becomes a power Earth year .
Forecast using the theory of Five Elements
To forecast our luck in the coming years , we first have to know what elements and animals are in our Birth Chart from Find Your Lucky Element page .
2008 is the year of Male Brown Rat .
Brown is equivalent to Earth in Five Element theory .
The major element in Rat is Water .
Earth and Water are opposite elements .
Earth and Water have a conflicting and fighting relationship ; and therefore it is hard for them to coexist .
In most of cases , if your Lucky Element is Earth , then the Water is an unlucky element .
If the Lucky Element is Water , then Earth is the unlucky element .
If Earth or Water is equivalent to your Money Star , then your money luck in 2008 should be " money comes , then money goes " or " money goes , then comes " .
If Earth or Water is the Career Star , then career opportunity either come early or come late in 2008 .
If Earth or Water represent health , then your heath will be either good or bad , however it will be the opposite at the end of the year .
In short , you will win some but lose some .
How to Pinpoint to the Lucky Days ?
People are always interested to know which days their luck will come .
The answer is that we need to study the Stems and Branches relationships among Daily , Monthly , Yearly , Current Major Cycles and the Birth Chart to determine if the good luck will come or not .
There is an easy and simple way to find your really lucky day .
First , the current Year must mainly contain your Lucky Element .
Next , you look for the Month mainly contains your Lucky Element in the Stem and Branch systems .
Then look for days that will contain mainly your Lucky Element .
The theory is that Year brings Lucky Element into the Month ; Month gathers the energy of Lucky Element and Day triggers the luck out .
To find the Five Elements on certain month or date in from the following links .
The easy way is from Chinese Fortune Angel astrology software .
Find Monthly Five Elements
Find Daily Five Elements
List Five Elements for next 15 days
What Will Happen To You ?
Any Money Luck ?
It requires many steps to foresee your fortune from our web site .
To make it easy for you , we have created a Free Daily Chinese Astrology for you .
When 2008 comes , then you can see the Chinese Astrology prediction for your daily , monthly and yearly cycles .
Our Chinese Astrology focuses on your Money , Career and Fame .
You are welcome to visit our site daily .
We recommend that you come to check your fortune every month .
If you are interested in Chinese astrology and your daily luck , try our Free Daily Chinese Astrology .
If you are reading this page before 2008 , you can peep your 2008 luck from our Free Simple Yearly Chinese Astrology .
If you are serious about Chinese astrology , then try your Year 2008 Chinese Astrology and Major Cycles Astrology .
If you are interested in your love relationship and marriage luck in 2008 , the try Angel love Match reports .
Feng Shui 2008
East South 9 5 7 8 1 3 4 6 2 North West Find the special relationships between year 2008 and the houses is from Feng Shui Flying Stars page .
More detailed information in the Farmer Calendar CD .
Period 8 lasts from 2004 to 2023 .
Direction Simple Suggestion East ( 8 ) The Money Star rotates into eastern direction .
The white color system such as white crystal or Water related object can improve money luck .
Southeast ( 9 ) The Happy Star is in here .
Purple color crystal , painting or carpet can enhance the luck of love relationship or buying property .
South ( 5 ) Do n't let elder or weak people sleep in this direction and do n't do the home improvement either .
Southwest ( 7 ) The Pressure Star in this corner .
Use Water related object to release the pressure .
West ( 3 ) The Argument Star lets people have poor people relationship .
Use purple system to improve communication skill Northwest ( 2 ) Any people have bedroom here need to watch the health .
North ( 6 ) People look for instant money luck can put yellow crystal or water related object to improve the luck .
Northeast ( 4 ) This location is good for children to study their home work .
Center ( 1 ) The Romantic Star rotates is here .
Use pink system to enhance the romantic luck .
Pink crystal or Water related object will help .
Archive Articles
The Cycle of Sow and Reap
When things go wrong , you must know the astrology cycle and prepare for the next lucky days .
15 - Day Chinese New Year Festival
How to Prepare Chinese New Year in USA
2009 Chinese Brown Ox Year
List Chinese New Year Days
Things Bring people Luck
Five Elements Store
2009 Chinese Astrology - Year of Cow
2009 Chinese Horoscopes By 12 Chinese Zodiac Signs
2008 Lantern Festival of Year of Rat
More Astrology in Chinese Fortune Angel
May 2008 Year of Rat bring you
Good health , sweet happiness and prosperity .
Yearly Chinese Astrology Free Daily Chinese Astrology Major Cycles Astrology
Home of Chinese Horoscope Fortune Calendar
A British businessman who represents a Ukrainian oligarch is paying tens of thousands of pounds in donations to the Tories , the Guardian can disclose .
Payments made by the businessman 's company have caused concern to the Electoral Commission , which queried some of the donations earlier this year .
Pauline Neville - Jones , shadow security minister , former chair of the joint intelligence committee and a key Cameron foreign policy adviser , currently has her office sponsored by Robert Shetler - Jones , a close associate of the foreign billionaire Dmitry Firtash .
A company linked to Shetler - Jones is also making payments to Conservative central office .
It is called Scythian Ltd. Shetler - Jones chairs and part owns it .
So far , more than £ 70,000 has been paid in total .
Under current laws and rules the arrangement is legitimate : the money is coming from a British individual and a UK - based company .
But the Electoral Commission wrote to the Conservative party in July , querying the status of Scythian Ltd .
The company had apparently always been dormant and was overdue with its accounts .
Donations are only permissible under the rules if they come from a company that is genuinely " carrying on a business " in the UK .
The Conservatives obtained a letter from a Scythian Ltd auditor , they say , claiming the company was no longer dormant .
But its accounts , which are a year overdue , have still not appeared on the Companies House register .
The most recent Scythian declaration to Companies House , made only last month , described it as a " non-trading company " .
The commission said last night it had been satisfied by Tory reassurances at the time , but were keeping the situation " under review " .
A Conservative party spokesman said : " These donations have been declared to the Electoral Commission and are entirely permissible under the rules .
The party has received confirmation that this company is carrying on business in the UK and the Electoral Commission has written to us stating they have no issues .
All of our donations are declared to the Electoral Commission and we always adhere to the rules rigidly . "
Shetler - Jones said yesterday : " All donations have come from me personally or from my UK company , Scythian Ltd , of which I am a shareholder .
These donations reflect my personal support for the Conservative party and were not made in consultation with Dmitry Firtash or at his request . "
Shelter - Jones confirmed last night the company works for Firtash and his Group DF companies .
He said : " Group DF is a client of Scythian Ltd .
Our staff provide strategic , financial and management support for the Group and for Dmitry Firtash . "
He denied the company had no trading existence .
" Scythian is not a dormant company .
It has been trading for at least two and a half years , " he said .
Scythian 's premises are located in Mayfair .
On the door of No 25 Knightsbridge , a palatial office block close to the Harvey Nichols store , Scythian is the only occupant listed .
The only entries on the official Companies House register for Scythian show that it has so far always been " dormant " , has only £ 2 nominal capital , has never so far traded and is a year overdue with its accounts .
The same first floor at No 25 is listed on company records as simultaneously occupied by the DF Foundation .
This is part of the Firtash group , according to the group 's website , which also says Shetler - Jones represents the foundation .
The charity began to fund Ukrainian language courses at Cambridge in February 2007 .
A third listed phone number at the same first - floor address is the recently - founded British - Ukrainian Society , of which Shetler - Jones is also a director .
Like other Russian and Ukrainian oligarchs , Firtash is a fabulously wealthy man whose business dealings have been controversial .
A former meat trader and secondhand car dealer , he made his fortune from trading with the energy - rich state of Turkmenistan , supplying food and other goods in exchange for gas that was then sold to Ukraine .
He came to prominence in 2006 , when he was revealed as one of the men behind a company that controls Gazprom gas supplies from Russia to Europe , via Ukraine .
Yulia Tymoshenko , then prime minister of Ukraine , had alleged that the firm , RosUkrEnergo , was overcharging the country and had links to organised crime .
There were allegations that Firtash had links with Semyon Mogilevich , an alleged mafia chief who had been arrested in Moscow , but the claims were strongly denied in statements issued on behalf of Firtash by Shetler - Jones .
Shetler - Jones heads the Firtash group of companies as their chief executive , and is also listed as being on the board of RosUkrEnergo .
Some of the Shetler - Jones donations are coming in as a £ 5,000 quarterly donation to Neville - Jones 's office expenses .
She declares it as money from him , provided through Conservative campaign headquarters .
Another £ 30,000 has come in as individual donations from Shetler - Jones to Conservative central office .
Tymoshenko told the BBC in 2006 : " We provided the president of the Ukraine with documented proof that some powerful criminal structures are behind the RosUkrEnergo company . "
Firtash then emerged and declared himself to be the previously hidden part - owner of RosUkrEnergo .
In the same Panorama programme , Shetler - Jones gave an interview as Firtash 's " British representative " .
Asked about another company , in which Firtash 's shareholding was hidden behind a trustee , he said : " Mr Firtash at that time did not want to be a public figure . "
But he said Firtash was not acting as a front for mafia bosses .
" Given how close I am to him and his business , I would know , " he said .
Denis McShane , a former minister for Europe , last night called for the Electoral Commission to examine the Shetler - Jones donations .
He said : " The Electoral Commission now has a duty to start asking serious questions about money going to support the Conservative party and those working on policy for any future Tory government . "
McShane has already said he is considering referring to the commission shadow chancellor George Osborne 's alleged discussions about a donation to the Conservatives from Oleg Deripaska on his yacht in Corfu , which caused a political row this week .
Backstory
Pauline Neville - Jones was a career diplomat and former head of the Joint Intelligence Committee .
She left the diplomatic service and joined investment bank NatWest Markets which advised the then Serbian president , Slobodan Milosevic , on a controversial telecoms privatisation .
She then had a stormy period as a BBC governor .
( h/t Heather )
The Republican Party has always had amazing message discipline when it comes to their talking heads .
They have their talking points and dutifully repeat them verbatim , echoing throughout the media until they become accepted conventional wisdom , regardless of the truth of the matter .
That 's what makes this segment from The Larry King Show so fascinating .
The inclusion of Sarah Palin on the Hate Talk Express appears to have actually derailed the Republican Party too .
And these talking heads , columnist Kathleen Parker , consultant Michelle Laxalt and Bay Buchanan , once so reliably in tune with the GOP , are imploding and scattering in different directions .
Buchanan , sticks with the party line , even making up stats ( 90 % of Republicans are behind this ticket ?
Uh , not even close ) .
Parker sticks with her well - documented assertion that Palin should leave the ticket for the good of the party .
And Laxalt takes feminist umbrage ( seriously , what 's a feminist doing in the GOP anyway ) with the misogynistic bent of the McCain handlers , who send out a neophyte female politician but are n't " man " enough to not back her up :
In my estimation , she is being used unfairly as a tool by a team who , by the way , do not even support , nor does their candidate , equal pay for women for equal work .
So if she is going to be the traditional vice presidential attack dog -- which I concur with Bay , that 's very much a traditional role -- why did n't her male running mate , i.e. the candidate himself , man up and speak to those issues , calling his opponent essentially unpatriotic , calling him a terrorist ?
I 'm sorry .
This is not the Republican Party that Bill Buckley , that Paul Laxalt , that Ronald Reagan raised me on .
And I do n't believe the American people like this kind of dirty politics .
If they can't win fair and square , they should n't trash the other guy .
Transcripts below the fold
KING : Michelle , the last time you were with us , you had doubts about the ticket because of her .
Where do you stand now ?
MICHELLE LAXALT , GOP CONSULTANT : I have increasing doubts , Larry , about the ticket .
And my doubts center around what I see the McCain management team doing with Governor Palin .
I see a team who brought a young governor onto a national scene , tossed her into the deep end five weeks before November .
I see them managing her .
I hear from inside the McCain campaign that she is essentially being treated like a secretary or a staffer , not a genuine vice presidential running mate .
And I think it is absolutely confirmed that when they send her out , this good 'ole boy team -- some of whom , parenthetically , Governor Reagan and my father , Senator Laxalt , fired from the Reagan campaign for these kinds of dirty tricks .
They have sent this young , naive , very confident , perhaps , in Alaska , young woman out with the most incendiary talking points , the most dangerous ...
KING : All right ...
LAXALT : ... racist talking points .
And I think they should be ashamed of themselves .
KING : All right .
The content of her -- Bay , the concept of her being an attack dog , let 's watch this and get Bay to comment .
( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP )
PALIN : I think the phoniest claim in a campaign that 's been full of them is that Barack Obama is going to cut your taxes .
( LAUGHTER )
PALIN : He 's not willing to drill for energy , but he 's sure willing to drill for votes .
( LAUGHTER )
PALIN : And you mean to tell me that he did n't know that he had launched his own political career in the living room of a domestic terrorist ?
( END VIDEO CLIP )
KING : All right , Bay , is all fair in love and war ?
Is that fair ?
BAY BUCHANAN , CNN CONTRIBUTOR , SUPPORTS MCCAIN : Sarah Palin is point for this campaign .
She is doing a remarkable job .
It is the vice presidential 's job to be the attack dog .
And she does an exceptional one -- with a sense of humor , with grace , but she makes the point extremely tough .
I mean she goes right for the throat against this guy , raises very , very legitimate issues and causes the national media to start to talk about this , something they 've seemed , up to this point , refused to do ...
KING : All right , is she ...
BUCHANAN : ... what 's the true character of Barack Obama ?
KING : Is she helping ?
BUCHANAN : Oh , I mean you can't -- there 's no argument there whatsoever .
She has clearly done a remarkable job .
Not only did she energize the base , she delivered the base to John McCain .
What she now still holds , over 90 percent of Republicans behind this ticket .
KING : But ...
BUCHANAN : She basically brought tens of thousands of people to rallies -- Obama level rallies now , because of Sarah Palin .
Seventy million people , Larry , turned in to see that debate .
Seventy million .
They were n't looking at Biden , I 'll guarantee you .
KING : But , Kathleen , since the debate , Obama is 9 points ahead .
PARKER : Yes .
I do n't think Sarah Palin is helping McCain .
I really do n't .
Absolutely , she 's animating the base .
The base is practically hysterical with animation .
But he already has the base .
You know , the base is not going to vote for Obama .
So she 's not helping him with people he needs , which are women voters , who have left him en masse to go back to Obama and with Independents and moderates , who are leaving the McCain camp .
And I think many of them were leaning toward him , but now because of her and because of some of this incendiary language , they 're moving the other way .
So I do n't think that 's helpful ...
BUCHANAN : Larry ...
PARKER : And ...
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE :
We 're over .
PARKER : Yes ?
BUCHANAN : Larry , that 's just -- she 's completely inaccurate .
I hate to tell you this , but number one , McCain never had the base -- never , until Sarah Palin .
That was Sarah Palin 's job and she did it perfectly .
And the second point is , for three weeks after that convention , we were climbing .
She , Sarah Palin , managed to basically eliminate the bump the Democrats got out of their convention .
And we moved ahead because of Sarah Palin .
The day we started to drop was the day the banks collapsed .
And you can look at all of the polls you want and blame it on Sarah , but it has a whole lot more to do with the environment than it does Sarah .
KING : Michelle , are you not supporting the ticket ?
LAXALT : Look , I think -- I can't believe the tone of this conversation .
Here we are , three conservative , loyal Republican women .
And we are talking about a female who could be the vice president of the United States of America .
In my estimation , she is being used unfairly as a tool by a team who , by the way , do not even support , nor does their candidate , equal pay for women for equal work .
So if she is going to be the traditional vice presidential attack dog -- which I concur with Bay , that 's very much a traditional role -- why did n't her male running mate , i.e. the candidate himself , man up and speak to those issues , calling his opponent essentially unpatriotic , calling him a terrorist ?
I 'm sorry .
This is not the Republican Party that Bill Buckley , that Paul Laxalt , that Ronald Reagan raised me on .
And I do n't believe the American people like this kind of dirty politics .
If they can't win fair and square , they should n't trash the other guy .
BUCHANAN : Michelle ...
KING : All right , Bay .
There 's more to come .
The insulted stranger , none other than the Old Testament Prophet Elisha , calls on the Lord God to teach the children a bloody lesson they will never forget .
Bible Verses :
King James Version , Second Kings 2:23 - 24 23 : And he [ Elisha ] went up from thence unto Bethel : and as he was going up that way , there came forth little children of the city , and mocked him , and said unto him , Go up , thou bald head ;
Go up , thou bald head .
24 : And he turned back , and looked on them , and cursed them in the name of the LORD .
And there came forth two she bears out of the wood and tare forty and two children of them .
The airline seeks bald fliers to use as " cranial billboards "
New Zealand 's national airline is looking for bald passengers to head up a new advertising campaign .
The carrier said it wanted 50 passengers to be " cranial billboards " and publicise a new check - in service on their heads .
The fliers will be offered money to have their pates temporarily tattooed with the message .
The airline said it would pay NZ$ 1,000 ( £ 380 ; $ 666 ) per head , making it easy money for bald frequent fliers .
The airline 's marketing manager Steve Bayliss said in a statement : " How better to tell our customers that Air New Zealand is going to do something about [ long check - in queues ] ... than through messaging they can read while they 're standing in a queue themselves ? "
CNBC has just confirmed a report from this morning 's New York Post :
Prosecutors have subpoenaed a dozen Lehman Brothers executives , including CEO Dick Fuld , in connection with three grand jury probes into the bankruptcy of the storied Wall Street firm .
At a hearing yesterday , famed bankruptcy attorney Harvey Miller of Weil , Gotshal & Manges , who represents Lehman , said the US attorney 's offices in the Eastern and Southern districts of New York , and in the district of New Jersey , are leading the grand jury investigations .
Twelve people have been subpoenaed so far .
Although Miller did not identify the nature of the investigation , sources say the focus is on whether Lehman executives made false comments about the health of the firm prior to its collapse .
Worth noting , of course , is that this is just a subpoena at this point .
Aside :
On air , CNBC 's Charlie Gasparino managed to segue the discussion into his feud with Portfolio.com econo - blogger Felix Salmon .
His memo to Felix :
There was a car accident today outside of 30 Rock , and he wants you to know he 's not to blame .
Are you increasing signal or adding noise in your communication with other people ?
Most of the time you hear people complaining about the noise they get from other people , whether it ’s junk mail , spam , inane phone calls , water cooler emails , or that chain mail that ’s been forwarded forty - seven times .
Very rarely do we admit that we are sources of noise , as well .
This recently struck home when a friend of mine starting using AwayFind .
AwayFind is an excellent service that auto - responds to email messages while giving people a link that they can use to get to you if you really needed to .
I ’m sure Jared will come over and explain it better , but it ’s really a good service that I really do n’t need given my manageable email traffic levels – yet this post is not really about AwayFind .
It ’s about how being confronted with the reminder that my friend ’s time was valuable that changed the way I thought about my correspondence with her .
I started reflecting on how many of the messages I sent to her were water - cooler style chatter .
The realization struck me : I was adding noise .
Since I had her personal email , as well , I became very judicious about what information I ’d send her .
The question I asked each time was “ Is this worth my time to write and / or her time to read ? ”
You ’d really be surprised by how much of your email time can be cut down if you treat your friends ’ time the same way you want your time to be treated .
I then started asking how much of my correspondence via email and calls was like this .
I do n’t generally make a lot of phone calls unless I have something to important to say or talk about and this is largely due to the fact that a call is a “ right now ” type of imposition on someone .
That ’s a no- brainer , yet the fact that an email message is asynchronous does n’t mean that it ’s not an imposition on someone ’s time .
The ease in which we can send emails and the cavalier ways that we do it actually makes the problem much worse .
Since people are avoiding the noise of their inbox already , the authentic communication that we may spend is competing with the noise and chatter everyone else is sending .
The irony here is that by distancing ourselves from the noise , we actually allow people to get closer to us by respecting us , our time , and their relationship to both .
Because people are more likely to filter the noise and instead say something valuable , our interactions with them become more meaningful .
I ’ve mentioned a good way to assess the information that we ’re thinking about seeking or spreading in The Triple Filters Test .
The test asks whether what the information you ’re spreading is true , good , and useful , and if it ’s not , it ’s not worth the time .
That same test applies to the conversations and messages we send to people , as well .
It also deals with what I write here , as I sincerely hope that it ’s adding value and not noise .
Some may read this like I ’m saying we have to be robotic and business - like when we talk or send email to people .
Quite the contrary : be funny .
Be genuine .
Reach through and say hello to the core of your friends and family .
Actually connect with people .
We need these things – they are what makes our lives worth living .
But noise …we can do without .
Take that quick second and ask yourself whether what you ’re sending or wanting to talk about is signal or noise .
We owe it to each other .
Sen .
Ted Stevens guilty on all counts Agence France - Presse
Published : Monday October 27 , 2008
Print This Email This WASHINGTON ( AFP )  A US court on Monday found Ted Stevens of Alaska , a Republican senator of 40 years , guilty of corruption one week before he is up for reelection in the narrowly - divided US Senate .
Stevens , 84 , was convicted on all seven counts of making false statements on mandatory financial disclosure forms he filed between 1999 and 2006 , a court source told AFP .
The Alaska senate seat , long considered safely Republican , now seems vulnerable : Democrats are banking on big gains in the Senate in the November 4 election , where five or six seats in the 100 strong - chamber are likely to change hands .
The Democrats are hoping to hit the magic 60 seats barrier needed to pass major legislation and the power to break Republican filibuster legislation delaying tactics .
They currently enjoy a 51 - 49 edge in the 100 - seat Senate , with the help of two independents .
In recent opinion polls Stevens , the longest - serving Republican in the US Senate , trailed his Democratic challenger , Anchorage Mayor Mark Begich , by less than one percentage point .
Stevens was found guilty of accepting gifts from a company known as VECO , an Alaska - based firm which provides oil field support , between 1999 and 2006 .
He was convicted of receiving more than 250,000 dollars worth of gifts , mainly in material and labor that doubled the size of one of his homes .
Two VECO executives pleaded guilty last year to bribing government officials , including an unnamed state senator .
Stevens , who has served in the US Senate since December 1968 , is one of the body 's most powerful Republicans , with seats on the Appropriations , Defense , and other committees .
He has temporarily relinquished his committee vice chairmanships .
The charges normally carry a sentence of several years in prison , but Stevens is likely to get less due to his age .
Judge Emmet Sullivan , who presided in the case , has called for a hearing for February 26 , the source said .
The corruption trial began on September 22 and saw 24 government witnesses and 28 defense witnesses testify in court .
Stevens testified in his own defense .
Stevens and his team of lawyers made no statement as they left the courthouse .
Stevens , who has all along claimed his innocence , has been a strong advocate of opening up Alaska 's Arctic National Wildlife Refuge to oil drilling .
President George W. Bush declined to comment on the Stevens conviction .
A felony conviction does not automatically bar Stevens from serving in the senate .
If he is re-elected he could be expelled only with a two - third vote of his colleagues , according to US Senate rules .
Then the governor of Alaska -- Republican Sarah Palin , who also is her party 's nominee for vice president -- would appoint a successor .
Twitter stickers slowly roll out to users
Twitter has introduced " stickers , " allowing users to add extra graphical elements to their photos before uploading them to the micro- blogging service .
A library of hundreds of accessories , props , and emoji will be available to use as stickers , which can be resized , rotated , and placed anywhere on the photograph .
Images with stickers will also become searchable with viewers able to select a sticker to see how others use the same graphic in their own posts .
Twitter advises stickers will be rolling out to users over the next few weeks , and will work on both the mobile apps and through the browser .
http://bit.ly/29bbwUE
case study
In recent months , many web designers have been asking the question , “ How can I make my dynamic site accessible ? ”
Unfortunately , good answers have been slow in coming from the accessibility community .
While some articles have touched on the problem , not many have gone into details .
Here is our first attempt at rectifying this situation .
Why is it so difficult for us to come up with some simple recommendations like we did for web 1.0 ?
A large part of the problem stems from the complex nature of JavaScript .
There are so many things to do with it , and so many ways to do them , that making blanket statements about what works and what does n’t becomes a challenge .
For example , screen readers seem to vary widely in how they support and react to JavaScript events .
Nevertheless , if we are to have any hope of ever solving this problem , we have to start somewhere .
Hence , this article .
In order to keep this article the size of an article , and not a book , we will only be considering how screen readers interact with various JavaScript events .
Screen readers are complex beasts , and understanding why they do what they do can be quite a challenge .
We have attempted to explain these concepts as clearly as possible , but you should spend some quality time getting to know screen readers such as Jaws or Window Eyes , or perhaps both .
This article is by no means the final word .
We are just beginning to scratch the surface .
Much more research is needed .
How Screen Readers Read Web Pages
To understand why screen readers have problems with JavaScript in the first place , we have to understand how screen readers read web pages .
The name screen reader is a misnomer since they do not read the screen .
Screen readers load the page content from the browser ’s document object model ( DOM ) into a virtual buffer .
The user is then able to review this virtual buffer at will , using numerous hotkeys .
Items such as links , form fields , and some other elements are identified when they are read .
When the user finds a link or other clickable element that they wish to activate , they simply press Enter , and the screen reader tells the browser where they “ clicked ” .
Form controls are handled differently .
When a user encounters a form control they wish to manipulate , they press Enter , causing the screen reader to enter Forms Mode .
When in forms mode , the user is only able to “ see ” the form control that has focus .
They cannot read the page content until they leave Forms Mode and return to Virtual Mode .
The user can press tab and shift + tab to iterate through the form controls , and , depending on the control type , use the arrow keys , or enter text to modify the control that has focus .
Note however , that just because a particular control has focus in the virtual buffer , it does not necessarily have it in the browser .
( This last point will hopefully become clearer in a moment . )
Earlier versions of screen readers would sometimes show the user a page that was out of date , because the page would change , but the virtual buffer would n’t get updated .
Fortunately , this problem seems to have been resolved in more recent versions , and the virtual buffer is refreshed from the DOM every few seconds .
Alerting the User
When a page refreshes in the browser , or when a new page is loaded , the user usually knows it because the screen reader announces it .
However , if JavaScript simply updates the DOM , Jaws remains silent .
The user may never realize that something is different .
This can pose quite a challenge .
How can you notify the user not only that there is a new piece of information , but also where they can find it ?
A sighted user would probably see that something new popped up , but a screen reader only reads what the user tells it to .
For instance , if the user clicked a help button , and JavaScript dynamically displayed some text , how would the user know it ?
The screen reader probably wo n’t say anything .
What ’s more , even if the user did know it was there , they would n’t know where it had popped up within the virtual buffer .
Fortunately , the situation described above is n’t totally hopeless .
The user has clicked something , so they are probably expecting something to have changed .
Whether their screen reader says anything or not .
You can give the user a hand in locating the new or updated information by directing the user ’s focus to the help text via an anchor tag , or the text could simply be displayed at the user ’s current point of focus .
Obviously these solutions are n’t perfect , but they are certainly better than nothing .
Ways to alert the user is an area in need of much more research , and we hope to bring you articles in the future which address this problem in greater depth .
JavaScript Events
The following events were tested with Jaws for Windows 9.0 and Window Eyes 7.0 Beta 1 , using Internet Explorer 7 .
Firefox and other browsers were not tested , as screen reader support for those browsers is quite poor , especially when it comes to JavaScript .
As a result , use of “ alternative ” browsers is much less common among blind users .
click
Jaws and Window Eyes both alert the user when an item on the page is clickable , with one major exception : as all good JavaScript developers know , there are two models for attaching events to HTML elements .
There is the traditional model ( < span onclick = " someFunction ( ) " > or element.onclick = someFunction ; ) and the advanced model ( element.addEventListener(... ) ; or element.attachEvent (... ) ; depending on which browser you are coding for ) .
Of course , it should n’t matter which model is used , right ?
Wrong .
For some reason , both Jaws and Window Eyes will not tell the user that an item is clickable if the click event was registered via the advanced registration model .
In Jaws , if the user happens to press Enter on a part of the page which is not reported as being clickable , a click on that portion of the page is passed to the browser anyway , so if there is a click event attached to that portion of the page , then it will fire .
Of course , this is rather improbable , as the user is n’t likely to try to “ click ” places which are n’t reported as being clickable .
Also , in Window Eyes , any press of the Enter key on a portion of the page with no link , form control , or element which is not reported as being clickable is ignored .
Fortunately , there is a simple hack which will force Jaws and Window Eyes to recognize that a given element is clickable when you use the advanced registration model .
Simply register an empty click event using the traditional model ( onclick= " " or element.onclick = " " ) .
It appears that the user can fire traditionally registered click events by pressing Enter on any non -form element in both screen readers .
However , in Jaws , only click events attached to checkboxes and radio buttons can fire , and in Window Eyes , it does not seem to be possible to easily fire click events on any form controls .
dblclick
Neither screen reader reports when the dblclick event is attached to any element , and this event is not easily fired in Window Eyes .
In Jaws , it is possible , but again , rather improbable .
If a user presses Enter twice quickly on a non -form element with this event attached , it will fire .
There does not seem to be a way to get it to fire with Jaws when attached to a form control .
mousedown , mouseup
Neither screen reader reports when the mousedown and mouseup events are attached to any element , and these events are not easily fired in Window Eyes .
In Jaws , they will fire if the user presses Enter on a non -form element where either of them are attached .
There does not seem to be a way to get either to fire with Jaws when attached to a form control .
mouseover
Window Eyes does not support the mouseover event , and there is no way to make it fire with that screen reader .
On the other hand , Jaws seems to offer surprisingly good support for this event , though again that support breaks down somewhat when the event is registered via the advanced registration model .
Jaws will alert the user when a mouseover event is attached to an element via the traditional model , and it can be fired by use of the Jaws Mouseover hotkey ( Insert + Ctrl + Enter ) .
Here again , if the event is registered via the advanced model , Jaws will not alert the user that they can mouseover that particular element .
However , if the user guesses that they can , the hotkey will still work .
Pressing Enter on an element with mouseover attached will also cause the event to fire , but will additionally tell the browser that the user clicked there , which may cause other events to fire if attached .
In addition , the same hack that works on the click event also works with the mouseover event .
If you attach an event using the advanced model , you can get Jaws to recognize that the mouseover event is attached by adding an empty event to the element via the traditional model .
focus , blur
In Jaws , there are two primary ways to navigate a web page .
The first is by reading everything from top to bottom , and the second is by tabbing through all the focusable elements ( links and form controls ) .
Confusingly , this results in the user having two cursors , a reading cursor and a mouse cursor .
The reading cursor exists only for the screenreader ( think of it as the virtual buffer cursor ) , and it has no effect on the browser .
The mouse cursor , of course , is just the mouse pointer .
Jaws does n’t generally move the mouse cursor unless it needs to .
If the user reads through a page , and stops on a link or form control , the reading cursor is on the element but the mouse cursor is probably not .
When the user presses Enter on that link or control , the mouse is then moved to the same position as the reading cursor , so it can be clicked .
On the other hand , if the user tabs through the page , the mouse cursor is moved with the reading cursor , and each element gets focus by both cursors .
The end result is that if a user tabs from form control to form control , the current control gets focus and the preceding control is blurred .
However , if the user just reads each control with the reading cursor , then no controls get focus and no controls are blurred .
Like Jaws , Window Eyes also has two cursors , but pressing the tab key or reading through the page will focus the mouse on each link as it is reached , and blur it as it is passed .
Form controls , on the other hand , will only receive focus if they are modified or given focus when in forms mode .
With these limitations in mind , the blur and focus work as expected : before a form control is changed and before a link is clicked , it receives focus , so the focus event is fired on the current control , and if applicable , the blur event is fired on the previous control .
change
Works as expected in both Jaws and Window Eyes .
keydown , keyup , keypress
When in forms mode , works as expected in both Jaws and Window Eyes .
When not in forms mode , the events ca n’t be made to fire , because Jaws and Window Eyes capture most keypresses .
select
When in forms mode , works as expected in both Jaws and Window Eyes .
When not in forms mode , text can be selected and copied to the clipboard without firing the event .
This is likely due to the fact that text is being selected and copied from the virtual buffer , and not directly from the browser .
scroll
In Jaws , this event is fired at seemingly random times , including sometimes on page load .
In Window Eyes , on the other hand , it fires at much more logical times — after the user has read several lines of text .
However , keep in mind that all scrolling , as such , is taken care of by the screen reader .
From the user ’s perspective , there is no such thing as below the fold , as everything on the page is all in one big buffer , and screen readers give no indication to the user when they scroll the screen .
load
Works as expected in both Jaws and Window Eyes .
Compatibility Table
For a nice all in one spot reference , here is a compatibility table after the manner of the great Quirksmode Compatibility Tables by PPK .
event Jaws 9.0 Window Eyes 7.0 b1 click incomplete incomplete dblclick minimal no mousedown minimal no mouseup minimal no mouseover incomplete no focus incomplete * yes blur incomplete * yes change yes yes keydown yes yes keyup yes yes keypress yes yes select incomplete * incomplete * scroll minimal yes load yes yes
* = Only works in forms mode
Conclusion
There is no widely adopted solution for helping screen readers interact better with JavaScript , though the W3C is working on one .
WAI - ARIA promises to be the next big advancement in web accessibility , and , if implemented , could very well solve many of the issues identified above .
Unfortunately , complete and wide - spread adoption of the standard is at least a couple years off .
In the meantime , what users need is more research by the accessibility community into ways to overcome the existing shortcomings of screen readers when interacting with JavaScript , and more work by the screen reader manufacturers to fix some of the issues that have been identified .
We must begin to address the concerns of people who are trying to make their dynamic web applications accessible , or we will have no room to complain when the next batch of web applications prove to be unusable by the disabled .
This article was written by both Aaron Cannon and Aaron Barker , but our blog software is n’t that robust , so we had to associate it with just one person .
Thanks to PPK for his permission to let us use the compatibility table design , to Kurt Hills for playing the part of editor and to all the others who gave it a proof - reading .
posted by Aaron Cannon on Tuesday , Oct 07 , 2008
tagged with accessibility , ajax , javascript , dynamic content , jaws , window eyes , screen reader , screenreader
After the confusion was settled , a spokesman for the agency apologised .
" We have to deal with such a huge amount of data , that something like this can happen , and the name Friedrich Schiller is not so unusual that it stood out as strange , " she told The Guardian .
" We will now alter his status in our computer system . "
Editor 's note : Campbell Brown anchors CNN's " Campbell Brown : Election Center " at 8 p.m. ET Mondays through Fridays .
She delivered this commentary during the " Cutting through the Bull " segment of Monday night 's broadcast .
Campbell Brown says whoever wins should enter the White House with his dignity intact .
NEW YORK ( CNN ) --
By now you 've probably heard about how ugly things have gotten out there on the campaign trail in the last 48 hours .
But we thought for just a moment we would take you back to kinder , gentler times .
Remember this :
Sen . John McCain : I pledge again a respectful campaign .
A respectful campaign based on the issues and based on the stark differences we have on the vision for the future of America .
Sen. Barack Obama : I said I was looking forward to a civil substantive debate on the issues and he agreed .
McCain : I 've pledged to conduct a respectful campaign and I urge , time after time , various entities within the Republican party to also do that .
Obama :
We do n't need John McCain and I to be demonizing each other .
You wo n't get that from my campaign .
Oh how far we have come in such a short period of time .
To say , as Gov. Sarah Palin is now doing , that Barack Obama pals around with terrorists is just outrageous .
But Obama 's hands are n't clean either .
Here is what he said in May of this year about McCain 's involvement in the Keating Five , a savings and loan scandal that happened in the late 80s .
iReport.com : Your hopes for next debate
Obama said , " I do n't think there is any doubt that John McCain 's public record about issues that he 's apologized for and written about is not germane to the presidency . "
And yet this morning the Obama campaign released a mini-documentary , walking voters through all the details of the Keating Five -- making it very much germane .
There is just one month left .
Please , please do n't let this devolve into a campaign you are sickened by and embarrassed to be part of .
Here 's a purely practical reason :
The negativity you are spewing now will only make your job harder after Election Day .
Bipartisanship is really tough to achieve when everyone on both sides is left with a bad bad taste in their mouths .
Here is the new CNN Opinion Research Corp .
When asked " How are things going in the country today ? " 80 percent said badly .
Eighty percent .
Pollsters have been asking that question since 1974 .
Eighty percent is an all - time low .
People want to hear solutions from you .
They want to hear how you are going to get us out of this mess .
One of you will have to .
Do n't you want to be able to walk into the White House with your dignity intact and your head held high ?
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the writer .
All About John McCain • Barack Obama
The year was 1953 , nearly four decades before the World Wide Web was invented .
Jesse Flores had just arrived in Los Angeles from Chicago , where he worked as a farmhand , taxi driver and factory worker .
Flores , then 31 years old , became the equivalent of the information technology help desk .
He fixed adding machines , typewriters , cash registers and pencil sharpeners at May Co. , just before the department store chain became Robinsons - May .
Instead of Dells , Hewlett - Packards and Xeroxes , Flores worked on Underwoods , Royals and Remingtons , keeping them in shipshape so the wheels of commerce could continue grinding .
When his employer declined to give him a raise , Flores gave notice and opened up his own shop in 1962 on Figueroa Street in Highland Park .
Today , Flores ' two sons and a grandson work in his shop , U.S. Office Machine Co. , which now also services printers and fax machines .
But the typewriter part of Flores ' business never went away .
In some ways , it 's even made a small resurgence .
The simplicity of the typewriter is alluring to writers who may be overwhelmed ( or underwhelmed ) by increasingly elaborate technology .
A typewriter is also appealing in its transparency -- whack a key , and watch the typebar smack a letter onto a piece of paper .
Try figuring that out with a laser printer .
Many people also find typewriters charming ambassadors of a bygone era .
One recent customer asked Flores to fix her mother 's college typewriter so she could type letters home when she went off to college .
All that helps to keep U.S. Office Machine humming at its inconspicuous corner of Figueroa Street and Avenue 58 .
Watch the video to see how three generations of the Flores family have helped keep the typewriting tradition alive .
-- Alex Pham
Disclosure :
The author is the owner of an Underwood No. 5 manual typewriter that is currently being repaired by U.S. Office Machine .
Video by Alex Pham / Los Angeles Times
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The European drugs watchdog is recommending doctors do not prescribe the anti-obesity drug rimonabant , also known as Acomplia .
The European Medicines Agency has said the risk of serious psychiatric problems and even suicide are too high .
The EMEA says since at - risk patients cannot be identified , marketing of the drug should be suspended .
Patients taking the drug should consult their doctor , but do not need to immediately stop taking the medication .
Psychiatric risk Around 97,000 people in the UK who are obese or overweight have been prescribed rimonabant , which is used in conjunction with diet and exercise .
And approximately 20,000 are currently taking the drug .
It was approved for use by the NHS watchdog in England and Wales in June this year .
Patients who are currently taking Acomplia should consult their doctor or pharmacist at a convenient time to discuss their treatment
EMEA statement
There have always been concerns over the risks of depression and suicide associated with the drug , and in July last year , the EMEA warned it may be unsafe for patients also taking anti-depressants .
Doctors were also told not to give it to patients with a history of major depression , and to be alert for new symptoms of depression in patients taking the drug .
But data from more recent studies , and from Sanofi - Aventis itself , has shown there is around double the risk of psychiatric disorders in obese or overweight patients taking rimonabant compared to those taking dummy pills .
And between June and August 2008 , there were five suicides among patients taking part in a trial who were on the drug , compared with one among those taking the dummy version .
' Important therapy '
The EMEA 's Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use , which assessed the new evidence , also said that the drug was less effective in reality than clinical trials had suggested , as patients only tended to take it for a short period .
The EMEA said in a statement : " Prescribers should not issue any prescriptions for Acomplia [ rimonabant ] and should review the treatment of patients currently taking the medicine .
" Patients who are currently taking Acomplia should consult their doctor or pharmacist at a convenient time to discuss their treatment .
" There is no need for patients to stop treatment with Acomplia immediately , but patients who wish to stop can do so at any time . "
My patients were doing very well on it , and they will now have to stop and come off it
Dr Colin Waine , National Obesity Forum Dr June Raine of the UK's Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency ( MHRA ) backed the EMEA 's advice .
Professor Steve Field , chairman of the Royal College of GPs , said he was not surprised by the decision .
" I was concerned when the drug was first approved , so I support the EMEA . "
In a statement , Sanofi - Aventis said it would comply with the EMEA 's decision , but that it believed rimonabant would remain " an important therapeutic answer to a highly prevalent and increasing unmet medical need " .
Dr Colin Waine , chairman of the National Obesity Forum , said : " My patients were doing very well on it , and they will now have to stop and come off it . "
" Patient safety must be foremost , but I always thought that if you ruled out the patients with depression , you ruled out the problem with the drug . "
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet
Monday , October 27 , 2008
Senator Christopher Dodd has shockingly predicted that public anger at banks ’ refusal to disperse credit could lead to a “ revolution , ” while another analyst says government intervention could mean banks are cut out of the loop entirely .
“ If it turns out that they are hoarding , you ’ll have a revolution on your hands .
People will be so livid and furious that their tax money is going to line their pockets instead of doing the right thing .
There will be hell to pay , ” Dodd told the New York Times this weekend .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
Meanwhile , Chief Investment Strategist Sean Corrigan from Diapason Commodities Management told CNBC this morning that banks may have to be “ cut out of the loop ” if the freeze in credit markets continues , forcing governments to act as the lender of last resort .
Corrigan said that banking was , “ A business which is desperately in need of a cull in the world but nobody wants a bank to go down for fear that they bring all banks down , so we ’ve locked ourselves into this position . ”
Saying that the big mistake by central banks was the move not to save banking , but to save individual banks , Corrigan stated , “ Ultimately yes , if the banks do n’t restart , the authorities will have to start acting as the monetizers of last resort , they ’ll have to start dispensing commercial credit between non-financial institutions and cut banking out of the loop if necessary . ”
As the George Washington Blog documents , the banks have openly stated that they will keep hoarding cash no matter how much money the feds give them .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Google released a useful new Gmail feature yesterday in its labs , which could help prevent the intoxicated from sending embarrassing late - night emails they might regret in the morning .
When activated , the program will force a user to solve a series of math problems before allowing any message to be sent .
They are not terribly difficult , but do serve as an extra line of defense in what can be a very dangerous habit .
The service is set by default to kick in only on weekend nights , but you can change the settings to apply whenever .
As for drunk dialing and texting , you ’re still on your own .
The withholding charts now have their own website : http://www.dailyjobsupdate.com
This week ’s New Scientist has a fascinating article on a possible ‘ grand theory ’ of the brain that suggests that virtually all brain functions can be modelled with Bayesian statistics – an approach discovered by an 18th century vicar .
Bayesian statistics allow the belief in the hypothesis to shift as new evidence is collected .
This means the same evidence can have a different influence on certainty , depending on how much other evidence there is .
In other words , it asks the question ‘ what is the probability of the belief being true , given the data so far ?’.
The NewSci article looks at the work neuroscientist Karl Friston , who increasingly believes that from the level of neurons to the level of circuits , the brain operates as if it uses Bayesian statistics .
The essential idea is that the brain makes models upon which it bases predictions , and these models and predictions are updated in a Bayesian like - way as new information becomes available
Over the past decade , neuroscientists have found that real brains seem to work in this way .
In perception and learning experiments , for example , people tend to make estimates – of the location or speed of a moving object , say – in a way that fits with Bayesian probability theory .
There ’s also evidence that the brain makes internal predictions and updates them in a Bayesian manner .
When you listen to someone talking , for example , your brain is n’t simply receiving information , it also predicts what it expects to hear and constantly revises its predictions based on what information comes next .
These predictions strongly influence what you actually hear , allowing you , for instance , to make sense of distorted or partially obscured speech .
In fact , making predictions and re-evaluating them seems to be a universal feature of the brain .
At all times your brain is weighing its inputs and comparing them with internal predictions in order to make sense of the world .
“ It ’s a general computational principle that can explain how the brain handles problems ranging from low - level perception to high - level cognition , ” says Alex Pouget , a computational neuroscientist at the University of Rochester in New York .
Friston is renowned for having a solid grasp of both high - level neuroscience and statistics .
In fact , he ’s was the original creator of SPM , probably the most popular tool for statistically analysing brain scan data .
Needless to say , his ideas have been quite influential and ‘ Bayesian fever ’ has swept the research centre where he works .
I was interested to see that his colleague , neuroscientist Chris Frith , has applied the idea to psychopathology and will be arguing that delusions and hallucinations can be both understood as the breakdown of Bayesian inference in an upcoming lecture in London .
This edition of NewSci also has a great article on how cosmic rays affect the brains of astronauts , so it ’s well worth a look .
Link to NewSci article
‘ Is this a unified theory of the brain ?’.
Link to article ‘ Space particles play with the mind ’ .
Can you have much too much , much too young ?
These ten junior celebrities are proof that yes , you can .
From drug and drink addictions to car and relationship wrecks , fame can spoil even the youngest souls .
Fortunately , some child stars have overcome their destructiveness , whereas others are fading away , and may more have burnt out completely .
10 . Haley Joel Osment
Hayley nearly did see dead people when he flipped his car in July 2006 driving under the influence of alcohol and in possession of marijuana .
The LA born star , who made his debut in Forrest Gump aged just six , is best known for his harrowing performance in Sixth Sense and , despite his brush with the law , is still a successful actor , most recently in the heart - warming tale , Home of the Giants .
Haley is at the top of the list for being , thankfully , the least self - destructive young actor of the bunch .
After his misdemeanor , he paid his fines and did his time , which were $ 1500 and 26 AA meetings respectively .
9 . The Two Coreys
Corey Haim ( article written before Haim ’s death on March 10 , 2010 ) and Corey Feldman starred in films together , grew up together and then , took drugs together .
After their paring in The Lost Boys , the duo shared success in another couple of films , License to Drive and Dream a Little Dream , until Corey fever ran dry .
They went their separate ways to seek their own successes , but the booze and pills followed .
Haim was hooked on a number of prescription pills , gained a load of weight , lost a load of teeth and made several flop films .
Feldman , the more commercially successful of the two as a star in the Goonies , Stand by Me ( with fellow child car - crash River Phoenix ) and as the voice of Donatello in the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles , also battled drug problems .
A brief reunion on their A&E Network reality show ended in tears , when Feldman declared he wanted nothing more to do with the still - drug - addled Haim .
8. Edward Furlong
Edward , more commonly known as John Connor from Terminator 2 or Danny Vinyard from American History X , blamed celebdom ’s easy access to drugs and money for his long - standing addictions .
His antics under the influence , including driving drunk without a license and stealing lobsters from a grocery store , have landed him in handcuffs and addiction clinics numerous times .
Now , married with a child , he has n’t been to rehab in a while , yet with rumors of addiction still rife , it ’s possible he ’ll be back .
7. Tatum O’Neal
Tatum still holds the title of the youngest actor to win an Oscar at age ten for her role in Paper Moon .
Perhaps then , she ’s testament to the dangers afoot for child stars when you consider her persistent problems with crack and heroin .
Along her road of addiction , Tatum had a brief fling with the king of controversy , Michael Jackson , in 1979 , who allegedly shied away with nerves whenever she moved in to kiss him .
Now , Tatum , whose kids have been taken away , is attending drug treatment programs after an arrest in July 2008 .
6. Brad Renfro
On 15 January 2008 , the world received the news it had been expecting for years .
Aged 25 , Brad was found dead in his LA apartment due to an overdose of heroin .
Brad ’s path to self - destruction began after his intense portrayal of disturbed youngster , Mark Sway , in The Client .
The hold that heroin and methadone had on him lead to his arrest and widespread defamation in 2005 , and just this year , his tragic death .
5. Jodie Sweetin
Jodie was a young TV darling in the hit sitcom Full House .
She did n’t stay sweet ’n innocent for long though – due to her raging addiction to beauty ravaging crystal meth .
Not only did she loose several teeth , but she also lost her husband , all thanks to her wild , drug addled behavior .
It ’s only recently , after the birth of her daughter Zoie , that she ’s started to settle down and fight her demons .
4. Olsen Twins
The curse of Full House did n’t stop there .
The twig - like twins , Mary - Kate and Ashley , have been rather more discreet in their self - destructive ways .
They hit fame after their various Mary - Kate and Ashley films and merchandise under the Dualstar brand , but constant exposure to the limelight did funny things to them .
Mary - Kate checked into rehab in 2004 suffering from anorexia and rumored drug problems and Ashley has appeared in celebrity rags bleary - eyed from wild nights out .
Most recently , Mary - Kate was caught up in the curious circumstances surrounding Heath Ledger ’s untimely death .
Rumor had it that Mary - Kate was dating Heath at the time , and some have even said she supplied him with the drugs .
That would certainly explain why the masseuse that found Heath called the troubled twin twice before dialing 911 .
3. Macaulay Culkin
After starring in numerous family films , such as Uncle Buck , Home Alone and Richie Rich , young master Culkin was desperate to grow up and shed his child actor skin .
He did this by estranging his parents , marrying a girl he ’d just met when he was 18 , and developing quite a craving for marijuana and prescription pills .
These days , he ’s happy playing abstract , and some may say semi-biographical roles in cult films such as Party Monster .
There ’s not much else to do when you ’re the highest paid child actor of all time .
2. Drew Barrymore
The world was aghast when cutesy Gertie in E.T grew up hard and fast and turned into a crazed addict .
The press hounded young Drew as she puffed on her first cigarette aged nine , was boozing aged eleven and getting stoned at twelve .
She was hooked on cocaine before she barely hit her teens and had been into teen drug rehab twice before the age of 14 .
Once she kicked the drugs , she developed another habit – stripping off – famously baring her breasts to Dave Letterman .
Now in her thirties , Drew has mellowed , and although she still admits to being keen on lady love , is happily single and sober .
1. River Phoenix
River ’s death by speedball overdose came as a huge shock – his extracurricular activities were completely unknown to the public .
The celebrity circuit went into mourning for the young star and tributes came in the form of songs ( Red Hot Chili Peppers , Nirvana , R.E.M ) , film credits ( Interview With a Vampire ) and books ( Pink – Gus Van Sant ) .
Aged just 23 , River had racked up numerous starring roles in Stand By Me , Running On Empty and My Own Private Idaho .
Sadly , his troubled childhood , which was blighted by poverty , brainwashing in a cult and unusual family affairs , encouraged him to use drugs as a fatal escape .
Liked it ?
Take a second to support Toptenz .net on Patreon !
Other Articles you Might Like
23/6 has a very funny article about how presidents throughout history could have run campaigns as sleazy as the current McCain campaign .
Here are just a few of them ; go to their site to see more and read their article :
Rick Astley had a number one hit in 1987 with Never Gonna Give You Up
Rick Astley : " It 's a wind - u p "
Eighties pop singer Rick Astley has become the surprise contender for best act ever at this year 's MTV Europe Music Awards in Liverpool .
The star , who has never been nominated in the history of the event , is up against U2 , Britney Spears , Christina Aguilera , Green Day and Tokio Hotel .
The winner , chosen by fans online , will be unveiled at the show on 6 November .
Astley returned to prominence this year when internet users were " tricked " into watching the video of his biggest hit .
Sole nomination
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
It went on to become a number one hit in 15 other countries .
" Rick 's fans have obviously decided that he deserves recognition as a pop icon and no doubt they are determined to make sure he wins on the night , " said the award show 's producer Richard Godfrey .
Madonna is up for the video star category with 4 Minutes - the only nomination she has received this year .
The 50 - year - old pop star will battle it out with 30 Seconds to Mars , Santogold , Weezer and Snoop Dogg , who hosted the ceremony last year .
Here the group velocity is negative ; the wave packets move backwards .
The wave is still moving to the right , though .
Click the Restart button to see this .
Previous : Zero Group Velocity
Index
about me
Twitter : @kinaba
19:30 08/09/22
Google Code Jam APAC Local
Google Code Jam の Asia -Pacific 地区最終ラウンド、でした。 東京と北京とシドニーとあとどっかとどっかのグーグルのオフィスに集まって勝負。 この地区からは上 位36人が決勝に進出……
まずページを開いてみて、Aは解けないこともなさそうなので（点数も低かったし）見切り発車で取りかかる。
…と思ったら意外と手こずって、switchで8方向分岐した上で摩訶不思議な場合分けを連発して定数時間で
NOT BIRD / UNKNOWN
を判定できるインデックスを作ったつもりになったものの勘違いしてて
1 wrong。 ⇒⇒⇒ ちょっと気分を落ち着けるために他の問題通そう 。Small でいいから。→ Bは問題文の見た目が長い → Cはなんか小数点が見えた → DのSmallはnext_permutationするだけ問題だった
。D解けた。 ⇒⇒⇒ 気分を落ち着けたら A は何一つ頑張らなくても O( NM ) でいいことに気づいた。N , M ≦ 1000 て。 Small も Large も通った。変に焦るんじゃなかったよ… ⇒⇒⇒ B と C を読んでみる 。B は全く方針の見当も付かない 。Small すら自信持って挑めそうにない。捨て。 C を取るか D を取るか …
C は焦らず考えれば必ず解ける気がする 。Small の M=5 なんて最悪手で解けそうだし。 C に行こう。 ⇒⇒⇒ M = 0 , 1 , 2 , 3 のケースを考えてみた ら $ 1000000 / 2 ^M ごとに確率が変わる分布になってるのがわかった。 漸化式愚直に書いたら O( 2^2M ) のアルゴリズムになってかなりギリギリだけど通るかな、と思って手元で
M=15 のケースを 走らせたら5秒で終わったので、最大の100個来ても500秒、まあ全部M=15ということは 無いだろうから間に合うよきっと、と思いつつも念のため微妙にループ最内周を弄ったりしてからトライ。通った。OK。 あとで気づいたけど、このDPは1回走らせて全部表を覚えておけば済むので余裕で
5+α 秒で終われたな…。 ⇒⇒⇒ 残り10 分 Bの全探索でも書き終わるかどうか試してみるかー → 書き終わらず。終了 。
という感じで 決勝進出！ できるみたいです。よっしゃ 。
HONOLULU 
The nation 's economic woes are hitting Hawaii 's tourism industry hard .
Even before the economy reached the current crisis level , the Hawaii Department of Business , Economic Development and Tourism estimated in August that the number of visitors would decline by more than half a million this year , from a 2007 peak of 7.63 million to 7.12 million .
It also forecast that visitors , who spent $ 12.81 billion in the state in 2007 , would spend $ 11.99 billion in 2008 .
50 STATES/50 DAYS : Read the full series
Matters worsened in September , when the agency reported a 24.2 % drop in tourists from August 2007 .
That decline was the largest year - over - year drop ever , says Marsha Wienert , Hawaii 's tourism liaison .
" Hawaii 's economy is reliant on tourism , and the largest source of tourists to the islands is the U.S. mainland , " Wienert says .
" When there 's a downturn in the economy on the U.S. mainland , it affects Hawaii 's tourism . "
Democratic presidential nominee Barack Obama , who was born in Honolulu , has great support in the state .
A Rasmussen Reports poll conducted Sept. 20 — the most recent survey done here — showed Obama leading Republican counterpart John McCain 68 % to 27 % .
In 2004 , Democrat John Kerry defeated President Bush here , 54 % to 45 % .
Hawaii did not begin voting in presidential elections until 1960 , following statehood in 1959 .
The state leans Democratic , but Hawaii voters did prefer Republicans Richard Nixon in 1972 and Ronald Reagan in 1984 .
Officials and residents are divided over whether Obama or McCain would be most effective at addressing the decline .
" Either candidate is going to have to focus on this economic crisis , to rein in oil prices and increase the value of our dollar and how Hawaii relates to the world 's markets , " says state Rep. Ryan Yamane , a Democrat who is chairman of Hawaii 's House Tourism and Culture Committee .
" That economic engine has got to be a focus , which will directly relate to tourism . "
Murray William Luther , 93 , who lives in the Honolulu community of Hawaii Kai , says , " I 'm a Republican , and we 're always going to be looking back at the last six years , at least , and say things could have been done better . …
For us here in the islands , there 's a lot of hoopla to say that he ( Obama ) was born here and so on .
But Sen. Obama was n't in the Senate long enough to do anything .
McCain would be the one I have faith in vs. the unknown . "
" Oil prices will fluctuate , jet fuel prices will fluctuate , air fares will fluctuate , " says Obama supporter Roger Davis , 51 , a software engineer on the staff of the University of Hawaii , who lives in Kamehame Ridge on the island of Oahu .
" There 's nothing anyone can do to solve that .
But my general impression is that McCain just knows nothing about the economy and he 's being advised by people who seem clueless , whereas Obama seems to have people around him giving reasonable advice . "
Eugene Tian , research and statistics officer for Hawaii's Department of Business , Economic Development and Tourism , says tourism accounts for 18.2 % of Hawaii 's economy .
The decline is affecting jobs .
Hawaii 's seasonally adjusted unemployment rate jumped from 2.7 % in August 2007 to 4.2 % last August , according to the September unemployment report from the Hawaii Department of Labor and Industrial Relations .
Hawaii's leisure and hospitality industry went from 109,700 jobs in August 2007 to 108,000 in August 2008 , the report says .
Yamane says both candidates have ties to Hawaii and a victory by either " enhances Hawaii 's reputation . "
Obama was raised in the islands , played on the state championship basketball team at the private Punahou School , has a sister who still lives here and returns every Christmas to visit his maternal grandmother , who helped raise him .
McCain 's father , Navy Adm. John McCain , was commander of U.S. Pacific Command in Hawaii from 1968 to 1972 .
Sen .
McCain met his future wife , Cindy , at the Royal Hawaiian hotel in 1979 while he was returning from a trip to the Far East .
" Sen . McCain provides the assurance that our military will remain strong , " says Andy Blom , executive director for the Hawaii McCain campaign .
" He will ease our tax burden , which not only helps us in our pockets but helps us dramatically in tourism . "
" As the economy goes , so goes tourism , " said Brian Schatz , head of the Hawaii Democratic Party .
" Both the Asian and United States ' markets are hurting . …
There 's increasing anxiety over the national economy and how it will impact our tourism industry .
Sen. McCain 's economic policies are indistinguishable from President Bush's .
Sen .
Obama 's presidency will put us back on a path to economic recovery , and that will help our No. 1 industry . "
Nakaso reports for The Honolulu Advertiser
Alan Stang
New With Views
October 29 , 2008
As I write , little more than a week remains before E - Day , on which most Americans will vote .
Nerves are being fearfully wracked .
Even people who are usually somnolent say they ca n’t take the stress .
There is a real danger that , unaddressed , the frustration of choosing between a Communist illegal alien raised by a Communist sex pervert and a POW traitor who is a Soviet front man could lead to an epidemic of Acid Reflux Disease or even an outbreak of Restless Leg Syndrome .
The purpose of this modest piece is to reassure you .
Stop tormenting yourself .
Further self - flagellation is pointless .
Your next President has already been selected .
Did n’t you know ?
Sure , go ahead and vote if you like , if you have nothing else to do , if you do n’t mind standing in long lines between Obamatron morons and McCrud zombies , but enjoy the reassurance of knowing that the powers above Ponzi Paulson and Helicopter Ben Bernanke and Co. have already made their choice .
He is Zbigniew Brzezinski .
What ?
Who ?
Is this some kind of Polish joke ?
Sadly , it is not .
The lustiest enjoyer of Polish jokes in my experience was a remarkably gorgeous Polish lady I knew many years ago in the Bay Area .
Every couple of years , I would come through on a speaking tour and she would press me for the latest Polish jokes I had heard .
Again Zbigniew Brzezinski is not one of them .
He is not just a victim of partial vowel deprivation .
In 1970 , Zbigniew Brzezinski wrote a book entitled Between Two Ages : America ’s Role in the Technetronic Era ( New York , Viking Press ) .
Let ’s browse through it to find out what Zbigniew is .
Zbig dedicates the book to Ian , Mark and Mika , his kids .
A nice touch , do n’t you think ?
He ’s a family man .
Starting on page 72 of my Penguin edition , he explains “ why Marxism represents a further vital and creative stage in the maturing of man ’s universal vision . ”
Marxism is “ a victory of reason over belief .
. . .
To a greater extent than any previous mode of political thinking , Marxism puts a premium on the systematic and rigorous examination of material reality and on guides to action derived from that examination . ”
In other words , Marxism is a better system than our own .
Marxism examines material reality and recommends action better than does the U.S. Constitution .
Page 83 : Marxism “ represented a major advance in man ’s ability to conceptualize his relationship to his world . ”
It carried “ an essentially ethical message . ”
It “ was derived from a totally rational method of inquiry . ”
P. 123 : Marxism “ provided a unique intellectual tool for understanding and harnessing the fundamental forces of our time .
. . .
[ I ]t supplied the best available insight into contemporary reality ; it infused political action with strong ethical elements . . . . ”
By the way , as you see , I am making it easy for you .
I am digging out the juicy nuggets .
They are embedded in a prose the pompous turgidity of which recalls Isabel Paterson ’s comment that the writing of John Foster Dulles compels the eyeball to rebound from the page .
Subjecting the normal mind to such an aberration should be punished as a war crime or at least a species of torture .
I honestly believe that were we to strap your eyeballs to Zbigniew ’s prose , you would run screaming from the premises , unless we had prudently tied you to a chair .
The next time you feel like complaining about something you see in my columns , about my language or some joke , please remember that I am providing this onerous service at no extra charge .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
Zbig Brother even excuses Stalin ’s purges and mass murders .
Page 134ff : “ Yet though Stalinism may have been a needless tragedy for both the Russian people and communism as an ideal , there is the intellectually tantalizing possibility that for the world at large it was , as we shall see , a blessing in disguise .
. . . ” What ?
Yes .
You see , “ the internal violence employed by Stalin . . . had a restraining effect on unbridled nationalism . ”
But is n’t Zbig today fanatically opposed to the continuing Soviet Union ?
Yes , he is , but not because he opposes Marxism .
As we have seen , he is a lifelong Marxist .
He opposes the Soviets precisely because he loves Marxism so much .
He believes the Communists have misused it .
He believes that he , Zbigniew Brzezinski , could impose it correctly , the way old Karl himself would have done it .
Enter David Rockefeller .
David is a confessed traitor , a conspirator who is working in a secret cabal to destroy the United States .
What ?
David Rockefeller ?
How do we know that ?
In 2002 , Random House , in New York , published his Memoirs .
Remember , this is not someone accusing him of something .
This is David Rockefeller himself talking on page 405 :
For more than a century , ideological extremists at either end of the political spectrum have seized upon well - publicized incidents to attack the Rockefeller family for the inordinate influence they claim we wield over American political and economic institutions .
Some even believe we are part of a secret cabal working against the best interests of the United States , characterizing my family and me as " internationalists " and of conspiring with others around the world to build a more integrated global political and economic structure – one world , if you will .
If that ’s the charge , I stand guilty , and I am proud of it .
Because this sleazy extrusion of an unmarried female canine is a traitor – because he loves totalitarianism – he was naturally attracted to lifelong Marxist Zbigniew Brzezinski .
Zbig became David ’s prime minister .
In 1973 , under David ’s direction , Zbig formed the Trilateral Commission , which is the foreign ministry of the Council on Foreign Relations , a preeminent founder of which was Marxist Edward M. House .
Both these groups work tirelessly to promote world government , which would mean the abolition of our own .
Remember , the United States government and world government are mutually exclusive .
You ca n’t have them both at the same time .
If you are working for the latter , you are trying to destroy the former .
In 1976 , Zbig and David literally interviewed dour peanut farmer Jimmy Carter at David ’s Tarrytown estate .
They liked what they heard and installed Democrat Jimmy as President of the United States .
From the beginning , Jimmy was a Rockefeller factotum .
Zbig Brother was his National Security Adviser .
Jimmy came close to wrecking our economy .
Okay , but what does all this have to do with the 2008 campaign ?
In the 2000 campaign , Zbigniew Brzezinski , lifelong Marxist , was foreign policy adviser to Senator John McCain , who said this : “ I am honored that Zbigniew Brzezinski will join my foreign policy team .
As a former national security adviser and a highly respected foreign policy expert , his broad experience makes him an invaluable asset to my team . ”
So Zbig went from Democrat Jimmy to Republican John .
Remember that at the top – above the candidates – you have one party with two branches .
What about this year ?
This year , Zbig is back , running foreign policy for Hussein .
Indeed , remember Mark , son of Zbig ?
Mark was one of the sons to whom Zbig dedicated Between Two Ages in 1970 .
Mark is all grown up now and shaving .
Can you imagine ?
Mark is foreign policy adviser to Senator Hussein .
So who is foreign policy adviser to Senator McCain this year ?
The envelope please !
El Senador Juan McCain ’s foreign policy adviser this year is Ian Brzezinski , the other Zbigniew son .
That is correct .
Lifelong Marxist Zbigniew Brzezinski – David Rockefeller ’s Prime Minister – controls both sides of the forthcoming charade through his sons .
Again , you can relax .
It really makes no difference who wins .
The only difference will be a difference in style , a difference in personality , natural differences peculiar to us all .
Remember , David Rockefeller admits , boasts , that he and his family exercise inordinate influence over the United States .
This is how he does it .
Do you need to know anything more to understand that a literal conspiracy controls both main political parties , and that at the top – above the candidates – both parties are the same ?
What was that you said about “ change ? ” Remember , Zbig ran foreign policy for McCain in the 2000 campaign .
This year , Hussein is just as much a factotum of Goldman Sachs and other instrumentalities of world government as McCain .
Notice that our Communist media say nothing about this .
They understand perfectly well that if they sass David Rockefeller they could lose their jobs .
So they specialize in arguing about lesser fry .
So , sure , vote next week , but do so with the assurance that it makes no difference ; that the conspiracy for world government has already chosen our next President .
He is Rockefeller prime minister and Marxist Zbigniew Brzezinski .
Long live Zbig Brother !
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Skip to comments .
Postpone The Election.com is up & running for test ( and your critiques )
Postpone The Election.com ^ | October 14 , 2008 | Stayfree
Posted on by Stayfree
This is a grass - roots effort to petition the U.S. Supreme Court , the Senate , the House of Representatives , the President , the U.S. Dept. of Justice , the Federal Election Commission , all affected political parties , the state officials responsible for overseeing elections and other interested parties to postpone the election because of thousands of felonies committed in the acts of rampant voter registration fraud across the nation perpetrated by agents of ACORN as a purposeful criminal conspiracy to deprive American citizens of their voters ' rights and their rights to due process under the U.S. Constitution in order to steal the election for Barack Obama .
TOPICS :
Politics / Elections
KEYWORDS :
acorn
blackhelicopters
conspiracy
election
obama
postpone
tinfoil
votefraud
We will be asking all non-liberal media , talk show hosts , blogs and organizations to join us in asking for the support of the American people to petition the authorities to postpone the election because of such known massive fraudulent voter registration records that make it absolutely impossible to have an election that would have any credibility at all .
To hold an election under these already known conditions would be the ultimate in recklessness , given the amount of civil disturbance and legal turmoil that would surely result .
To : everyone
To : Stayfree
Postpone the election ?
You ’re kidding , right ?
It ai n’t a gonna happen .
Turn your efforts to something more useful .
To : Stayfree
Steal the election from Obama ?????
It starts before it even started .
Riots a acomin ......... lock and load .
To : Stayfree
petition the U.S. Supreme Court , the Senate , the House of Representatives , the President , the U.S. Dept. of Justice , the Federal Election Commission , all affected political parties , the state officials responsible for overseeing elections and other interested parties to postpone the election because of thousands of felonies committed in the acts of rampant voter registration fraud
That 'll probably work .
At least I know Pelosi and Reid will be all for it ...... not
To : Stayfree
This is a foolish and flatly unconstitutional idea .
Read the sections of the Constitution about the conduct of elections .
We 've never postponed , even in the midst of wars .
Should the Republicans gear up both before the election and after , for massive litigation against fraud .
But should we waste time on a fruitless attempt to postpone the election ?
Absolutely not .
John / Billybob
To : Repeal The 17th
Be cool .
FReepers are the multi-tasking monsters of the internet !
To : RC2
I miss read the last sentence .
Steal the election for Obama ..... not from .
To : Stayfree
You left out the possibility of a challenge to B.H. Obama ’s eligibility to hold the office of President .
There already are court cases in play .
They need to be concluded , and not by dismissal , before the election is held .
by 9 posted onby El Gato ( " The Second Amendment is the RESET button of the United States Constitution . " -- Doug McKay )
To : Stayfree
I have a better idea , Lets win this thing !!
Between the COLB and the fraudulent donations , time to Freep the FEC .
And now rampant voter fraud .
We cannot let the community organizer steal the election .
Office of Inspector General :
Phone : 1-800-424-9530
Fax 1-202-501-8134
Email : oig@fec.gov Federal Election Commission :
Phone : 1-202-694-1015 or
1-800-424-9530
FAX : 1-202-694-1100
To email all our congressperps , go here :
www.funconservative.com
Also , McCain camp still needs volunteers to man the phone bank .
Calls can be made from the privacy of your own home .
I enjoyed it and talked to some very pleasent people .
A couple of rude ones but what do you expect from libs .
Also , keep talking about the associations Acorn , Wright , Ayers , Odinga Also , write comments to your local newspapers .
Sometimes they print them .
Also , put up a yard sign , bumper sticker , wear a shirt etc. any other suggestions ?
by 10 posted onby mouse1 ( Have you donated to Free Republic today ? ? )
To : Stayfree
Are you the guy who also started Postponethesunrise.com
by 11 posted onby trumandogz ( The Democrats are driving us to Socialism at 100 MPH - The GOP is driving us to Socialism at 97.5 MPH )
To : Stayfree
Believe it or not , a lib I know also said that today .
Her words were something to the effect of ... ” I feel ( they always start that ) that our system has been infiltrated ...( hold on now ) ... by right wingers ! ” haha “ I feel strongly that we need to move the election back three months to purify the registration system . ”
I kid you not .
To : Stayfree
Collectively or individually which of those groups listed has the authority to postpone a national election and under what authority of law or which section of the Constitution ?
To : Stayfree
Just because both parties and the Supreme Court use our Constitution as a doormat does not mean we should encourage it .
To : Stayfree
I suggest you invest in brass and be prepared to defend yourself .
by 15 posted onby Doohickey ( The more cynical you become , the better off you 'll be )
To : deport
I am not aware of any statutory authority , but the Constitution " broadly " sets for that the Legislature shall govern elections .
Generally the FEC only has authority over the campaign functions and operations .
Without being a lawyer or having researched the law , my theory is that :
1) The U.S. Supreme court could assert itself and rule upon a request by the Solicitor General ...
2 ) Individual voters ( as a class action ) , established political parties and voter registrars would have standing to sue individually to seek an injunction ( thousands of lawsuits filed in federal courts in every state would force the SCOTUS to deal with it )
To : Stayfree
I think instead we should call for the Sun not to rise .
by 17 posted onby MeanWestTexan ( Wish it was Palin / McCain )
To : deport
None , of course .
Crap like this is a distraction from worthwhile efforts .
by 18 posted onby MeanWestTexan ( Wish it was Palin / McCain )
To : Congressman Billybob
You may be right , but so am I .
Given the amount of fraud , and what more will be uncovered after a bogus election result , there will be so much national turmoil and litigation , we will resolve the election for at least 2 years and the public will never trust another election until all of the voter registration records are purged which will take years and years .
To : Doohickey
Armed to the teeth and then some ...
Disclaimer : Opinions posted on Free Republic are those of the individual posters and do not necessarily represent the opinion of Free Republic or its management .
All materials posted herein are protected by copyright law and the exemption for fair use of copyrighted works .
FreeRepublic , LLC , PO BOX 9771 , FRESNO , CA 93794
FreeRepublic.com is powered by software copyright 2000 - 2008 John Robinson
The scene is Adolf Hitler 's bunker .
The Führer stares at a map , surrounded by fearful generals .
As they deliver bad news , he removes his spectacles with a trembling hand , the fury rising in him like a volcano .
Speaking guttural German , his unkempt hair flopping over his forehead , Hitler explodes in a hysterical rage about Cristiano Ronaldo leaving Manchester United .
Or about his crushing defeat in the Glasgow East byelection .
Or about his stolen car , his Xbox Live console , or just about anything else you can imagine .
These are the improbable scenarios sweeping YouTube and other video sharing sites on the web .
In clips typically lasting about four minutes , the pictures and sound are from Downfall , the hit 2004 German film about the last days of Hitler , played by Bruno Ganz .
But the subtitles bear no relation to what is being said .
Instead they have been rewritten , and carefully synchronised to the action , by internet jokers evidently with time on their hands .
And what started as a one - off gag has now been repeated again and again over hundreds of different subjects .
Downfall spoofs are now running riot over the web , lampooning politicians , footballers , even Hitler himself .
Narratives have included Hitler fulminating about Hillary Clinton 's election defeat , Barack Obama 's speech in Berlin , and Labour 's byelection defeat by the SNP .
In one , the apoplectic dictator says he would rather watch Hermann Göring pleasure himself ' than sit through another Adam Sandler comedy ' .
The wittiest or most topical have a habit of going viral , as users share them with friends , who pass them on in turn .
Each week brings another instalment of Hitler 's rants spinning into your inbox .
The Downfall spoof has become the medium of choice for armchair satirists .
It is particularly popular among football fans and has been adapted endlessly to different teams .
The most viewed is ' Ronaldo Leaves Utd ' , posted in June when rumours were rife that the Portuguese star would quit Manchester United to join Real Madrid , and now viewed nearly a million times .
As Ganz , who was praised for perhaps cinema 's most convincing portrayal of Hitler , speaks German in the tense atmosphere of the map room , the fake subtitles read : ' No problem , we have Ronaldo .
The greatest player on planet .
He will ensure we are triumphant once again .
Fuck Arsenal & Chelsea .'
The Nazi officers look nervously at each other , wondering who is going to break the grim news .
A sweating , nervous soldier in uniform stammers , ' Sir ... I , err ... sir ... '
Another plucks up the courage to inform the Führer : ' Ronaldo is to be sold to Real Madrid in the next few days .
He has request [ sic ] a transfer to the biggest team in the world . '
It is then that Hitler shakes with anger .
Finally he says : ' Anyone who supports Arsenal , Chelsea or that scouse shit Liverpool , fuck off now ...
Man City fans as well , go now . '
He then unleashes a manic tirade of profanities about the player who 'has dared to turn his back on the mighty REDS !!'
The scene is pivotal in the Oscar - nominated Downfall , depicting the moment when Hitler finally realises the war can not be won .
The contrast between one of history 's tyrants cracking up before our eyes and talk of football transfers peppered by swear words , makes for extreme comic bathos .
The harsh sound of the spoken language , the grave demeanours of the officers and the instant recognisability of Hitler all add to the effect .
The more banal the subtitles , the more ridiculously hilarious the result .
The creative element of the parodies exemplifies the so - called ' Web 2.0 ' culture , in which internet users can make their own content and broadcast it to the world .
In this case , a big budget professional movie intended for cinemas has been put in the hands of the audience who , with the help of simple video editing software , turn it into something new .
Chris Hassell , director of Ralph , a London - based digital design agency which specialises in viral advertising , said : ' It 's almost the perfect viral because it 's easy to create and you 've got a clip that can be easily adapted to anything .
It 's a man getting angry and it could be about anything , so it can easily be targeted at a particular group , whether it 's football fans or Xbox players .
It 's always the same joke , but every niche interest takes it and makes it work for them .
If it makes them laugh , it 's probably going to work for millions of others .
It 's not a blank canvas , but it 's the perfect basis for an idea . '
The first Downfall parody appears to have been made in Spain .
Posted on YouTube by a user called ' DReaperF4 ' on 10 August , 2006 , it shows the clip of Hitler in the map room with Spanish subtitles in which the subject is a new flight simulator game .
But Chris Bowley , a student in Bristol , says he came up with the idea independently last year when he posted a clip in which Hitler sees red after being banned from playing Microsoft 's Xbox Live games console .
The 20 - year - old recalled : ' It was very spontaneous .
I was sitting in bed and the idea came to me .
I had a few friends whose Xbox had been banned and I 'd seen the film a few weeks before , so I thought I 'd put them together . '
Bowley said that he was recently threatened with legal action over breach of copyright by Constantin Film , the production company which made Downfall .
He agreed to remove the clip , which had been viewed some 2,959,881 times - making it by far the most popular Downfall pastiche of all .
But he has another version , with ' slightly toned down language for younger audiences ' , on YouTube which has racked up nearly 80,000 views .
Bowley added : ' I 've made no money from the video at all , I put no ads on it .
The studios do n't have a case as long as the uploads are n't making a profit .
It 's even good advertising for them : a lot of comments on my video said , ' Where can I get the film ? '
Three million people have seen it .'
Among the latest spin -offs is ' Changing Giles Coren ' , inspired by journalist Giles Coren 's irate letter to sub-editors at The Times , complaining after they removed a word from the final sentence of an article he had submitted .
Asked how he felt about the spoof , in which Hitler is a chief sub-editor who learns that Coren 's copy has been altered , the journalist said : ' I 'm fluent in German , so watching it with subtitles is not quite as funny for me as for everybody else .
There was a time when an Englishman could speak fluent French and German , but I suppose the YouTube generation spends its time doing this instead .
It would be funny for me if it was in Russian . '
But he went on to concede that he ' laughed a lot ' at the video .
Bill Thompson , a technology expert and member of the board of the Cambridge Film Trust , said : ' We should consider the various renderings of Downfall as an art form in its own right .
Just as Picasso stole from Velázquez 's Las Meninas , so we should see various renderings of an original movie as a legitimate expression of creativity . '
But anyone watching Downfall might find it difficult to put the satires out of mind .
' I think the film has been broken and spoiled , ' Thompson added .
' If I had made a fantastic movie like that , I would now be in despair .
Bruno Ganz must weep every time he sees it .'
Other websites
Ronaldo leaves United ( 998 , 341 views )
Hitler breaks down when he discovers Ronaldo is to sign for Real Madrid .
Barack Obama 's downfall ( 4,448 views )
When ' media darling ' Obama arrives in Berlin , Hitler is not a happy man .
Gordon Brown 's downfall ( 42,390 views )
The scene begins as Hitler is informed they have lost the Glasgow East by - election to the SNP .
Hitler banned from playing XBox LIVE ( 16 , 628 views )
Hitler learns that Microsoft have frozen his account .
Hitler being spied on ( 646 views )
Hitler learns there are videos spoofing him all over the internet .
Whenever you are dealing with tooth problems , you may be wondering if it actually matters that the alignment of your teeth is in a particular way .
How can you find ways to make it work and are you going to be able to actually determine what there is to be done so that you can get ahead of it all with ease .
How are you supposed to make sure that you can work out what is best ?
Do you have to spend money on an orthodontist near me torrance so that you can get whatever you may need to stay ahead of it all as well ?
As you start the process of looking for the best ways to proceed with everything that you may need in a particular situation , you may be looking at the many ways that you may want to go ahead and get it all worked out in a particular fashion .
How can you be sure that what you ’re doing is going to work and that you ’ve got the ideas necessary to make sense of whatever may be going on at the same time ?
Your orthodontist wants to help you out and will give you plenty of ideas regarding what you need to do and how you are going to make that process just a bit easier on yourself as time goes on .
Really start to look at what there is to be done and learn the processes that make the most sense there .
When all is said and done , that is going to be what makes the biggest difference for you and all that you may be trying to take care of as well .
And knowing what can come of that is helpful and will allow you to get the best results in the long run as well .
Despite the Wall Street meltdown , the nation ’s biggest banks are preparing to pay their workers as much as last year or more , including bonuses tied to personal and company performance .
So far this year , nine of the largest U.S. banks , including some that have cut thousands of jobs , have seen total costs for salaries , benefits and bonuses grow by an average of 3 % from a year ago , according to an Associated Press review .
“ Taxpayers have lost their life savings , and now they are being asked to bail out corporations , ” New York Atty .
Gen. Andrew Cuomo said of the findings .
“ It ’s adding insult to injury to continue to pay outsized bonuses and exorbitant compensation , ” he said .
Advertisement
At Citigroup , which has cut 23,000 jobs this year amid the crisis , pay expenses for the first nine months of this year came to $ 25.9 billion , 4 % more than in the same period last year .
Even if you subtract what the bank has shelled out in severance pay and other costs related to the job cuts , overall pay is only slightly lower this year .
Typically , about 60 % of Wall Street pay goes to salary and benefits , while about 40 % goes to end - of - year cash and stock bonuses , said Brad Hintz , a securities industry analyst at Sanford Bernstein .
As part of the $ 700 - billion bailout package passed by Congress , the government is pouring $ 125 billion through stock purchases into the nine large financial companies cited in the Associated Press review : Citigroup , Bank of New York Mellon , Goldman Sachs , Morgan Stanley , JPMorgan Chase , Bank of America , Merrill Lynch , Wells Fargo & Co. , and State Street .
Advertisement
Those taking cash from Uncle Sam must follow guidelines limiting executive pay , including a ban on golden parachutes for departing executives .
No restrictions are placed on across - the - board pay .
It was n’t long ago that people took a hard look at the social networking world and saw that such activities did n’t quite jive with the typical workplace environment .
Some employers solidified that notion by barring visits to such sites via their networks .
Well , here we are in the final days of October 2008 , and two individuals at the UK - based think tank Demos , Peter Bradwell and Richard Reeves , have published a 92 - page assessment of the potential upsides of social networking within organizations and between organizations and clients .
The text ( which , wonderfully enough , has been issued as a PDF [ link ] under a non-commercial Creative Commons licensing ) is titled “ Network Citizens : Power and Responsibility at Work , ” and it essentially takes what is arguably a sensible view on the present networking situation .
They see workplace bans on Facebook and YouTube as “ almost impossible to enforce , ” and they draw a sort of sociological analogy to such efforts that would entail limits for gossip among colleagues .
A nonsensical move , more or less .
Bradwell and Reeves even think that placing restrictions on Web - based networking within Facebook , et al. , can be counterproductive , given the fact that modern technologies have allowed the world to transcend ordinary means of interaction and to attain what is ultimately a more collaborative reality for business development .
Yes , it is true that the issues of lowered barriers and intensive PC - based socializing reveal things that can be prone to exploitation in quite negative ways .
As the authors of “ Network Citizens ” state , the networks have a definitive “ dark side . ”
Yet the benefits for the pursuit of a relatively happy medium ( my own phrasing ) have really become too outstanding to negate .
Such benefits have only grown with developments made in the market specific to business relationship management - which goes as much for workers ’ presence on LinkedIn as YouTube , depending of course on one ’s area of industry .
All things considered , corporations currently exercising no -social - networking policies would do well to browse the ideas delivered via this research .
Take a look at “ Frost / Nixon ” trailer and photos HERE
opening movie Ron Howard ’s “ ” premiered last night in London ’s Leicester Square .
Among those attending the red carpet event –– washimself , who said he was “ delighted ” by the film .
“ I am delighted .
It really is good , it really is powerful , ” Frost said .
The movie depicts the tense meetings between David Frost and disgraced US presidentin 1977 and series of interviews culminating in Nixon ’s seeming admission of guilt over the Watergate scandal .
Frank Langella , who plays the former commander - in - chief , said Nixon continued to figure in his thoughts long after the cameras were turned off .
“ I do not think I will ever say goodbye to him .
I think about him every day , ” he said last night .
“ It is not a political film but a human film . ”
“ David Frost is not a character , he is more of a way of life , so I started to get worried when I found it more enjoyable being him than I did being me .
So now I ’m starting to kind of de-Frost , come out of character and let it go , ” Michael Sheen said .
The film has already received attention as a potential award winner .
Director Ron Howard said : “ It is a little early for me to talk about .
A movie like this – it needs that kind of support and acknowledgement . ”
London Film Festival runs Oct. 15-30 .
Water Minister Nathan Rees , a former greenkeeper and rubbish collector , will take over .
He will be sworn in this afternoon .
Mr Iemma faced a caucus revolt this morning and Mr Rees had the numbers to overthrow him .
Asked as he walked into a meeting of Labor MPs with Carmel Tebbutt whether they were the new leadership team , Mr Rees replied : " Yes . "
He emerged from the meeting saying he would not announce his new cabinet until next week .
But he said he would " start work for the people of NSW today " .
It is understood that there is so much division within the dominant Right faction that Mr Iemma appeared to have lost a significant amount of support from once - loyal backers .
The right - wing powerbrokers Eddie Obeid and Joe Tripodi are understoood to have told Mr Iemma that he had lost the support of MPs and would not survive a caucus meeting .
The pressure intensified after outgoing Treasurer Michael Costa set off a series of bombs at his press conference earlier this morning .
AAP reports : Seventeen years ago Morris Iemma made his political foray under the slogan " A local who listens ' ' - but today he has been forced to hear the voice of his Labor colleagues .
It has not been smooth sailing for the NSW premier in recent times as the now 47 - year - old spent months at loggerheads with union officials over his proposed $ 25 billion power privatisation scheme .
His plans , which he said were integral to the state 's financial future , angered unions and rank and file ALP members .
It also caused a huge rift with state Labor head office , which was behind an attempt in July to unseat him as premier .
The power sell - off scheme was scrambled by the opposition last week , and today its orchestrator , Michael Costa , also lost his position as treasurer as part of a reshuffle following the shock resignation of deputy premier John Watkins .
A member of the dominant Right faction , Mr Iemma became premier on August 3 , 2005 , after Bob Carr 's retirement .
Some 20 years earlier , he began his journey with the Labor movement with the Commonwealth Bank Employees Union .
A law and economics graduate , Mr Iemma 's political career officially started in May 1991 when he defeated the sitting Liberal to be elected as Member for Hurstville .
The seat was abolished in 1999 , but he was preselected for the seat of Lakemba , which he has held since .
He has held various portfolios in the ministry , including public works and services , sport and recreation , health , state development , and was treasurer for the first six months of his premiership .
Mr Iemma held the citizenship portfolio while premier , but his biggest tasks were dealing with ongoing government problems in health and transport and with internal party pickering .
He was re-elected premier in March 2007 , after admitting to the government 's failings and asking voters for more time to fix the problems .
However , his popularity has continued to slide as the government lurched from crisis to crisis .
In October 2007 , the government set up an inquiry into Sydney 's Royal North Shore Hospital after a woman miscarried in an emergency department toilet the previous month .
In November , the government was forced to set up an inquiry into the Department of Community Services ( DoCS ) following the deaths of a number of children in its care .
The health care crisis flared again in January 2008 with a statewide inquiry into NSW hospitals after " systemic problems ' ' were blamed for the death of a schoolgirl at Royal North Shore Hospital .
A strong family man , born and educated in Sydney to Italian parents , Mr Iemma married in 1997 and has four young children with his wife Santina .
He is a self - confessed VB - drinker who supports the Sydney Swans and St George Illawarra Dragons football teams , and will now seeming have more time to enjoy some leisure pursuits .
OCTOBER 14-- The Chicago man credited with launching the Barack Obama - is - a- Muslim smear campaign once pledged to " exterminate Jew Power in America , " and claimed that " Jew babies are fed with subsidized American taxpayer money , " and that Jews were " schooled in blood sucking and money grubbing from birth . "
Those anti-Semitic statements ( and many , many others ) were contained in a 1986 fundraising letter circulated by Andy Martin , then a Connecticut congressional candidate .
Martin , who began his whisper campaign against Obama in August 2004 after the politician 's keynote address at the Democratic National Convention , has a long history of impugning Jews , often in connection with the hundreds of legal proceedings filed by the 62 - year - old perennial candidate .
But the 1986 letter , a copy of which you 'll find here , is particularly virulent .
In fact , in 1996 , when Republican officials in Florida learned of Martin 's prior fundraising pitch they rescinded the party 's support for Martin , then a state senate candidate ( when he ran for Congress in 1986 , Martin was known as Anthony R. Martin - Trigona ) .
Martin's sleazy background has gained renewed attention in light of his appearance this month in a Sean Hannity - hosted Fox News documentary about Obama .
During that October 5 program , Martin claimed that the Democratic presidential candidate was once " in training for radical overthrow of the government . "
Martin offered no proof for this claim , nor was any sought by Hannity , who identified Martin as an " Internet journalist . "
Nor did Fox mention the kooky Martin 's history of anti-Semitic statements or his arrest record ( click here to view five of his mug shots ) .
In fact , Martin is wanted in New York and Florida on outstanding arrest warrants .
The New York warrant , out of Ulster County , resulted from harassment charges related to a child custody battle .
The Florida warrant , from Palm Beach County , was filed in connection with a criminal contempt conviction .
( 4 pages )
McCain ’s path to victory likely runs through PA , a state that no Republican has won in two decades .
McCain 's path to victory through Pa .
Facing seemingly limited options for getting to an Electoral College majority , John McCain ’s path to victory likely runs through Pennsylvania , a state that no Republican presidential candidate has won in two decades , a state in which he trails in the polls by a wide margin and a state where in the past year more than a half - million new Democrats have been added to the voter registration rolls .
It ’s an unenviable position to be in , except for one thing :
Nearly everyone in a position to know thinks the race for Pennsylvania ’s 21 electoral votes is considerably tighter than what recent polls reveal .
Advertisement
“ There ’s a tendency in Pennsylvania for the polls to change dramatically in the final days , ” says John Brabender , a top Republican political consultant based in Pittsburgh .
“ In the governor ’s race in 2002 , there were polls just a few days out showing [ Democratic Gov. Ed Rendell ] with a 25 - point lead and he ended up losing 50 of 67 counties and won by nine points . ”
“ I do n’t believe there ’s a double - digit lead , ” said Jon Delano , a western Pennsylvania - based political analyst who also serves as an adjunct professor of Public Policy and Politics at Carnegie Mellon University .
“ The history of the presidential elections here is different . ”
Even top Democrats concede that McCain ’s deficit in the polls — 11 percentage points , according to the latest Real Clear Politics polling average — is n’t a solid indicator of his chances of carrying the state .
On Tuesday , CNN reported that an anxious Rendell had sent two recent memos to the Obama campaign requesting that the Democratic nominee spend more time campaigning in Pennsylvania .
“ The polls do n’t necessarily reflect what will happen on Election Day , ” said T.J. Rooney , the state Democratic Party chairman .
“ We ’re not a state that ’s accustomed to huge blowouts . ”
Indeed , John F. Kerry carried Pennsylvania in 2004 by just 144,000 votes out of nearly 6 million votes cast .
His win was powered , to a large degree , by an enormous 412,000 - vote margin out of Philadelphia .
The McCain campaign 's formula for winning the state begins with the notion that , despite voter registration gains and strong support for Obama in Philadelphia , it would be difficult to wring more votes out of the state ’s largest city than the Kerry campaign did .
They even believe they can carry a few of the heavily Democratic city ’s 66 wards , a feat George W. Bush was unable to accomplish in 2004 .
“ We ’re not convinced they can blow it out again , ” said a McCain campaign source .
And in the four populous and historically Republican collar counties surrounding Philadelphia , the campaign believes McCain is a far better fit for the socially moderate suburbs than President Bush .
“ McCain is more like a [ Tom ] Ridge than a Bush , ” said the McCain campaign insider , referring to the popular former two - term GOP governor .
“ That gives suburban voters a comfort level with him .
He ’s a different kind of Republican in so many ways . ”
Yet Republican hopes are n’t predicated on a southeastern Pennsylvania - based strategy since McCain is unlikely to run dramatically better than Bush in that vote - rich region .
Rather , the GOP path to victory runs through the socially conservative parts of the state outside the Philadelphia metropolitan region , and bears a strong resemblance to Hillary Clinton ’s winning Democratic primary map .
“ How do you flip 140,000 votes ?
You start by cutting in places like Lackawanna and Luzerne counties , ” said the McCain campaign source , referring to Scranton and Wilkes - Barre , the traditionally conservative Democratic population hubs of northeastern Pennsylvania .
McCain also must run well in Lancaster and York counties in central Pennsylvania , two Republican strongholds that have received attention from both the Arizona senator and his running mate , Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin .
McCain also needs to boost his margins in the state ’s Republican “ T ” , a region which begins at the Maryland state line and runs north through the center of the state before expanding to include the northern tier of counties that border New York .
“ Winning Philadelphia is not enough for a done deal , ” said Delano .
“ Whether it ’s Scranton , Erie , Altoona , Johnstown or the Pittsburgh area , this is a big state .
What McCain is counting on is that a lot of Democrats who voted once against Barack Obama in the primary will vote against him again . ”
Western Pennsylvania , many pols believe , seems to hold the most promise for the McCain campaign .
McCain expects to run better than Bush in Pittsburgh ’s Allegheny County — which Kerry carried by 97,000 votes in 2004 — and in southwestern Pennsylvania , where Obama lost to Clinton by landslide margins .
“ Democrats who do well in areas like Johnstown , Wilkes - Barre and Pittsburgh are pro-life , pro-gun Democrats like Bob Casey .
The Democrats who seem to do poorly in those areas tend to be pro-choice and questionable on guns , ” said Brabender .
“ I think people are going to be shocked by how well McCain is going to do on the western side and in the center part of the state . ”
While Democrats acknowledge western Pennsylvania is highly competitive , they remain confident that Obama will carry the state in the end .
“ Pennsylvania will be won or lost for Barack Obama in the Philly suburbs , ” said state Rep. Josh Shapiro of suburban Philadelphia ’s Montgomery County , the third - largest county in the state after Philadelphia and Allegheny counties .
“ I anticipate the race will be close and in single digits but I also anticipate that Barack Obama will prevail . ”
Rooney , the state Democratic chairman , framed it another way .
“ It ’s going to get closer , ” he said .
“ But at the end of the day , I would much rather be on the side of the lead I think we have than on the other side of it . ”
Not that there have n't been clues .
The City Council agenda last Monday night had a supplemental item whose title , as spoken during the meeting , included a reference to the firm .
City Manager Tom Bonfield pulled the item , referring it two weeks out to avoid readvertising the item .
According to an inquiry made by BCR to Durham officials last week , no printed version of the agenda item existed for dissemination .
In an interview with company executive chairman and co-founder Henry Kaestner this morning , however , the Durham resident announced that a deal to bring the firm and its employees to the Bull City .
Bandwidth.com , founded in 1999 , employs 175 employees at the company 's Weston Parkway offices , according to their web site .
In the last few weeks , downtown circles have buzzed with rumors that Cary - based Bandwidth.com -- a provider of telecom and Internet services to small / medium businesses -- was on the verge of moving to downtown Durham .
BCR Exclusive :
Here 's one to unfortunately file under ones - that - got - away -- for now , at least .
Meanwhile , the County Commission entered closed session on Monday night to discuss " matters relating to the location or expansion of business or industry " -- no word if that is concerning Bandwidth.com or another subject .
This one was n't to be , however .
Bandwidth.com 's
Kaestner confirmed today his company had been in negotiations with another entity over a space in Durham , though he declined to name the firm in question .
Speculation in local real estate circles -- unconfirmed by Kaestner -- had focused on American Tobacco 's Hill Building , the home of soon - to - depart Motricity .
Unlike most of the ATC , the Hill Bldg. is owned by Struever Bros .
Eccles & Rouse , to whom Capitol Broadcasting transferred control along with most of the north half of the campus before Phase II began .
SBER Durham head Ken Reiter did not respond to a request for comment placed earlier this week .
Kaestner noted that both the city and county had been very supportive in their efforts to bring the company from its
Cary office space to Durham , but that the negotiations with their counterpart in the discussions had fallen through .
The co-founder noted that his firm is under no pressure to move anytime in the next two and a half years , but that it would continue to explore options throughout the Triangle .
Both Kaestner and fellow co-founder David Morken are both active in Durham charitable work , according to their biographies on the Bandwidth.com web site , with Kaestner engaged with a charity in what he described as start - up mode ; Kaestneris also engaged in working with several local non-profits , including serving on a number of boards of directors .
Kaestner stressed , however , that the firm was not in any way limited to looking at the Bull City ; instead , he noted , the company would keep the interests of its 175 employees in mind and would continue to explore space options in Durham , Raleigh , Cary and other parts of the Triangle as needed .
Advertisements
Either John McCain does not understand the laws of supply and demand , or he tried to pull the wool over our eyes in Wilkes - Barre , PA today when he claimed that by lifting the executive ban on offshore drilling , President Bush changed the psychology of the oil market .
McCain said after Bush lifted the ban , “ The price of oil dropped $ 10 a barrel . ”
During her daily White House press briefing , Dana Perino tried to downplay McCain ’s faulty conclusion , “ I do n’t know if we fully deserve the credit , but I do think that it was important to send a signal to the market that we are serious about moving forward .
The President tried to get Congress to work with him in a bipartisan fashion , asking them to lift their ban at the same time .
Unfortunately , they ’ve not even been willing to hold even a single hearing on it .
So we decided to move forward ourselves , and hopefully that would spur them to action , as well . ”
The real reason why oil prices have dropped is because demand is dropping .
It makes no sense to suggest that symbolic lifting of a ban , which resulted in no new oil hitting the market , impacted the price .
I know that McCain is trying to make the case for more offshore drilling , but he is implying that our energy crisis is a matter of psychology .
Advertisements
McCain is trying to advance the myth that there is plenty of oil .
We only have to go get it .
This means that either McCain is lying to the American people , or he has no clue about the causes and depths of this crisis .
His comments today sound a lot like “ former ” McCain advisor Phil Gramm who said that the recession was mental .
Apparently , McCain believes that we can think our way out of the energy crisis .
The more I hear from McCain , the more I start to believe that he is even more dangerous than George W. Bush , and is saying a lot .
White House Press Briefing
The House approved the financial rescue plan by a vote of 263- 171 and it was quickly signed into law by President Bush .
The action ended two weeks of high - stakes haggling in Washington that had roiled global markets .
Stocks , which rallied before passage of the bailout , immediately reversed course as investors focused on the economy and credit crisis .
The market ended up with its worst week in seven years .
" The markets are still paralyzed , " Loomis Sayles ' Dan Fuss , one of the most widely followed U.S. bond managers , said after the vote .
" We need confidence back in these markets and that really takes time . "
In a sign of the spreading crisis , California said it was running out of money , France said the world stood on the " edge of the abyss " and European leaders divided over their response to the banking sector 's difficulties .
Earlier Friday , the US reported its biggest monthly job loss in 5 1 / 2 years , coming on top of a pile of economic data pointing to an approaching recession .
Data showed the U.S. services sector holding up .
Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson , who had been the administration 's chief lobbyist for the plan , said he would move quickly to tap the emergency power to buy up distressed assets from banks .
At its core , the bill gives the Treasury Department $ 700 billion to purchase bad mortage - related securities that are weighing down the balance sheets of institutions that hold them .
For Investors
The flow of credit in the U.S. economy has slowed , in some cases drying up , threatening the ability of businesses to conduct routine operations or expand , and adversely affecting consumers seeking financing for mortgages , cars and student loans .
Some state governments have also experienced difficulty borrowing money .
Analysts cautioned it was still unclear whether the U.S. plan would work as advertised .
" There are more questions than answers out there still , " said David Kelly , chief market strategist of JPMorgan Asset Management .
" Will the Treasury be able to get the banks to participate ?
And the second question is , even if the banks do participate , how willing will they be to make new loans into the economy if they can get rid of the bad ones ? "
The U.S. government has run up a charge of $ 1 trillion in recent weeks as it rushed to stabilize banks , including the earlier seizures of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , ratings agency Fitch Ratings said .
That cost is equal to over 7 percent of the value of the world 's largest economy , it said .
Earlier Friday , the hobbled financial sector was bolstered as Wells Fargo stepped in to buy Wachovia in a deal that would take the place of a shotgun merger with Citigroup brokered by U.S. banking regulators .
But in signs of the spreading crisis , California said it was running out of money , France said the world stood on the " edge of the abyss " and European leaders divided over their response to the banking sector 's difficulties .
The House had shocked world markets on Monday by rejecting a previous draft .
With elections on Nov. 4 , lawmakers from both parties were wary of voter backlash in asking taxpayers to pay for Wall Street 's mistakes .
On Friday , speaker after speaker from both parties on the House floor said rejecting the bailout could have devastating consequences for an already slowing U.S. economy , arguing the bill was as important for small businesses , homeowners , students and pensioners as it was for the financial sector .
" While the focus has been on the Dow Jones and Wall Street , we are addressing the real pain felt by Mr. and Mrs. Jones on Main Street , " said House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , a California Democrat .
— AP and Reuters contributed to this report .
A print advertisement in the March 1976 National Geographic Magazine shows two 1976 Honda Civics , hatchbacks of somewhat putrid brown and goldish tones .
The headline of the ad says , “ Highest mileage or lowest price .
The 1976 Honda Civics . ”
A chart in the ad says that the average sedan or hatchback with a manual 4 - or 5 - speed transmission ( costing only $ 2,729 ) reached EPA estimates of 43 miles per gallon on the highway , 32 in the city and 36 mpg combined .
And where are we today ?
What has happened in 32 years of American “ progress , ” “ advancements in technology ” and “ economic growth ” ( well , until these last several years ) ?
Comparing Today ’s Honda with Yesterday’s
I have a 2008 Honda Civic , and its mileage ratings when I bought it earlier this year were : 36 highway , 25 city and 29 combined .
To be fair in making comparisons , the EPA has relatively recently shifted its procedures for establishing mileage estimates .
They are now supposed to be set by taking into account realistic day - to - day driving habits — e.g. air conditioner turned on , imperfect conditions , etc .
As the Honda salesman told us when we bought our Civic , today ’s estimates are absolutely achievable and even surpassable , depending on how the driver handles the car .
( As I blogged about previously — St. Louis to Chicago : Putting a 55 - MPH Drive to the Weekend Road Trip Test — it turned out he was right . )
In the past , perhaps when the 1976 Civics came out , those numbers of 43 -32 - 36 were a bit out of reach .
I could n’t say .
I was a bit shy of driving age at the time .
In the September 1977 National Geographic Magazine , a Toyota Trucks ad boasted half - ton pickups getting 34 mpg on the highway and 24 in the city .
And it even followed the claim with a bit of candid humility :
“ These mileage figures are estimates .
The actual mileage you get will vary depending on your driving habits and your truck ’s condition and equipment . ”
It seems refreshing to read such honesty in advertising .
But it should n’t seem shocking or dismaying to read that 30 - plus years ago , auto manufacturers were further ahead in providing quality and economy to consumers than where they — and we — are today .
Gas Hole Lays Out the Whys and Why Nots of Oil Dependence
If Gas Hole — an independent documentary film that is touring the U.S. under the wing of two avowed Republicans who show the history of oil dependence has been manipulated — is correct , then there has been much collusion between the U.S. government , the oil industry and the auto industry to keep fuel economy stagnated .
Triple - digit gas mileage has been achievable for decades .
Not only do auto manufacturers surely know this , but the occasional mechanic in nowhere corners of the U.S. has figured it out and proved it on a number of occasions .
In the so - called mightiest and freedom - lovingest and most - advanced nation on Earth , why does my brand new Honda Civic get lower gas mileage than the Honda Civic that was created more than 30 years ago ?
I ’ve got my hunches .
What are yours ?
Related posts :
Oil and Gas Industry Playing McSame Dirty Games , Scaring Many to Ballyhoo Few
World Naked Bike Ride : Is Anything Gained By Protesting Oil Dependency in the Buff ?
Moving House Via Bike : Environmental , Friendly , Community Fun
How America
Lost the ( Self - Appointed ) Title of ‘ Greatest Nation on Earth ’ to Denmark
‘ Commie ’ Green Blogger ’s 55 - MPH Drive Instantly Enacts Crushing Law Upon Others
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
In recent months , as politicians , pundits , and military officials have debated the causes of the precipitous decline in violence in Iraq , some prominent terrorism experts ( including Peter Bergen and Paul Cruickshank in the March / April 2007 issue of Mother Jones ) have begun warning that the relative calm may be giving way to a new threat — a fresh generation of Al Qaeda , battle - hardened in Iraq and bent on exporting what they ’ve learned to new fronts .
Such a diaspora has precedent .
In the mid-1980s , thousands of jihadis from North Africa and the Middle East flooded into Afghanistan to fight the Soviets — Osama bin Laden and his original corps of lieutenants among them .
These so - called “ Afghan Arabs ” made up a relatively small portion of the anti-Soviet mujahideen , but their influence would ultimately eclipse their number .
Experts disagree over their impact on the outcome of the fighting ( the conventional wisdom holds that it was marginal at best ) , but their very participation in the Afghan jihad , regardless of their effect on the battlefield , forged a mythology around which Al Qaeda would coalesce : not only had it defeated the Soviet Union , but it delivered the lethal blow that caused the Soviet bloc to collapse .
Emboldened by their perceived success in Afghanistan , thousands of Afghan Arabs returned to their home countries after the Soviet withdrawal , intent on continuing the jihad .
In Iraq , foreign fighters are also few in number , accounting for just 10 percent of Al Qaeda in Iraq ’s ( AQI ’s ) personnel , according to Bruce Hoffman , a counterterrorism expert at Georgetown University .
“ We ’re also talking about much smaller numbers than the Afghan Arabs , ” he says .
“ Those were in the thousands or maybe in the tens of thousands .
Here we ’re talking about survivors , probably in the hundreds . ”
But this cadre of survivors , says Hoffman , could make their presence felt on distant battlefields , as did the Afghan Arabs before them in places like Bosnia and Algeria .
“ No matter how relatively small the number of foreign jihadis who may be fighting / have fought in Iraq , ” he observes , “ having been bloodied in battle there , they will possess the experience , cachet , and credibility useful for both jihadi recruitment and operational purposes elsewhere . ”
This already seems to be the case in Afghanistan .
According to the Washington Post , infiltration of foreign fighters into Iraq has declined from 110 per month in mid-2007 to as few as 20 per month in July 2008 .
Meanwhile , Islamic extremist websites have begun urging new recruits to head for Afghanistan rather than Iraq .
In July , the Post reported that as many as 15 senior AQI leaders had transited through Iran on their way to Afghanistan .
While it ’s difficult to draw a direct connection , the corresponding increase in violence in Afghanistan over the same period seems to indicate that insurgents , recognizing defeat in Iraq , have shifted their focus .
For the first time since March 2003 , Afghanistan is claiming more lives : 121 coalition forces since July , versus 71 in Iraq during that same period .
Analysts are divided over what the increased violence in Afghanistan signifies .
Regarding the transfer of AQI fighters from one theater of operations to another , Marc Sageman , terrorism scholar in residence at the New York City Police Department , is skeptical .
“ I do n’t take it very seriously , ” he says .
“ That ’s not the nature of Al Qaeda .
This is not an army with a general staff ; it ’s basically guys who go somewhere to fight .
If they ’re killed , they ’re killed .
If they escape , they escape .
There ’s really no real strategy . ”
He also notes that while the tactics used by AQI may be migrating to Afghanistan , there ’s “ not that much back and forth because these guys are vulnerable when they travel . ”
Brian Fishman , director of research at West Point ’s Combating Terrorism Center , acknowledges that analysts “ do n’t have a really good sense of how big a problem this is . ”
Nevertheless , “ everybody ’s been worried about this from the beginning because of the legacy of the Afghan Arabs . ”
Foreign fighters who can no longer get into Iraq are “ winding up in Lebanon , ” says Fishman .
“ Some of them are probably hanging around in Syria , and others are getting redirected to other areas like Somalia and Afghanistan and Pakistan . ”
A July 2008 report released by the Combating Terrorism Center notes that suicide bombers trained in Iraq hit US targets in Jordan in 2005 , while others have been apprehended while plotting attacks in Saudi Arabia and the United Kingdom .
Despite debate over the extent to which AQI fighters are dispersing to new battlefields , there ’s little question that the organization ’s methods are increasingly being employed outside of Iraq .
The number of suicide attacks , for example , rare in Afghanistan and Pakistan before 9/11 , has grown exponentially ; according to Pakistan ’s intelligence service , in the first eight months of this year , there were 28 suicide attacks in Pakistan and 36 in Afghanistan , together claiming over 900 lives .
( During that same period , for the first time , suicide bombers killed more people in Pakistan than in Iraq : 471 versus 463 . )
“ Whether or not the actual people migrate , the tactics and techniques are [ migrating ] , and they ’re going to change the nature of warfare , ” says Hoffman .
“ The people coming from Iraq have expertise almost across the board in insurgency , from suicide tactics to force - on - force attacks to sophisticated standoff attacks with remote - controlled missiles or rockets to IED types of technologies .
It just means that the learning curve for insurgents is now short , and they ’re able to learn from previous experience and adapt almost immediately , almost in real time . ”
Fishman agrees , adding that veteran AQI fighters are , as a rule , probably more skilled than their Afghan Arab predecessors .
“ If you ’ve been fighting in Iraq , you probably had a much more intense experience , ” he says , acquiring skills that are more easily transferable to urban environments than those learned by the Afghan Arabs fighting the Soviets in the mountains .
“ Being able to operate and run a covert network in an urban environment , understanding how to avoid intelligence detection …
If you survived this long being in Iraq , you probably picked some of that up .
And those are the kinds of intense skills that are not only useful in Afghanistan and Pakistan , but they ’re useful if you want to operate in Amman or Cairo or Paris . ”
Photo used under a Creative Commons license from Army.mil .
Eagles fans wear their alcoholism proudly .
But are they the NFL 's most hammered ?
( Photo courtesy of Frants photography
The NFL season is upon us , which means fans across the nation are preparing to spend the next five months locked in a fierce battle with their internal organs , testing the limits of consciousness , heckling incoherently , and fighting with their fellow man over their admiration for the wrong - colored laundry .
But which team 's fans are the most tanked of all ?
Through careful research , we 've picked winners ( ? ) in all eight divisions , wild card teams , conference champions and a Super Bowl Champion of Hammeredness .
Why ?
Because football is America 's game , and there 's nothing Americans are more devoted to than gettingreally hammered in parking lots .
Preferably shirtless .
-- Joe Tone
AFC East Division Champion : Buffalo Bills Scouting Report :
They might be losing their team to Canada , but they 'll lose their livers first .
Go - to beverage(s ) : Molson , Canadian Club .
AFC West Division Champion : Oakland Raiders Scouting report :
This was close between Oakland and Denver , which was recently ranked the drunkest city in America .
But we went with the Raiders , because we were afraid what would happen if we did n't .
Go - to beverage (s ) : King Cobra , meth .
AFC North Division Champions : Cleveland Browns Scouting report : Welcome to the Muni Lot .
Please check your coherence at the gate .
Go - to beverages : Whatever 's on sale at Giant Eagle .
AFC South Division Champion : Houston Texans Scouting report :
So wasted they listen to Limp Bizkit .
Go - to beverage (s ) : Budweiser .
AFC Wild Card Pittsburgh Steelers Scouting report : Even on the road , and in the face of calls for their tasering , Steelers fans stay focused .
Go - to beverage(s ) : Whatever they can steal from Browns fans ' coolers after Browns fans pass out .
AFC Wild Card New England Patriots Scouting report :
Not only veteran drunks , but oddly reliable in the kicking game .
Go - to beverage(s ) : Sam Adam 's Holier Than Thou Ale , now with 13 percent more asshole .
NFC East Division Champion : Philadelphia Eagles Scouting report : Sorry , Redskins fans , but the Eagles fans got hammered enough to make several decent - looking women pretend to like football , and this video montage was getting a little dude - heavy .
Go - to beverage : Bud Light , preferably in glass bottles , which shatter more easily after yet another heartbreaking playoff loss .
NFC North Division Champion : Detroit Lions Scouting Report :
Not even freezing rain can slow down Lions fans .
It can , however , make them look like morons .
Go - to beverage (s ) :
Anything they can drink through their paper - bag masks .
NFC South Division Champion : New Orleans Saints Scouting Report :
By being hammered and shirtless the entire year , Saints fans ensure they do n't drunkenly forget to tailgate .
Go - to beverage (s ) : Hurricanes .
But , yes , you can call them Slurricanes .
NFC West Division Champion : Seattle Seahawks Scouting report :
Not that hammered , but helped by the fact that they 're the only team in the division .
Are n't they ?
Go -to beverages :
Tall vente frap with an extra shot of heartbreak .
NFC Wild Card Chicago Bears Scouting report :
An excellent road team .
And they can spell !
Go - to beverage(s ) : Polish sausage
NFC Wild Card Washington Redskins Scouting report :
The famed Dead Tree Crew appears to do enough drinking for the entire FedEx parking lot .
Also , the crew 's mayor , seen here , is a leading candidate for the league 's Most Douchiest Douchebag award .
Which is unrelated , really , but we thought we should throw it out there .
Go - to beverage (s ) : Crown Royal .
NFC Champion Philadelphia Eagles
Anyone who can plan an outing to Hooters in this condition is a champion in our book .
AFC Champ Buffalo Bills
Makes sense , really .
What the hell else is there to do in Buffalo ?
Superbowl Champion of Hammeredness Buffalo Bills
The exchange at the 1:15 mark says it best : " You know this guy ? " " Yeah . "
" He 's off the hook ! "
And , yes , he is .
Japan , right now .
And five minutes ago , in three hours , or at 9:55 on Saturday night .
What 's Japan up to ?
Let 's find out with some graphs .
Let 's get specific , too .
How many women with part - time jobs are walking their dog at 3 am ?
Yeah , we 've got that .
Let 's jump right into this : Japan has the absolute best census in the history of my known world .
Not only does it include normal things like age , sex , and the height of each of your pets , but it also legitimizes the gossipy question of What Are You Doing Right Now ?
Japan slapped a bunch of people with notebooks and a sacred Numbers Mission : keep a log of what you do during the day , in fifteen minute intervals .
And those people did !
P.S. , a default - ly Japanese version of the chart is available at http://www.xoxosoma.com/tokyo-tuesday/jp
Instructions
This is a lot of data , and this is a complicated set of graphs .
Let 's go over what you can do with it :
The main panel is a streamgraph of different activities .
It 's made up of stripes of different activities - Entertainment , for example , has gardening , games , and walking the dog , among others .
Hovering over a stripe gets you a count of how many people are doing that activity at that time .
If you 'd like to get a wider view of the day 's activities , there are links above the title - Everything >
Category - if you click one of those you 'll be popped up a level to see some more data .
If you want a more narrow view ?
Double click on an activity on the main graph or the bar graph to the side - if there are sub-activities , you 'll see them .
of different activities .
It 's made up of stripes of different activities - Entertainment , for example , has , , and , among others .
Hovering over a stripe gets you a count of how many people are doing that activity at that time .
If you 'd like to get a there are links above the title - - if you click one of those you 'll be popped up a level to see some more data .
If you want a more narrow view ?
Double click on an activity on the main graph or the bar graph to the side - if there are sub-activities , you 'll see them .
Let 's say you 've hovering over an activity you find interesting - now , click it once !
After you click , the bottom right fills with graphs about the task you clicked .
Now you get to see when it 's popular , when no one is doing , and who is doing it .
The top graph breaks it down between men and women , and the bottom breaks it down between economic status - people in school , people with jobs , etc .
Now , click on ' Female ' !
Now the other two graphs on the page change - they 're only reflecting women .
If you click , say , ' mainly working ' on the bottom graph , now the other two graphs are only working women .
Want to compare to working men ?
Just click on the ' Male ' part of the graph , and watch the graphs grow or shrink .
If you click , say , ' mainly working ' on the bottom graph , now the other two graphs are Want to compare to ?
Just click on the ' Male ' part of the graph , and watch the graphs grow or shrink .
The top graph might be a little thin now , so what if you want to see it a little closer ?
There 's a set of tools on the bottom left of the main panel - click on Binding - relative sizing to turn it OFF .
The graph is n't relative against the total population any more - it moves to fill more space .
to turn it OFF .
The graph is n't relative against the total population any more - it moves to fill more space .
Maybe this value changes between the weekday and the weekend - on the bottom left of the panel , there 's an option to change the day .
Click it !
You can cycle through days , and see how activities change .
But maybe what you 're looking at is n't very popular on the weekend , and you 'd like the see the graph in even greater detail ?
You can cycle through days , and see how activities change .
But maybe what you 're looking at is n't very popular on the weekend , and you 'd like the see the graph in even detail ?
There 's a link called Weekly max - click it !
Now you 're seeing the greatest detail of every day , but the days are no longer relative to each other - they 're trying to fill up as much space as possible .
- click it !
Now you 're seeing the greatest detail of every day , but the days are no longer relative to each other - they 're trying to fill up as much space as possible .
You 're tired of looking at the working men graph ?
Click Remove bindings and you 'll see the complete data again .
and you 'll see the complete data again .
Now , an easy one - just click the graph background .
You 'll see the time move around .
You 'll see some fun facts up top .
統計の日 Party facts
OCTOBER EIGHTEENTH IS STATISTICS DAY .
In Japan , at least .
They even have posters .
I do n't know if I 'll ever be able to breathe again .
There have to be some good bits in there .
Childcare : Somewhat expectedly , men do n't really do it .
If you look at " Accompanying a child , " though , I think there might be a law that makes Saturday afternoon Men Hang Out With Their Kids Or Pay A Big Fine day .
Somewhat expectedly , men do n't really do it .
If you look at " Accompanying a child , " though , I think there might be a law that makes Saturday afternoon Men Hang Out With Their Kids Or Pay A Big Fine day .
Sports : Women like swimming , but men eschew the water for productive sports , which is my favorite Japanese invention .
Women like swimming , but men eschew the water for productive sports , which is my favorite Japanese invention .
Early to bed and early to rise ... and early to bed : People start waking up at 5 AM , but are taking naps by 7:30 AM .
People start waking up at 5 AM , but are taking naps by 7:30 AM .
Squeaky clean :
As many people are bathing at 1 in the morning as 7 in the morning .
As many people are bathing at 1 in the morning as 7 in the morning .
X- rayz : NO VISITING THE DOCTOR ON SUNDAY .
NO VISITING THE DOCTOR ON SUNDAY .
TV : People without jobs just watch TV all day .
The less lazy ones are gardening .
I 've been pretty much blinded by making this for the past couple weeks , so if you find anything great drop me a line .
Who'm I ?
I 'm Soma , I live in Brooklyn , and I spend much more time baking than anyone in Japan .
It 's my sworn duty to remind you that I got a D + in stats second year of college , so most graphing and all analysis should be taken with a toxically large grain of salt .
My Japanese was limited to two years in high school , so you 'll excuse me if my こわい 's and かわいい 's do n't always line up .
Thankfully , the Statistics Bureau of Japan has a beautiful site that translates well more than it needs to .
My never - updated site is xoxosoma.com , and mindless invective can be directed at jonathan.soma@gmail.com .
If you like fun and quality charts you might also like my interactive singles map .
Sources
i Tunes 8 's new default music visualizer , based on the beautiful Magnetosphere plug - in , has several keyboard shortcuts that customize its look and behavior — not listed in the iTunes help file .
Macworld lists them :
+ and -: Increase or decrease the intensity ( brightness ) of the particles ; multiple presses further increase or decrease the intensity .
A and S : Add or Subtract particles to the visualizer .
You can make the visualizer as complex ( or sparse ) as you wish .
R : Reset the intensity and particle count to their default values .
E : When in nebula mode ( press N ) , this greatly accentuates the nebula clouds , making them very easy to see .
( If you 've used the M key to change modes , you may find that the nebula clouds are n't visible ; it seems they 're only used in certain modes . )
Advertisement
See what the original Magnetosphere plug - in looked like in this mesmerizing clip .
Advertisement
What 's your favorite iTunes visualizer option or customization ?
Lower the lights , put on your favorite tunes , hit Cmd+T , and let us know .
Secret controls for the new iTunes 8 visualizer [ Macworld ]
Thunderbirds ' sell - out toy Tracy Island was another bubble
What have risky loans and Thunderbirds ' Tracy Island got in common ?
Everyone wanted them because everyone else wanted them .
It 's how bubbles are made and why we are always doomed to see them burst , says Michael Blastland .
Say what you like about the new pariahs , bankers ' reputations are shredded anyway .
The libel laws might as well be suspended .
And why ?
Because they were greedy and stupid , obviously .
The reasons are transparent and judgement quick .
Thus is the moral high ground suddenly over - crowded .
How easy , how comforting to know that vast error was simple .
J M Keynes wrote that buying shares was like a bonny baby competition , in which you do n't choose the baby you think prettiest , but the baby you think other people will think prettiest
This is no defence of bankers .
But it can be argued that the easy explanation is inadequate and , left unchallenged , will hasten the next crash .
Unfortunately , a better explanation incriminates us all .
This argument - of a link between the suits who blew it and the rest of us - is made by way of babies , Christmas toys and ants .
It works like this .
One of the first habits we acquire is to glance at mum before deciding how to react to what 's around us .
It is called social referencing .
How do I know if I should be afraid or eager ?
I check the reaction elsewhere .
That characteristic equips us well .
To find out what others think before we act makes sense : they might know something .
Watching the buyers
Even if they know nothing , other people who think a thing worth having will make us more inclined to want it too .
The kid who craves those new , weird trainers , wants them in part because every other kid wants them .
Never mind that they wreck his feet .
It 's a habit that feeds fashion and influences more than just the clothes we wear .
It is what makes markets of all kinds not simply a matter of a seller with a product at a price and a buyer with a budget , but a buyer who has an eye on other buyers , who are themselves looking over their shoulders .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
The economist J M Keynes wrote that buying shares was like a bonny baby competition , in which you do n't choose the baby you think prettiest , but the baby you think other people will think prettiest .
Or even the baby you think other people will think other people think prettiest .
So the market can become detached from any supposed objective quality in the product , not through stupidity , but through the everyday circular psychology of living and choosing among others .
To illustrate this , some economists have turned to ants .
Place two equal piles of food outside the nest , and the ants find both , but nearly all prefer just one .
Pile A is all the rage .
This is because one trail is soon reinforced by others and becomes dominant .
Herd mentality
Then they suddenly switch .
Now pile B is all the rage .
That 's because a few lost their way and wandered to pile B , others picked up this trail and reinforced it , the fashion changed .
Similarly , people in all kinds of markets often tend to converge on one belief .
On Wednesday , the top 12 toys for this Christmas were unveiled .
But who can say which will be this year 's Furby or or Blanket Time Iggle Piggle - sell - out toys from Christmases 1998 and 2007 respectively ?
At least Brains , Thunderbirds ' resident bespectacled thinker , might have had an inkling of how bubbles are blown and burst after Thunderbirds '
Tracy Island toy sold out in the run up to Christmas 2000 .
This year 's must - have Christmas toy will often run out because no one knows what it will be in advance .
Everyone will want it but only because everyone wants it , and that 's apparent only late on in the year .
It will happen again and not because there 'll be a new generation of fools , but mainly because we find comfort , reassurance and momentum in groups
Parents may tut - tut at the quality all they like .
Newspapers may complain of profiteering at children 's expense .
But there need be no conspiracy .
The principle - that our choices are influenced by others and we often tend to herd together - applies to innumerable areas of human behaviour .
What we do depends on what others do , and what they do depends on us .
Thus can we even find ourselves all doing something that no individual thinks wise or best , like paying with the shirts off our backs for a new house .
From here , it is a short step to the banker assessing risk .
Risk is often not an objective fact either .
Even the most prudent lending can become risky in a vicious downturn .
Even a 110 % mortgage can turn out OK in a boom .
So how do bankers decide what 's excessively risky ?
They might pretend they have a formula , but mostly they do what we all do , and look to other people 's behaviour , or at an index of risk which can be no more than the sum of other people 's beliefs .
Outsiders ' protests
They look at other banks making similar decisions , and they look at us .
And if everyone else is betting with confidence , they will too .
Their expectations shape the facts as they see them .
Market confidence , so they think , is their insurance .
Eventually , of course , belief alone is n't enough , and there are always a few outsiders protesting that not all is as it seems , a view that one day , like the ants ' preference for pile B , suddenly prevails .
But if the initial belief was inherently and obviously stupid and led to inevitable destruction , no one would fall for it .
They might have been greedy , but so stupidly greedy as to cut their own throats ?
South Sea Bubble is perhaps British history 's most famous pop Unlikely .
The circumstances were in principle not unusual .
They arose from social referencing in the strange , small world of new financial products .
We repeat this kind of behaviour in one form or another with astonishing frequency and " stupidity " does n't begin to help us understand it .
Bubbles that pop have been a feature of economic life ever since a boom in red mullet in ancient Rome .
Railways , loans to Latin America , seaside piers , South Seas trade , Asian currencies , tulip bulbs , American real estate , the internet , you name it , getting carried away on the tide is in our blood .
A remarkable feature of this tide - often noted - is how we use our intelligence to explain that the latest boom is different , why last time was plain stupid , but this time some new fact has changed the rules .
Seems to me that process has started already .
Then , as this year 's Nobel prize - winning economist Paul Krugman has said , people believe the new stories because everyone important tells them .
People tell these stories because everyone important believes them .
Holding the consensus view becomes a litmus test of being taken seriously .
What ultimately drives disaster is circularity .
Or as Charles MacKay put it in his 19th Century classic Extraordinary Popular Delusions and the Madness of Crowds : " How imitative and gregarious men are , even in their infatuations and crimes . "
So think the whole episode stupid if you will .
After all , right now , everyone else thinks so too .
And they must know something .
It will happen again and not because there 'll be a new generation of fools , but mainly because we find comfort , reassurance and momentum in groups .
But when ?
Some say 10 - 15 years .
In my view , it is here already , driven in part by the facts , true , but also by what people think others now believe , an excessive collective mood that could cause real damage .
This time , it 's called pessimism .
Michael Blastland is the author with Andrew Dilnot of The Tiger that Is n't - Seeing Through a World of Numbers .
Below is a selection of your comments .
All the financial wizards have done is chase the headline of the day : when things were booming , they bought into risky lending and CDOs because , on that day , these financial instruments were performing well .
Now that the headlines tell us that many institutions are suffering as a result of this short sightedness , they are hoarding cash and lending to no one .
The sad thing is , many of these " experts " then blame the headline rather than their abandonment of logic for the mess they find themselves in .
Dave , Cheltenham , UK
This article also explains why Coldplay are so inexplicably popular .
Charlie Farmer , London , UK
The ants are an example of an information cascade .
Ants follow the chemical trail left by other ants , trails are quickly reinforced , but only a small number of ants will have " done the research " .
The modern financial markets are in an example of a collapsing information cascade .
CDOs hid the risk of the debt they were made up of , a large amount of money wound up sloshing around in this market , everyone was using mathematical models that tried to extrapolate short term behaviour into a long term trend .
This was doomed to failure because it was a chaotic system with too much instability in it because no one knew anything about the market and merely followed what everyone else was doing via their models .
I also suspect that it's a termodynamic collapse , wealth moving freely between nodes in the network creates a functioning ecomomy , we 've lived through 20 years of the most significant wealth concentration in modern times , that hoarded wealth does nothing in the economy , and reduces the number of decisions and transactions that can be made .
i.e. the economy seizes up .
Gordon , Norwich
But one thing has changed this time around - hypercommunication .
This bubble will be like every other bubble , except that it 'll take in far more people and probably happen far more quickly because the information for social referencing will use email , chat , phones , blogs and all the other modern ways to communicate ...
Graham , Ramsgate , Kent What complete and crystal clear sense .
It reminds me of the passage in Catch - 22 : " ... Let somebody else get killed . "
" But suppose everybody on our side felt that way . "
" Then I 'd certainly be a damned fool to feel any other way .
Would n't I ? "
Mark Riles , Reading , England A well observed piece of writing with a nice twist at the end .
I worked in residential property , in London , in the 1980s when the housing market was booming .
I was in my 20s and recall vividly graphs showing the historic upwards shift of house prices , followed by a " dashed line " projecting upward trend .
When I would ask folk , recalling my economics classes and concepts such as Utility Maximization , people would just scoff at me .
This time around I have watched the housing market with wonder once again and seen the bubble grow .
I wonder how can this be ?
It breaks the laws of economics .
Then I realised about 12 months ago people were not buying property with a mortgage that paid for that property after a fixed period , they were buying property with interest - only mortgages .
They were doing this to keep the payments down and thus stretch their Utility Maximisation curve .
They were relying on growth to reduce the debt relative to the loan .
They were driven in many cases by fear , the fear that if they did not get on the ladder in some form they would never be able to .
Paul Zarb , Kinross , Kinross - shire
For a great example of how people can make decisions together which no - one individually thinks are right , try the Abilene Paradox .
There 's a summary on Wikipedia .
Peter , Salisbury , UK
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
One of the sessions that I attended at OSCON was “ Beyond REST ?
Building Data Services with XMPP PubSub ” by Evan Henshaw - Plath and Kellan Elliott - McCrea .
I think you can guess why that made me curious , but it was interesting to see how much that curiosity was shared by the rest of the conference : the room filled up long before the scheduled start .
They certainly gave a very entertaining talk and one that spilled over into the blogosphere in posts by Stephen O’Grady , Joshua Schachter , and Debasish Ghosh .
Unfortunately , the technical argument was a gigantic paper tiger , which is a shame given that there are plenty of situations in which event - based architectures are a better solution than REST - based architectures .
I made a brief comment about notification design and how they seemed to be ignoring a good twenty years of research on Internet - scale event notification systems .
People need to understand that general - purpose PubSub is not a solution to scalability problems — it simply moves the problem somewhere else , and usually to a place that is inversely supported by the economics .
I ’ll have to explain that in a later post , since this one is focused on the technical .
Here ’s the tiger :
On July 21st , 2008 , friendfeed crawled flickr 2.9 million times to get the latest photos of 45,754 users , of which 6,721 of that 45,754 potentially uploaded a photo .
Conclusion : Polling sucks .
If you ’d like to learn more about their XMPP solution , the slides are available from the OSCON website .
I do think there is a lot to be learned from using different interaction styles and true stream - oriented protocols ( the kind that do n’t care about lost packets ) , but this FriendFeed example is ridiculous .
It took me less than 30 seconds to design a better solution using nothing more than HTTP , and that while sitting in the middle of a conference session .
This is exactly what Dare means by : “ If a service does n’t scale it is more likely due to bad design than to technology choice . ”
They are comparing the efficiency of blind polling using HTTP crawls to a coordinated PubSub services setup with XMPP .
Spidering an entire site is obviously not going to be efficient if you are only interested in what has changed .
One advantage it has is that you do n’t need to cooperate with the information provider .
However , for the specific example of FriendFeed polling Flickr , cooperation is easy ( both companies gain immensely by cooperating ) and essential ( 2.9 million requests per day will get you blocked from any site that does n’t want cooperation ) .
The solution , which I mentioned briefly at the talk , is to provide a resource that reflects all of the changes on Flickr during a given time period .
Anyone ( not just FriendFeed ) can perform a GET on that resource to find out what has changed .
In fact , one such example is the SUP ( Simple Update Protocol ) just introduced by FriendFeed .
However , I had something more efficient in mind .
Web architects must understand that resources are just consistent mappings from an identifier to some set of views on server - side state .
If one view does n’t suit your needs , then feel free to create a different resource that provides a better view ( for any definition of “ better ” ) .
These views need not have anything to do with how the information is stored on the server , or even what kind of state it ultimately reflects .
It just needs to be understandable ( and actionable ) by the recipient .
In this case , we want to represent the last - updated state of all Flickr users in a way that minimizes the lag between event and notification ( let ’s just assume that one minute is “ fast enough ” to receive a change notification ) .
The simplest way of doing that is to log state changes by userid in a sequence of journal - style resources named according to the server ’s UTC clock minutes .
For example ,
http://example.com/_2008/09/03/0000
http://example.com/_2008/09/03/0001
http://example.com/_2008/09/03/0002
...
http://example.com/_2008/09/03/2359
This URI pattern instantly drops the poll count from 2.9 million to 1440 ( the number of minutes in a day ) plus whatever pages are retrieved after we notice a user has changed their state .
Alternatively , we could define a single append - only resource per day and use partial GET requests to retrieve only the bits since the last poll , but that tends to be harder on the server .
Representations for the above resources can be generated by non-critical processes , cached , and even served from a separate distribution channel ( like SUP ) .
What , then , should we include in the representation ?
Well , a simple list of relative URIs is good enough if the pattern is public , but that would be unwise for a site that features limited publication ( obscured identifiers so that only people who have been given the URI can find the updated pictures ) .
Likewise , the list might become unwieldy during event storms , when many users happen to publish at once .
Of course , like any good CS problem , we can solve that with another layer of indirection .
Instead of a list of changed user ids or URIs , we can represent the state as a sparse bit array corresponding to all of Flickr ’s users .
I do n’t know exactly how many users there are at Flickr , but let ’s be generous and estimate it at one million .
One million bits seems like a lot , but it is only 122 kB in an uncompressed array .
Considering that this array will only contain 1s when an update has occurred within the last minute , my guess is that it would average under 1 kB per representation .
I can just imagine people reading “ sparse bit array ” and thinking that I must be talking about some optimal data structure that only chief scientists would think to use on the Web .
I ’m not .
Any black - and - white GIF or PNG image is just a sparse bit array , and they have the nice side - effect of being easy to visualize .
We can define our representation of 1 million Flickr users to be a 1000 ×1000 pixel black - and - white image and use existing tools for its generation ( again , something that is easily done outside the critical path by separate programs observing the logs of changes within Flickr ) .
I am quite certain that a site like Flickr can deliver 1 kB images all day without impacting their scalability .
Finally , we need a way to map from the bits , each indicating that a user has changed something , to the much smaller set of users that FriendFeed knows about and wishes to receive notifications .
If we can assume that the mapping is reasonably persistent ( a month should be long enough ) , then we can define another resource to act as a mapping service .
Such as ,
http://example.com/_2008/09/03/users?{userid}
which takes as input a userid ( someone that a friend already knows and wants to monitor for changes ) and returns the coordinate within the sparse array ( the pixel within the 1000 × 1000 image ) that corresponds to that user .
FriendFeed can store that accumulated set of “ interesting users ” as another image file , using it like an “ AND mask ” filter to find the interesting changes on Flickr .
Note that this is all just a quick thought experiment based on the general idea .
In order to build such a thing right , I ’d have to know the internals of Flickr and what kinds of information FriendFeed is looking to receive , and there are many potential variations on the representations that might better suit those needs ( for example , periods could be overlapped using gray - scale instead of B & W ) .
The implementation has many other potential uses as well , since the sequence of images provide an active visualization of Flickr health .
I should also note that the above is not yet fully RESTful , at least how I use the term .
All I have done is described the service interfaces , which is no more than any RPC .
In order to make it RESTful , I would need to add hypertext to introduce and define the service , describe how to perform the mapping using forms and / or link templates , and provide code to combine the visualizations in useful ways .
I could even go further and define these relationships as a standard , much like Atom has standardized a normal set of HTTP relationships with expected semantics , but I have bigger fish to fry right now .
The point is that you do n’t need to change technologies ( or even interaction styles ) to solve a problem of information transfer efficiency .
Sometimes you just need to rethink the problem .
There are many systems for which a different architecture is far more efficient , just as XMPP is far more efficient than HTTP for something like group chat .
Large - scale collaborative monitoring is not one of them .
An XMPP solution is far more applicable to peer - to - peer monitoring , where there is no central service that is interested in the entire state of a big site like Flickr , but even then we have to keep in mind that the economics of the crowd will dictate scalability , not the protocol used for information transfer .
The Mignonette is a minimalist handheld gaming platform that we helped to design in a collaboration with Rolf van Widenfelt and Mitch Altman .
The Mignonette is based on an AVR microcontroller ( either the ATmega88 or ATmega168 ) hooked up to drive a 5 × 7 bicolor red / green LED matrix display , for a grand total of 70 bits of gaming goodness under your total control .
Design
The Mignonette is designed to be easy to assemble , and uses a rather minimal set of components – the AVR microcontroller , the LED display , and a pair of ULN2003A transistor driver chips for the LEDs .
Besides these core components there are also four gameplay buttons , a 6 - pin ISP connector for using your AVR programmer , a 2xAA battery holder , and a simple speaker .
The schematic and bill of materials are available at the Mignonette project download page .
To keep things cheap , you can get this surplus LED display from BG Micro , however it is also sometimes possible to find pin-compatible but much brighter displays , like the black - surfaced one in our pictures here .
While the hardware only “ knows ” about red and green , the refresh rate of the display can be high enough that it ’s straightforward to do full grayscale on both the red and green , as well as to produce a full range of orange and yellow colors .
This is what the official Mignonette 1.0 circuit board looks like .
One approach to building this is to start with a kit ( a few are available– and you can build one at Maker Faire ! ) but we would also encourage you to just dive right in and build your own from scratch .
Again , this design has a minimal component set and lends itself very well to being duplicated without the printed circuit board .
Armed with the schematic and the data sheet for the LED display ( available on the BG Micro Datasheet page — look for LED1145 ) , you can also build up this project on a piece of perfboard or possibly even on a solderless breadboard .
In fact , our first prototype of the Mignonette was built in about two hours by dangling the buttons and LED display off of one of our business card development boards .
Once you ’ve built up the hardware , you can use an AVR programmer to program one of the existing demo games or to write your own from scratch .
You ’d be surprised how much fun gameplay can fit into just a few pixels , and this is a great way to get started – where every pixel counts .
Attack of the Cherry Tomatoes
As if to prove that this is a good platform for kids to program on , our own junior mad scientist Chris Brookfield designed and programmed a new open - source game for the Mignonette , called “ Attack of the Cherry Tomatoes , ” now available on the Mignonette project download page .
It ’s a side - scrolling action game where you are the green dot on the left hand side , trying to stop the nearly - endless march of the red dots ( cherry tomatoes ! ) towards you .
Blast them before they get to you , either with your infinite - ammo Cherry Blaster or with your precious few Cherry Bombs .
Each wave gets harder .
How long can you stay alive ?
This is one of the most tumultuous times on record in the global financial markets .
The financial landscape is going through a period of upheaval with some major firms folding , other operations merging and a limited number of companies in both the Europe and the US , being rescued by governments .
BILLION - DOLLAR BAIL - OUTS
Governments have spent billions of dollars on rescue packages , led by the US with its $ 700 bn rescue package .
BANKS AFFECTED BY THE GLOBAL CRISIS - 2008 Giants of the business world , such as Lehman Brothers and Merrill Lynch , have crumbled or been bought out .
Bank Date Status Website Fannie Mae 07 Sep Nationalised Fannie Mae Freddie Mac 07 Sep Nationalised Freddie Mac Lehman Bros 15 Sep Collapsed Lehman Bros Merrill Lynch 15 Sep Taken over Merrill Lynch AIG 16 Sep Part- nationalised AIG HBOS 17 Sep Taken over HBOS WaMu 25 Sep Collapsed and sold WaMu Fortis 28 Sep Nationalised Fortis Bradford & Bingley 29 Sep Nationalised Bradford & Bingley Wachovia 29 Sep Taken over Wachovia Glitnir 29 Sep Nationalised Glitnir Hypo Real Estate 06 Oct Rescue package Hypo Real Estate RBS 13 Oct Part- nationalised RBS Lloyds TSB 13 Oct Part- nationalised Lloyds TSB UK RESCUE PLANS
Much of the current crisis has been caused by the banks ' unwillingness to lend to each other , so the UK government has come up with a plan to inject billions of pounds in capital and to guarantee loans in the hope that lending will resume .
The government has also nationalised or part - nationalised some leading UK banks struggling to survive the crisis .
STOCK MARKETS
In London confidence in the markets fell with news of Bradford and Bingley 's nationalisation .
Banking shares have been the worst hit by the financial turmoil .
FTSE 100 INDEX : 16 September 2008 - present NIKKEI 225 INDEX : 16 September 2008 - present
In the United States , the Dow Jones industrial average saw similar swings , posting sharp gains of more than 800 points as well as losses of more than 770 points .
DOW JONES INDUSTRIAL AVERAGE : 16 September 2008 - present SHARE PRICES
Banks have continued to suffer the steepest falls in share prices .
US bank Merrill Lynch was taken over by Bank of America on 15 September prompting an initial recovery in shares , but they have since dipped again .
Fortis shares were falling sharply until a rescue deal was mounted by European banks on 29 September .
COMMODITIES
The price of metals and oil has also been affected by the financial chaos .
After reaching a record high in July of $ 147 a barrel , the price of oil has fallen and is now back under the $ 100 mark .
Gold has fluctuated significantly .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
We like to think that people will be well informed before making important decisions , such as who to vote for , but the truth is that 's not always the case .
Being uninformed is one thing , but having a population that 's actively misinformed presents problems when it comes to participating in the national debate , or the democratic process .
If the findings of some political scientists are right , attempting to correct misinformation might do nothing more than reinforce the false belief .
This sort of misinformation is n't hypothetical ; in 2003 a study found that viewers of Fox News were significantly more misinformed about the Iraq war , with far greater percentages of viewers erroneously believing that Iraq possessed WMDs or that there was a credible link between the 9/11 attack and Saddam Hussein than those who got their news from other outlets like NPR and PBS .
This has led to the rise of websites like FactCheck and SourceWatch .
Saying that correcting misinformation does little more than reinforce a false belief is a pretty controversial proposal , but the claim is based on a number of studies that examine the effect of political or ideological bias on fact correction .
In the studies , volunteers were shown news items or political adverts that contained misinformation , followed by a correction .
For example , a study by John Bullock of Yale showed volunteers a political ad created by NARAL that linked Justice John Roberts to a violent anti-abortion group , followed by news that the ad had been withdrawn .
Interestingly , Democratic participants had a worse opinion of Roberts after being shown the ad , even after they were told it was false .
Over half ( 56 percent ) of Democratic subjects disapproved of Roberts before the misinformation .
That rose to 80 percent afterward , but even after correcting the misinformation , 72 percent of Democratic subjects still had a negative opinion .
Republican volunteers , on the other hand , only showed a small increase in disapproval after watching the misinformation ( 11 percent vs 14 percent ) .
Along those lines , a pair of political scientists , Brendan Nyhan of Duke and Jason Reifler of Georgia State , have shown a similar effect , this time concerning misinformation surrounding the presence of WMDs in Iraq , tax cuts , or stem cell research .
Participants were shown news reports that contained inaccuracies , followed by a correction .
The news reports were not real , but were presented to the volunteers as coming from either the New York Times or Fox News .
Again , the findings suggest that facts that contradicted political ideology were simply not taken in ; if anything , challenging misbelief with fact checking has the counterintuitive effect of reinforcing that misbelief .
Unlike the Bullock study , Nyhan and Reifler only demonstrate this effect of cognitive dissonance on Republican volunteers , and acknowledge that follow - up studies are needed with liberal or Democratic volunteers .
These findings , if true , have worrying implications .
Cognitive dissonance wo n't help people make rational decisions , but it also suggests that there 's little point in arguing with someone who holds an opposing belief .
Could this response be why , despite being repeatedly refuted in the media , the percentage of Americans who believe Sen.
Obama to be a Muslim continues to grow ?
The research might also apply beyond the political to other attitudes — I'm thinking of the constant flame wars between fans of the PS3 and Xbox 360 , or Mac and PC users .
Is all that time spent in the Battlefront or the Soap Box wasted ?
It seems to suggest that this effect might lead to problems when it comes to efforts to educate people about controversial or politically charged topics ;
I 'm thinking here of climate change or evolution skeptics , both groups that have been targeted by think tanks and interest groups with vested interests in challenging accepted facts .
It also points to the rationale behind media outlets like Fox News or Air America , where ideologues can have facts that support their world view continually reinforced .
Sadly , that 's bad news for anyone who 's interested in honest and open public debate .
Further reading :
Simplify Media and Notifixious recently switched to ejabberd .
Welcome to those new social networks in our community .
SimplifyMedia is a social network for music sharing .
They switched to ejabberd during the summer , as posted on their blog .
Notifixious made the same switch to ejabberd during the week end , as explained on their blog .
You are welcome in our community .
Thank you for your confidence !
This is for us a good incentive to keep going the current work to turn ejabberd into an XMPP application server .
This is one of the most acclaimed features for social networks .
They join Identica microblogging community ( IMtrends ) and Gnip ( IMTrends ) .
What Cheer , IA - A used - car salesman in a small town in Iowa is offering 5 % discounts to customers who agree to place a John McCain sticker on their new car ’s bumper .
Jedikiah Robertson , the 51 - year - old owner of the car dealership , decided to run the promotion from October until election day .
The dealership , officially known as Jedikiah ’s Previously Owned Vehicles of What Cheer , is offering an automatic 5 % reduction of the vehicle ’s purchase price if the buyer agrees to slap a McCain 2008 sticker on the bumper .
In addition to boosting car sales , Jedikiah also hopes to lend some shameless compulsory promotion to the McCain / Palin campaign .
He believes this strategy will serve his financial interests in more ways than one .
“ Under that Muslim fella ’s tax plan , I would fall into the ‘ wealthy ’ category , which means the government would tax the daylights out of me .
I work hard for my money , and I ’m not inclined to part with it .
Hawking cars day in and day out ai n’t easy .
I have to wind a lot of odometers back and glue a lot of bumpers on to pull in my $ 250,000 a year , ” says Jedikiah .
Jedikiah Robertson , or “ J. Ro ” to his drinking buddies , has been a fervent supporter of the McCain / Palin campaign ever since he learned of the two candidates ’ tax policies .
Barack Obama plans to increase the tax burden on the wealthiest Americans , a group that includes Jedikiah and his wife , Mabel .
The two refuse to take the possibility of higher taxes lying down .
“ We want to do everything we can to keep that Borat Obama from takin ’ our money , and we reckon , shoot , why not sell some used cars while we ’re at it , ” Mabel added .
The unusual promotion certainly has caused quite a stir in the small town of What Cheer .
The whole town is abuzz , and the promotion is also drawing business from surrounding areas .
Marge Gunderson , who recently purchased a car from Jedikiah , drove all the way from the even smaller town of Winchestertonfieldville , Iowa when she got wind of the promotion .
When asked if she had been willing to place a McCain sticker on her new car ’s bumper , Marge responded , “ Oh , you betcha .
I like that Sarah Palin , and her running mate is a heck of a guy , too .
I guess I just like the maverickishness they both have . ”
Some customers have even wanted to go above and beyond Jedikiah ’s one - sticker - per-car request .
Buck Johnson , another customer of the dealership , asked Jedikiah if he could get the car for free if he fashioned hundreds of John McCain stickers in the shape of flames on the sides of his new vehicle .
Jedikiah declined , limiting each customer to only a 5 % discount .
Jedikiah concedes that customers could easily take advantage of the promotion without necessarily accomplishing his end goal .
For instance , one customer , a rabid Obama supporter who wished to remain anonymous , bought a car from Jedikiah , got the discount , and endured the ignominy of a McCain - emblazoned bumper just long enough to drive off the lot .
Once out of view , he ripped off and ritualistically burned the sticker and is now having a three - by - five - feet mural of Obama ’s face put on his car by the world famous What Cheer Kustomz Kar Kompany .
He is also looking into 24 ″ chrome spinners with a twirling Obama head in the center .
If nothing else , Jedikiah ’s sales ploy has certainly brought publicity to his modest small - town dealership .
He also believes he has done his part in promoting the McCain / Palin ticket .
“ It ’s like that shirt Mabel got me for Christmas . . .
I ’d rather be a conservative nut job than a liberal with no nuts and no job , ” Robertson said with a hearty chuckle .
Whether Robertson ’s grassroots McCain campaign promotion will change the political landscape indelibly remains to be seen .
Come election day , though , Jedikiah says he ’ll have “ no compunction ” about taking a little bit of credit for a McCain / Palin victory .
Click to viewZombies flooded Manhattan this weekend .
Pulling their golden parachutes and crumbling portfolios , decaying bankers roamed the streets looking for brains and bailouts .
This years NYC 's annual Zombie Con brought all the decomposing masses out , to paint the town red with the blood of my 401K , while anointing the Wall Street bull statue with their zombie guts .
Exclusive undead video recap .
The Undead Roam The Streets A Little More On Zombie Con The zombie romp started near Madison Square Garden .
The undead dragged their broken limbs through the streets and into Macy's , Manhattan Mall , Victoria 's Secret and all the way down to the Lower East Side .
After stopping for a brief alcohol fused zombie dance party , they went in search for brains on the train all the way down to Wall Street .
Stopping only to crawl all over the Charging Bull , run into windows , spill their undead blood on the streets and make small children uncomfortable .
Video by Chris Person .
Advertisement
There is an ongoing development regarding Dead Space 4 , as Electronics Arts already closed Visceral Games .
This was after EA was under hot water due to loot box controversy .
Stunning Revelation
The studio has been behind the hit survival - horror game Dead Space .
Thus , its senior game development director has aired some of the things that perhaps everyone deserves to know .
The closure of Visceral Games has had some reasons behind it , including the development of a linear , single player game .
For instance , the game called Cuphead is one that offers a single game mode but still a success .
A new studio would take on the development of the Dead Space franchise .
Well , this could work , but there might be some issues for people in the industry , as do some of the gamers .
Dead Space 4 Still Possible Without Visceral Games
For this matter , the upcoming release of Dead Space 4 might be developed without Visceral Games .
Thus , it could be handled by another studio for that matter .
The problem with this set up is that many fans are looking forward to have another entry but with more intense features .
This is because they would prefer this to be released on Xbox One or PS4 .
Electronic Arts Still Mum On The Matter
However , reports say that EA ’s closure of Visceral Games has had people wondering if there will ever be another follow up to the popular game .
In fact , EA has been silent regarding the matter , but Dead Space 4 has not been in the works nor has been under development yet .
Needless to say , the risk of putting the next installment of Dead Space to some untested developers is clear .
This is perhaps the reason why fans have suggested the idea that former developers would license the property .
However , this will not likely happen , given this setup .
More so , you can rest assured that the next Dead Space has not been cancelled in circulation , but it might not be in the offing either .
Fans Definitely Want Dead Space 4
The only assurance about Dead Space 4 is that the fans wanted the game badly .
Nevertheless , the game is still lying around , but it does n’t mean that the production is already stopped .
EA did n’t confirm the development of the game , but the only thing for sure is the release date that could happen in the next 2 years when Dead Space 4 will be announced soon .
Dead Space 4 was once expected to be released in 2018 , but since the staff behind Visceral Games left , this might be extended to a later date .
In fact , the most probable date of release would be in 2020 .
If the game will be finally released , fans will be expecting new features and new breed of Necromorphs .
This will be a lot different from the previous game plot , making it more interesting to the fans .
Dead Space 4 should become even more challenging with the unexpected strength of the antagonists in the game .
Thus , fans could n’t wait to play the next big release date .
In modernizing this old tradition , some of us hoped McCain would take sides in the debate now dividing the G.O.P. Some Republicans believe the G.O.P. went astray by abandoning its tax - cutting , anti-government principles .
They want a return to Reagan ( or at least the Reagan of their imaginations ) .
But others want to modernize and widen the party and adapt it to new challenges .
Some of us hoped that by reforming his party , which has grown so unpopular , McCain could prove that he could reform the country .
Image Credit ...
Barry Blitt
But McCain never took sides in this debate and never articulated a governing philosophy , Hamiltonian or any other .
In Sunday ’s issue of The Times Magazine , Robert Draper describes the shifts in tactics that consumed the McCain campaign .
The tactics varied promiscuously , but they were all about how to present McCain , not about how to describe the state of country or the needs of the voter .
It was all biography , which was necessary , but it did not clearly point to a new direction for the party or the country .
The Hamiltonian - Bull Moose tendency is the great , moderate strain in American politics .
In some sense this whole campaign was a contest to see which party could reach out from its base and occupy that centrist ground .
The Democratic Party did that .
Senior Democrats like Robert Rubin , Larry Summers and Jason Furman actually created something called The Hamilton Project to lay out a Hamiltonian approach for our day .
McCain and Republicans stayed within their lines .
There was a lot of talk about earmarks .
There was a good health care plan that was never fully explained .
And there was Sarah Palin , who represents the old resentments and the narrow appeal of conventional Republicanism .
As a result , Democrats now control the middle .
Self - declared moderates now favor Obama by 59 to 30 , according to the New York Times / CBS News poll .
Suburban voters favor Obama 50 to 39 .
Voters over all give him a 21 point lead when it comes to better handling the economy and a 14 point lead on tax policy , according to the Wall Street Journal / NBC News poll .
McCain would be an outstanding president .
In government , he has almost always had an instinct for the right cause .
He has become an experienced legislative craftsman .
He is stalwart against the country ’s foes and cooperative with its friends .
But he never escaped the straitjacket of a party that is ailing and a conservatism that is behind the times .
And that ’s what makes the final weeks of this campaign so unspeakably sad .
So Jenny , The Bloggess , got a box in the mail from LEGO to celebrate their anniversary or a new line or something .
But when she opened the box and pieced together the parts they formed .... an army of trannies !
Despite a plethora of the pink dress tops and female haircuts , not a single head lacked that handsome red mustache perched suggestively over a frown .
What did LEGO have to say about this ?
Each kit was supposed to contain an assortment of random parts ; however , it looks like yours somehow consisted only of angry mustache faces .
Please know that this was not at all done intentionally or to freak anyone out in any way .
First of all , where the f*** was my box of trannies , LEGO ?
And secondly , I 'm not so much " freaked out " as intrigued to what LEGO is secretly doing .
Are they trying to teach children an important lesson about diversity and acceptance ?
Because that would be awesome .
And , as a guy who 's no stranger to trying on his girlfriend 's panties while she 's at work , I 've got to admit : thongs make me feel sexy !
Hit the jump for a closeup so you can see them better .
So I got a box in the mail filled with 80 body parts [ thebloggess ]
AUSTRALIA'S reputation as America's " deputy sheriff " in the region is entrenched despite the fall of the Howard government last year .
But in a sign that public attitudes are shifting at home , a poll to be released today shows younger Australians are more likely to see US meddling in the neighbourhood as a problem .
The survey by Melbourne University 's AsiaLink gives a snapshot of opinion across Australia and Indonesia about relations between the two countries .
Indonesians rank Australia among the top four regional troublemakers , with America heading the list ahead of Malaysia and Israel .
Following on from East Timor 's vote for independence in 1999 and continued unrest in Papua province , Indonesians most fear the break - up of their country and the prospect of outsiders promoting internal dissent .
In turn , Australians overall are more likely to regard Indonesia with hostility , while also being wary of Iran , China and North Korea .
New Al Qaeda Tape Surfaces Despite US Efforts to Block It Cyber war as US disrupts terrorists ' propaganda effort .
September 19 , 2008  --
Al Qaeda 's annual September 11 propaganda video surfaced today , delayed eight days by a concerted US effort to block it .
The tape showed no new pictures or statements from Osama bin Laden , although an al Qaeda figure was interviewed saying bin Laden was in " good health . "
Al Qaeda also showed a video it said was captured from a US bounty hunter , Keith " Jack " Idema , as he appeared to threaten to kill an Afghani citizen during an interrogation .
( click here to watch video )
Idema was later convicted by an Afghan court and sentenced to prison there .
He maintained at his trial that he was secretly working for US intelligence in the hunt for bin Laden , an assertion flatly denied by US officials .
It was the first time in seven years that al Qaeda failed to get its " anniversary message " publicly released on or before September 11 .
US officials declined to comment on what role the government played , saying it is their policy not to comment on sensitive intelligence operations .
But intelligence sources say the US , with help from German and Malaysian authorities , were able to disrupt al Qaeda 's normal internet release method .
" It 's something we 've been trying to do for some time , " said former CIA intelligence officer John Kiriakou , an ABC News consultant .
Intelligence sources say the US has made major strides in infiltrating the al Qaeda internet distribution network and chose to use its knowledge this year to keep the 9/ll tape from coming out immediately .
US officials said they did not expect they could keep the tape permanently blocked .
" They are determined communicators , " said one senior law enforcement official .
A Secret Service agent holds the door for U.S. Democratic presidential nominee Barack Obama on his way to a campaign rally in Pittsburgh on Monday .
( ( Jason Reed / Reuters ) )
Two white supremacists allegedly plotted to go on a national killing rampage , shooting and decapitating black people and ultimately targeting U.S. Democratic presidential candidate Barack Obama , federal authorities said Monday .
In all , the two men whom officials described as neo - Nazi " skinheads " planned to kill 88 people , including 14 by beheading , according to documents unsealed in U.S. District Court in Jackson , Tenn .
The numbers 88 and 14 are symbolic in the white supremacist community .
The rampage , which initially targeted an unidentified predominantly African - American school , was to end with the two men driving toward Obama , " shooting at him from the windows , " the court documents show .
" Both individuals stated they would dress in all - white tuxedos and wear top hats during the assassination attempt , " the court complaint states .
" Both individuals further stated they knew they would , and were willing to , die during this attempt . "
An Obama spokeswoman travelling with the senator in Pennsylvania had no immediate comment .
Arrested in Tennessee
Sheriffs ' deputies in Crockett County , Tenn. , arrested the two suspects — Daniel Cowart , 20 , of Bells , Tenn. , and Paul Schlesselman 18 , of Helena - West Helena , Ark. — Oct. 22 on unspecified charges .
" Once we arrested the defendants and suspected they had violated federal law , we immediately contacted federal authorities , " said Crockett County Sheriff Troy Klyce .
The two were charged by federal authorities Monday with possessing an unregistered firearm , conspiring to steal firearms from a federally licensed gun dealer and threatening a candidate for president .
In this undated photo obtained from a MySpace webpage , Daniel Cowart , 20 , of Bells , Tenn. , is shown holding a weapon .
Cowart and Paul Schlesselman 18 , of West Helena , Ark. , are being held without bond .
( ( Associated Press ) ) Cowart and Schlesselman are being held without bond .
Agents seized a rifle , a sawed - off shotgun and three pistols from the men when they were arrested .
Authorities alleged the two men were preparing to break into a gun shop to steal more .
Jasper Taylor , city attorney in Bells , said Cowart was arrested Wednesday .
He was held for a few days in Bells , then moved over the weekend to another facility .
" It was kept under lid until today , " Taylor said .
Until his arrest , Cowart lived with his grandparents in a southern , rural part of the county , Taylor said , adding that Cowart apparently never graduated from high school .
He moved away , possibly to Arkansas or Texas , then returned over the summer , Taylor said .
2 suspects met online
Lawyer Joe Byrd , hired to represent Cowart , did not immediately return a call seeking comment Monday .
Messages left on two phone numbers listed under Cowart 's name were not immediately returned .
No telephone number for Schlesselman in Helena - West Helena could be immediately found .
U.S. federal authorities alleged Monday that white supremacist Paul Schlesselman plotted to go on a national killing spree , shooting and decapitating black people and ultimately targeting U.S. Democratic presidential candidate Barack Obama .
(( Crockett County Sheriff Office / AP Photo ) )
The court documents say the two men met about a month ago on the internet and found common ground in their shared " white power " and " skinhead " philosophy .
The numbers 14 and 88 are symbols referring to a 14 - word phrase attributed to an imprisoned white supremacist —
" We must secure the existence of our people and a future for white children " — and to the eighth letter of the alphabet , H .
HH or two eights stand for " Heil Hitler . "
Court records say Cowart and Schlesselman also bought nylon rope and ski masks to use in a robbery or home invasion to fund their plot , during which they allegedly planned to go from state to state and kill people .
Agents said the two did not identify the African - American school they were targeting by name .
Jim Cavanaugh , special agent in charge of the Nashville , Tenn. , field office for the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco Firearms and Explosives , said authorities took the threats very seriously .
" They said that would be their last , final act — that they would attempt to kill Senator Obama , " Cavanaugh said .
" They did n't believe they would be able to do it , but that they would get killed trying . "
He added : " They seemed determined to do it .
Even if they were just to try it , it would be a trail of tears around the South . "
An ATF affidavit filed in the case says Cowart and Schlesselman told investigators the day they were arrested they had shot at a glass window at Beech Grove Church of Christ , a congregation of about 60 black members in Brownsville , Tenn .
Nelson Bond , the church secretary and treasurer , said no one was at the church when the shot was fired .
Members found the bullet had shattered the glass in the church 's front door when they arrived for evening Bible study .
" We have been on this site for about 120 years and we have never had a problem like this before , " said Bond , 53 and a church member for 45 years .
More charges possible
The investigation is continuing and more charges are possible , Cavanaugh said , adding that there 's no evidence so far that others were willing to assist Cowart and Schlesselman with the plot .
At this point , there does not appear to be any formal assassination plan , Secret Service spokesman Eric Zahren said .
" Whether or not they had the capability or the wherewithal to carry out an attack remains to be seen , " he said .
Zahren said the statements about the assassination came out in interviews after the men were arrested last week .
The Secret Service became involved once it was clear that an Obama assassination attempt was part of a violent , far - reaching plot .
" We do n't discount anything , " Zahren said , adding that it's one thing for the defendants to make statements , but it's not the same as having an organized assassination plan .
Helena - West Helena , on the Mississippi River in east Arkansas 's Delta , is in one of the country 's poorest regions , trailing even parts of Appalachia in its standard of living .
Police Chief Fred Fielder said he had never heard of Schlesselman .
However , the reported threat of attacking a school filled with black students worried Fielder .
Helena - West Helena , with a population of 12,200 , is 66 per cent black .
Here 's John McCain 's big plan for the budget : make a whole lot of noise about eliminating of the piece of the budget pie representing earmarks ( and remember that most earmarks simply mandate where monies will be spent , they do n't create any new spending ) :
[ Note : The OMB estimates earmarks to be 16.9 billion in 2008 .
Current federal expenditures for 2008 are not yet available , so the chart uses the 2007 value of 2880.5 billion from the BEA ( the ratio is approximately one half percent , i.e. 0.59 % ) .
Since federal expenditures for 2008 will exceed those of 2007 , this means that the area for earmarks shown in the diagram is overestimated , i.e. it is larger than the true value .
The NY Times also notes that " earmarks ... make up less than 1 % of the federal budget . " ] .
All the recent controversy over McCain lying about Palin 's earmark requests , as he did most recently on The View , is noteworthy for what is says about McCain 's ( lack of ) character , but more generally it is misdirecting us from more important issues .
Earmarks are only a minor part of the overall budget , and issues such as health care reform are much more important since rising health care costs will absolutely dwarf any savings from earmarks .
Here 's the centerpiece of McCain 's economic plan : drill for oil , then pretend like it will help at the pump :
I can't even see the sliver of yellow until after 2015 , and even after that it 's not much of a contribution .
That 's supposed to lower gas prices ?
With such a solid foundation for the polcy porposals - a couple of slivers of pie - I can't imagine why the McCain campaign would resort to lies , deceptions , misdirection , and misleading characterizations to sell these " big " plans .
Update : Brad Delong has a slightly more detailed version of the first graph here ( scroll down ) .
“ No Checks .
No Balances .
No Stopping Them . ”
That ’s the new Action Alert from the Republican Senatorial Campaign Committee – and a sign that some Republicans are now openly conceding the White House , but scrambling to keep a firewall on Capitol Hill .
That Democrats will roar into the 111th Congress with a majority is now conventional wisdom in Washington .
The question is how much of a majority – and will it reach the 60 - vote threshold needed to break a filibuster ?
In the last days of the 2008 race , those 60 votes are looming large in races from Maine to Oregon , and nowhere more apparently than in North Carolina , once viewed as a safe seat for Senate Republicans .
Democratic state Sen. Kay Hagan was n’t the national party ’s first choice to challenge Elizabeth Dole , a former GOP presidential candidate and two - time cabinet secretary .
A former “ working mom ” ( banker ) , Ms. Hagan was n’t even that well known in North Carolina , where she spent 10 years in the state Senate , including co-chairing the budget committee .
But Hagan is now taking Democrats within range of the 60 votes they need for a filibuster - proof US Senate .
“ People are ready for a change , ” she said in an interview between events on Day 1 of early voting in North Carolina last week .
“ People are worried about jobs , the economy , and desperate for someone they can trust with the issues , ” she says .
“ And Elizabeth Dole was only in the state 13 days in 2006 . ”
To emphasize the point , Hagan appears on the campaign trail with a pair of red slippers – a reference to the ruby slippers that Dorothy used to get back to Kansas in the movie “ The Wizard of Oz . ” ( Senator Dole ’s husband , former US Senate Republican leader and 1996 GOP presidential nominee Robert Dole , is from Kansas . )
To appear out of touch with your state is a misstep that has felled Senate giants in the past , most recently in the stunning upset in 2004 of Senate Democratic leader Tom Daschle .
But in the current political climate – with a national economic crisis that most voters blame on years of Republican control – it ’s an even bigger political liability .
“ What made Dole vulnerable in the first place was that she just has n’t had a strong presence in North Carolina , ” says David Rohde , a political scientist at Duke University in Durham , N.C. “ She was regarded as an attractive person when she first ran , and that was enough to get her through the first time in a much more hospitable political environment than what we have now .
“ But the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee had enormous resources to put into races , including this one , very early , ” he adds .
“ They went on the attack and really shaped the perceptions of Dole in the state .
That ’s a lot easier to do if the senator does n’t have a strong presence . ”
By contrast , Sen. Susan Collins of Maine , once viewed as one of the most vulnerable Republican senators this cycle , appears to have sheltered her campaign from national storms by her relatively independent voting record and closely maintained relations with constituents .
Until recently , political handicappers put Democrats just out of range of 60 seats .
But the deepening mortgage and credit crisis is changing that calculus .
If current trends hold , Democrats are on track to win Senate seats in Virginia , Alaska , Colorado , New Hampshire , and New Mexico .
Four other races – in North Carolina , Oregon , Mississippi , and Minnesota – are in statistical dead heats .
And , in recent weeks , Democrats have mounted strong challenges in GOP strongholds in Kentucky and Georgia .
“ Democrats are in range of winning seven to nine seats , ” says Jennifer Duffy , who analyzes Senate races for the Cook Political Report in Washington .
“ From the beginning , Democrats had a lot of cookie - cutter messages , such as the ‘ Bush - Dole ’ economy , but the message got a lot more powerful when the markets started to go south , ” she adds .
In a bid to roll back that wave , Republicans are launching new ads on the dangers of unified government in Washington .
In North Carolina , a 30 - second ad warns that “ These liberals want complete control of government in a time of crisis ....
If she wins , they get a blank check . ”
While polls in recent campaign cycles signaled that the public did value divided government , it ’s not clear that will be a convincing argument in the current political climate .
“ There ’s probably some sentiment that we want our government checked , but we ’ve had a long period of divided government since the 1960s , ” says Julian Zelizer , a congressional historian at Princeton University in Princeton , N.J. “ More urgent is the idea of change and responding to the economic crisis , which does n’t lend itself to divided government .
That leads to gridlock in the minds of the public . ”
“ I do n’t hear Americans saying , make sure you have balanced government , although they might believe that , ” says Sen. Charles Schumer ( D ) of New York , who chairs the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee .
“ They say , get something done to help me and stop the partisan gridlock . ”
George Will :
Time was , the Baltimore Orioles ’ manager was Earl Weaver , a short , irascible , Napoleonic figure who , when cranky , as he frequently was , would shout at an umpire , “ Are you going to get any better or is this it ? ”
With , mercifully , only one debate to go , that is the question about John McCain ’s campaign … .
[ T ]he Obama campaign is benefiting from a mass mailing it is not paying for .
Many millions of American households are gingerly opening envelopes containing reports of the third - quarter losses in their 401 ( k ) and other retirement accounts — telling each household its portion of the nearly $ 2 trillion that Americans ’ accounts have recently shed .
In this context , the McCain - Palin campaign ’s attempt to get Americans to focus on Obama ’s Chicago associations seems surreal — or , as a British politician once said about criticism he was receiving , “ like being savaged by a dead sheep . ”
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
In 2002 , Republican Rep. Saxby Chambliss was running against Senator Max Cleland ( D - Ga. ) , in one of the most bitter races of that election cycle .
With 9/11 still fresh , Chambliss ran an attack ad featuring a photo of Osama bin Laden that accused Cleland , a Vietnam veteran and triple amputee , of not having the “ courage to lead ” on national security .
The ad worked ; Chambliss won .
But even Republicans thought the attack on Cleland ’s patriotism was over the top : Chuck Hagel ( R - Neb . ) called it “ beyond offensive . ”
This year , Democrats are looking to get their revenge by kicking Chambliss to the curb .
And they think Jim Martin , a longtime state legislator and former candidate for lieutenant governor , is just the man to avenge Cleland .
Can Democrats really pick up a seat in deep - red Georgia ?
Until late September , it did n’t look possible .
Chambliss led by a 17 - point margin in a poll released on September 16 .
But as the economy worsened , Chambliss suddenly appeared vulnerable .
Now most polls have Martin within a few points .
Martin has yet to show a lead in a major non-partisan poll , but Nate Silver of fivethirtyeight.com thinks the polls are “ lowballing ” Martin and the race is closer than it seems :
The polls , from what I can tell , are showing a fairly high undecided vote among the African - American population .
Rasmussen ’s most recent poll , which had Saxby Chambliss up by two , shows that 12 percent of black voters are undecided in the senate race .
Were those voters to split 4:1 to Jim Martin , that would be worth a net of around 2 points to him , making the race a tie .
SurveyUSA , likewise , shows a higher rate of undecideds among black voters ( 7 % ) than among whites ( 3 % ) .
Even if the Georgia Senate race did n’t have the Cleland backstory , Democrats would find it fascinating .
Ever since they took control of the Senate in January 2007 , Democrats have been frustrated by an unprecedented number of Republican filibusters .
If they can pick up at least nine seats in the Senate , the Democrats would have the 60 votes ( including independents Bernie Sanders and Joe Lieberman ) they need to break Republican filibusters .
Winning the Georgia race looks increasingly crucial to that strategy .
If the Democrats win the easy seats in Virginia , New Mexico , and Colorado , the closer races in Oregon , New Hampshire , Alaska , and North Carolina , and the squeaker in Minnesota , they ’d still need one more seat to get to 60 .
The only remaining races within single digits are in Southern states : Mississippi , Kentucky , and Georgia .
And many Democrats think Martin and the Georgia race are a good bet .
That Martin , who calls himself a “ proud Democrat and a proud progressive , ” might have a chance in deeply conservative Georgia might come as a shock .
But in an interview with OpenLeft ’s Matt Stoller , Martin said he thinks progressives can run and win in the South , because “ people are fed up with where we are as a country , and they are looking for real change . ”
Perhaps Martin ’s most interesting position is his opposition to the $ 700 billion mortgage bailout bill .
Martin says the bailout “ failed to address the fundamental problems created by the deregulation of Wall Street .
And it lacked consumer protections to stem the abusive lending practices that are at the root of this crisis . ”
Chambliss supported the bailout bill .
If Martin manages to pull out a victory in Georgia , not only will the Democrats be closer to thwarting GOP filibusters ; progressive Democrats will have a new advocate in Washington .
( That is , a reader points out , if Martin manages to get more than 50 percent of the vote on election day .
Otherwise , a runoff will be scheduled for December ) .
Ore. School Says Students Confess to Hanging Obama Effigy From Tree An Oregon College says four students confessed to hanging effigy from tree .
Oct. 1 , 2008  --
Four college students have confessed to hanging a cardboard effigy of Barack Obama from a tree on their Oregon campus last week , school officials said today .
The George Fox University students were immediately issued long - term suspensions and mandatory community service , according to a statement released by the school .
School officials at the Christian university declined to identify the four students or provide further details about their punishment .
Local police are not pursuing the incident because they did n't find the act to be criminal , but the FBI has opened a preliminary investigation into whether or not any civil rights laws were violated , according to FBI spokeswoman Beth Ann Steele .
A George Fox University employee discovered the life - size cutout of the Democratic presidential candidate hanging from a campus tree last week with a fishing line around its neck .
Posted on the cardboard effigy was a sign that read " Act Six Reject . "
Act Six is a program that promotes campus diversity and urban leadership .
It awards full scholarships to up to 10 students annually ; most of them -- but not all -- are minorities .
The school 's president , Robin Baker , issued a public statement condemning the act and emphasizing the school 's commitment to fostering racial diversity .
" We want the world to know that we take diversity and racial reconciliation very seriously and that this abhorrent act that was senselessly carried out by a few students does not in any way reflect the commitments and beliefs of this institution .
There is no excuse for this behavior , " Baker said in the statement
Dean of transitions and inclusions Joel Perez , who oversees diversity initiatives at George Fox , said there was relief that the students who were apparently involved had been identified .
" It helps bring some closure , " Perez said .
" But this particular incident highlighted that we have a lot of work to do in our diversity training . "
The school has initiated several new programs to respond to the incident including forming an advisory council on diversity with community members outside the school , developing a new school curriculum to educate students about racial issues , and initiating peer - to - peer dialogue about racism led by student groups .
Perez said that while he was not sure of the perpetrators ' motive , he hoped that the entire student body understood the gravity of the incident .
" Hanging a black man from a tree is an image that obviously displays something that we as a country are not very proud of in our history , " Perez said .
" It 's still something that needs to be taken seriously , even if they did n't realize the importance of the image .
It has a lot of emotional history and demonstrates racism . "
Effigy Hanging Shocks Students , Administrators
According to Perez , reaction to the students ' punishment was mixed , but everyone was still talking about the racially charged incident that rocked the campus last week .
Robin Baker told ABCNews.com that he was " shocked , dismayed and disturbed " by the incident .
" I 'm upset because it 's an assault to kids I love , and I 'm upset because it's an attack on the very commitment I have , to try to build a place that will truly educate students in a way that will help them see the world differently , " he said .
Baker strongly condemned the act the day after the cutout was discovered during an emotional school gathering that drew 1,200 people .
Baker also addressed the 17 Act Six students who attend George Fox the night of the incident .
Many were unaware of what had happened before the meeting , because the cutout was promptly removed ; only a few students saw it , according to the college .
Baker said the Act Six students urged him and the school to be open about the incident and tackle it head on .
Jen Psaki , a spokeswoman for the Illinois senator , told ABC News last week that " This was an unfortunate incident , but over the course of the last 19 months , we have had a very positive response from Oregonians across the state . "
In a letter drafted to Obama , Baker apologized for the incident and made clear that it did not reflect the college 's views on his candidacy .
" Our campus community was outraged and disheartened by this unfortunate incident and would like to extend our deepest apologies to you and your family for any harm this may have caused , " Baker said in the letter .
" Please know that this incident does not represent how our community feels about issues of race or your candidacy . "
Incident Sparks Important Conversation About Race
George Fox is a predominantly white Christian college with 1,800 students .
The incoming freshman class is the school 's most diverse , with minorities making up 25 percent of it .
George Fox was founded in 1891 by Quakers , a group known for its tolerance , making the incident all the more hard to swallow for students and administrators .
" I joined this community as an undergrad in 1988 , and I have never seen an act of overt racism , " said school spokesman Rob Felton .
" Universally , every single person who hears about this finds it offensive and believes it is diametrically opposed to the values that we as a Christian college espouse . "
Sophomore Ryan Moats , who is Hispanic and one of the school 's Act Six students , was surprised by the incident because he personally had n't faced racism on campus .
" The initial reaction was just shock because there 's never been anything like this on campus , " he said .
" I would say there is a little bit of outrage not just from minorities but from people in general . "
But Moats said the incident had sparked dialogue on the issue of racism .
" It 's hard to comprehend that it takes something this horrible and this ugly to make us talk , " Moats said .
" But it opened our eyes and our hearts to more discussion about diversity and politics , and things we might not have ordinarily wanted to talk about . "
Tim Herron , Act Six 's national director , said there was a lot to learn from the incident .
" The ignorance and racism behind this incident was exactly what lead to the founding of [ this organization ] , " Herron said .
" Part of what we have tried to do in Act Six is prepare young people to be able to confront and challenge those prejudices in a constructive way . "
This is exactly what Felton hopes will emerge from this racially charged incident .
He said that the effigy 's hanging brings to light important issues that need to be discussed not only on his campus but around the country .
" It sparks an important conversation that we need to have about race in our culture .
It 's not something we can brush under the rug , " he said .
ABC News ' Sunlen Miller contributed to this report .
As some of you may recall , a few weeks ago I wrote about how DirecTV pulled a bait and switch on the service at my house .
After about 45 minutes on the phone with customer service I finally gave up trying to plead my case which was that the offer I had signed up for was for $ 41.99 for 12 months but that I was being charged $ 67.99 for 12 months ” ¦and they said I never got an offer for $ 41.99 , so too bad for me .
Nice job , DirecTV , way to care about your paying customers .
Oh how I longed for the days of cable TV at that point , which I had had zero problems with since the beginning of time .
But I digress .
So what ’s the issue with DirecTV customer service now ?
I am going on my third receiver that has not worked correctly in only two months that I have had their service , I have not had TV in 7 days because of it , they still do n’t seem to care that a brand new customer is having any problems , and they were so kind to offer a whole $ 10 credit .
Yippee !
Ah shucks DirecTV , you are too kind .
Today I was on the phone with them for 1 hour and 42 minutes .
Yep , over an hour and a half .
I talked to a rep who had no idea what she was doing , would not transfer me to a supervisor even though I repeatedly asked to be connected to one , and then when I finally got mad enough for her to do it , she was in the background talking smack to the supervisor .
Seriously ?
What is this , 8th grade ?
And you know what I got resolved ?
Nothing – and they are sending yet another receiver to my house … which should be here in 3 days .
And then I get to call them back , go through this whole thing again , and probably have this one be broken too .
So instead of them just sending a truck out to my house , they are wasting everyone ’s time – especially mine , now that I have spent over 3 hours total on the phone with DirecTV .
This company has the absolute worst customer service of any company I have ever dealt with .
I would rather stab myself in the eye while buying a new car at MSRP then deal with these people anymore .
At this point , I am starting to think that it would be worth paying the exorbitant cancellation fee just to set my mind at ease .
I will warn you one more time as I did last time –
Before you sign up with DirecTV , please stop and look for an alternative way to get your television fix .
Even if you have to go sit in Circuit City at primetime to watch your favorite shows , do that instead of signing an agreement with DirecTV .
Seriously .
Oh , and it turns out that it ’s not only DirecTV ; Dish Network has terrible customer service too !
Pets can be regarded as almost as important as children
A divorcee has been awarded £ 50,000 a year maintenance - to keep her horses in the manner to which they have become accustomed .
What does this mean for tug - of - love battles over the family pet , asks solicitor Kathy Pinney .
Divorcing your partner can be a traumatic experience .
Add some children into the mix or large amounts of money and it becomes more so .
But when the family pet , or other animals , are involved sparks can really fly .
When couples separate and divorce , it 's surprising just how much time can be spent discussing what should happen to the animals the unhappy couple once shared .
She was a dedicated horsewoman , in fact she is quoted in the judgment as describing the horses as being ' her family '
There are often frequent and bitter arguments as to who will keep Buster , or who will meet the cost of Tabitha 's vet bills .
Forgetting the highly emotional element of dealing with who will get the pet , the ongoing costs of keeping it happy and healthy can be an expensive business .
Owning a cat or a dog can cost in the region of £ 600 per year - and that 's without occasional trips to the vet .
Keep something larger , such as a horse , and the costs can soar .
It 's well accepted that horses are an expensive hobby , especially if kept for showing , eventing or hunting - predominantly a luxury of the rich .
Not only are there the ongoing costs of keeping the animal fed and stabled , there are the costs of a horsebox , six - weekly farrier bills and the costs of entering events .
Good groom
As most divorce cases settle long before a judge gets to give his or her final word , the case law has been silent as to how the courts will treat the costs of maintaining horses and other pets upon divorce .
Typically , if a couple separates and one party wishes to keep the family pony , detailed schedules as to the income needs of the parties are drafted .
They set out not only the cost of council tax and the annual food budget , but also the costs of keeping the animals , which in some cases could include the market rate of a good groom .
The cost of owning a pet can be high
The obligation of one party to meet these costs comes broadly within the statutory framework as to the standard of living enjoyed by the parties before the breakdown of the marriage .
There are no specific provisions with the statute relating to horses or any other animal .
Recently the issue of ongoing maintenance to support a keen horsewoman 's lifestyle and her horses was addressed directly in a divorce battle .
The couple , who were not named , had been married for 11 years and had no children .
He worked in the city and she worked part - time , spending the majority of her time caring for their four horses , three belonging to the wife and one to the husband .
It 's pretty clear she was a dedicated horsewoman and is even quoted in the judgment as describing them as " her family " .
She was also described as " a talented rider participating in eventing " .
All about money
In the financial proceedings , she sought enough money to purchase a house with sufficient land to graze the horses .
She also sought a reasonable maintenance , factoring in the cost of looking after them .
The judge at first instance recognised her needs in terms of herself and the horses and she was awarded enough money to buy a large property with land .
She was also awarded maintenance of £ 50,000 a year to meet her needs , including those of the horses .
Her ex appealed against the decision but failed .
So does this mean a person with a pony gets to keep it upon divorce and can expect ongoing maintenance payments ?
The answer depends very much on whether there 's enough money to meet the costs of maintaining the animal .
This decision will not just apply to those keeping horses .
A wife who breeds spaniels and enters them into local dog shows could have a case .
It 's not inconceivable that she would be awarded sufficient money to buy a property with kennels or maintenance to cover the cost of the vet 's bills and doggy treats .
It may be less of fighting like cats and dogs , more fighting over the cats and dogs .
Kathy Pinney is a solicitor in the family law team at Boodle Hatfield Below is a selection of your comments .
I think as time goes on marriage will become a thing of the past , certainly for anyone with a career or possible assets .
It will be too risky a venture and people will look to alternatives .
Rather sad I think .
Geoff Leavitt , Sheffield
If I had a divorce , I would happily pay money to my ex-wife for the maintenance of our son / daughter to aid his / her upbringing etc .
But the sole purpose of a pet is to serve as a companion or friend .
If my ex-wife kept the pet I would expect her to pay ALL necessary costs .
Understandably , it would be difficult to choose WHO keeps the pet .
But in my opinion , whoever keeps it , pays for it .
If neither partner can afford to keep the pet by themselves , the animal should be sent to a rescue centre for eventual re-housing .
I would refuse to pay for the upkeep of an animal if I was unable to continue experiencing the benefits of having a pet .
Scott Tyrrell , Grimsby I completely agree with the ruling on this case , some people choose to have animals instead of children and a high percentage of people treat their animals as their children .
In the case of horses their care often demands as much as the demands of a child hence close bonds are formed .
Why should something that is as important to some people as a child would be - be ignored in a divorce ?
I do disagree with the comment that horse ownership is a " luxury of the rich " - the BBC will find that the high majority of horse owners are hard working people who do have full time jobs to fund their hobby and tend to go without many things to pay for their interest - myself included .
It is about time people stopped stereotyping .
Gemma , Huddersfield
This would be pretty ironic if it were the animals that caused husband and wife to fall out in the first place - more than possible I would have thought .
However , someone has to pay for the animals ' upkeep and welfare .
You can't just store them in the attic or throw them out for the refuse - collector .
Doug Richardson , Tiverton Pardon the pun but the Judge is barking , sensible thing would be to sell the horses and split the money .
If one party wants to keep them then let them fund it , ridiculous .
John Young , Glasgow
That 's just totally unfair !
Not only does the " loser " not have the pet but they have to cough up .
It 's obscene that woman is getting four times what I earn a year to support her hobby .
If she wants to keep horses she needs to get a full time job or if she does n't want to do that live in a more appropriate manner .
Margaret Coyle , Bangor
This is more about lifestyle and maintenance rather than the horses .
Lots of wives ask for thousands ( and hundreds of thousands ) in maintenance to support a lifestyle and this is just the same .
Look at Heather McCartney !
Alice , Reading Whatever happened to " if you can't afford to keep it , do n't have it ? "
I am married and we have three dogs .
If we ever decided to split up I would probably end up with the dogs .
This would mean I would probably have to re home them , as I could barely afford to find accommodation for just me , let alone three dogs .
This is ridiculous !
Anne Boyce , Halifax , England I agree that she should get a job to maintain the horses , but to say that they should be sold to split the money ?
It 's not as simple as that .
My horse is the centre of my world and I would do anything to keep him , so to sell him as part of a divorce settlement ( I 'm not married anyway ) would be unthinkable .
But then he is mine alone , neither bought nor maintained by my partner .
Having said that , how many people could honestly say they would turn down this sort of money to maintain their hobby ?!
It is obviously within the financial means of her ex , and her horse is as important as a child to her , as is mine , so why not ?
By the way , horses are not ' predominantly a luxury of the rich ' .
The average horse owner , including me , is poor as a church mouse , because all the money they have goes on their horses .
I go without to ensure he has everything , rarely buy any clothing or item that 's not related in some way to horses and look after him myself .
Helen Greenwood , Caerphilly I can't believe the selfishness of some of these comments .
Animals are NOT assets or goods just to be disposed of when they are no longer viable .
I am sick to the back teeth of people treating animals with such hate and disrespect .
What happened to the adage , a dog is for life , not for Christmas ?
Does this apply only when it suits you ?
How short are memories ?
How cruel and disgusting is human nature ?
The woman in the article has every right to the maintenance money .
It 's sick to consider otherwise .
Will Hill , Norwich , Norfolk
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Metal worked in fire was widely seen as having special power , Dr. Lamp added , “ and combining these materials in compacted clay was believed to increase the power of these objects . ”
The practice , he said , is well documented to this day among the Mande groups , principally in what are now Sierra Leone , Guinea and Mali , and the Yoruba people of Nigeria and Benin .
Nor should the Kongo people be ruled out as a source of these religious practices , scholars said .
This culture , living in lands around the Congo River and in Angola and Cabinda , was a major source of African - American slaves .
Kongo bundles contain stones , shells and other items that are supposed to hold the spirits of the dead for the use of the living in a custom that underlies hoodoo .
The bundle ’s most striking component , the stone axe , was especially intriguing .
Dr. Lamp said this brought to mind the Yoruba and the Fon people of Benin , who considered the axe blade a symbol of Shango , their god of thunder and lightning .
Matthew D. Cochran , a doctoral student in anthropology at University College London , who uncovered the bundle , said it would probably prove to be associated with Yoruba practices related to Shango .
In the lands of coastal West Africa then , and in its rural areas still , these rituals and materials were used by community practitioners , whose role was akin to that of American Indian medicine men .
They were not attached to any world religion , or any institution .
But people went to them at small sanctuaries in the woods in time of grief and distress .
The practitioners , with one of these bundles at hand , rallied spiritual forces to deal with personal crises .
Image Credit ... Brian G. Payne / University of Maryland
The Annapolis bundle , presumably made by a recent African immigrant , was excavated four feet below Fleet Street , which is near the Maryland Capitol and the waterfront .
The object is 10 inches high , 6 inches wide and 4 inches thick .
It remains intact , though an outer wrapping , probably of leather or cloth , has decayed , leaving an impression on the clay surface .
The bundle is to go on display this week at the African American Museum in Annapolis .
Me : “ Thank you for calling [ Company ] .
This is [ My Name ] in the breast aesthetics department .
How may I help you ? ”
Customer : “ My left boob popped . ”
Me : “ Okay , so the implant failed ? ”
Customer : “ Yes . ”
Me : “ Are your implants silicone gel or saline ? ”
Customer : “ The water kind . ”
Me : “ So , we ’ve had a saline deflation .
I need to ask you some questions in regards to how it may have deflated . ”
Customer : “ Why , do n’t you believe me ? ”
Me : “ Of course I believe you , but as part of making our implants even better and evaluating where under the device ’s warranty this falls , I need to know what may have led up to the implant ’s leak . ”
Customer : “ Oh , so you think this is my fault ?!
You make a crappy implant and you have the nerve to blame me ? ”
Me : “ Wait , wait .
First , I did n’t make your implant , my company did .
I ’m here to help you get this fixed in the fastest way possible and that starts with finding out how the implant deflated . ”
Customer : “ So you want to know what I did to screw them up , is that right ?
I spend a fortune on these things to be walking around with a flat tire of a tit and you think it ’s my fault ? ”
Me : “ No , ma’am .
I simply need to know how to cover this under your warranty , to see how much money we are going to give you to fix the problem .
We give you a check for money to fix the problem if you ’ll just answer my questions .
What do you remember doing when you first noticed the deflation in your breast ? ”
Customer : “ My boyfriend and I were playing sex hide - and - seek in the house and he thought it would be more fun if my boobs glowed .
So , he used a needle tube to insert little red lights into them … what do you call those little glowing lights ?
It ’s like three letters ? ”
Me : “ … a diode ? ”
Customer : “ Yes .
He ’s a trained professional …
He uses them on animals at his job all the time . ”
Me : “ So , your boyfriend punched a hole in your chest and tried inserting a diode inside the implant ? ”
Customer : “ Well , not in my chest .
Just on the top side of my boob so it would n’t hurt .
He numbed it first . ”
Me : “ … and this is the implant ’s fault , how ? ”
Customer : “ It started leaking and getting flat . ”
Me : * laughing *
“ I ’m sorry , can you repeat that ?
I ’m recording this and no one is going to believe me ! ”
Customer : * click *
The financial crisis could be the euro 's death knell ... and even end the shambolic EU
At the very moment when Europe 's banking system is teetering on the edge of collapse and national economies are in freefall , we might , perhaps , have expected the EU finally to live up to its more grandiose pretensions as the ' government of Europe ' .
Yet what have we seen by way of the EU 's response to what is undoubtedly the most testing crisis in its history ?
A few perfunctory fine words and empty gestures - and then the national leaders flapping off like so many headless chickens to pursue their own national interests , regardless of all those laws and principles which in easier times they were apparently so happy to sign up to .
Shambles :
The EU members engage in more pointless talk .
The shoddy body is riddled with corruption , red tape and national self - interest
The truth is that this massive banking crisis has exposed the hollowness , the impotence and the hypocrisy of the European Union like nothing before in its history .
This present emergency is the first real ordeal that the euro - that supposed symbol of European economic unity - has had to face as a major international currency .
Yet , without a central united government to give it proper political clout , it has seemed strangely irrelevant to a financial meltdown that has seen all the 13 countries which use it more concerned about their own national economies than a supranational currency .
The fact is that when a crisis occurs , we are all concerned about our own nation - not our neighbours .
But what is doubly worrying about the EU in the current crisis is not just the questions it raises over the single currency , but the spectacular inability of the whole creaking edifice to respond in any meaningful way .
First , last week , we saw Nicolas Sarkozy of France , as the EU 's acting president , calling for an EU - sponsored bail - out of its banks , in pale emulation of the attempted bail - out of the U.S. banking system which was dominating the world 's headlines - an empty political gesture which melted away almost as soon as he had proposed it .
Then we saw the Irish government , faced with the imminent collapse of its own major banks , pledging a 100 per cent state - backed guarantee of all customers ' deposits .
This was in flagrant breach of EU law , but it just happened that the Brussels commissioner in charge of financial services was Charlie McCreevy , an Irishman who cheerfully observed that he could see no problems with his country 's scheme .
On Saturday , President Sarkozy invited Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany , Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi of Italy and Gordon Brown to Paris for an ' emergency summit ' to discuss the crisis .
Weasel : Germany 's Angela Merkel called for a united front - and then scurried home to betray the EU
' It is of the essence , ' said Mr Sarkozy , ' that Europe should exist and respond with one voice . '
This , in itself , was odd enough .
Why were only these four governments represented - along with the president of the European Central Bank , the man in charge of the euro ?
What about the leaders of the other 23 countries making up the EU , many of whom were deeply disturbed at being excluded from this cosy get - together ?
It was far from clear that anything emerged from Mr Sarkozy 's summit other than their alarm at the precedent set by the Irish government in guaranteeing those bank deposits , which had already led to a drain of billions of pounds into Irish banks from countries which did not offer their customers such protection .
And what happened next , when Chancellor Merkel scurried back to Berlin to find the German banking system on the edge of its own meltdown ?
First , she shocked her EU colleagues by appearing to offer an Irish - style guarantee to all the customers of Germany 's banks .
Then , as Denmark and Austria jumped to follow suit , it emerged that Mrs Merkel was backtracking on her proposal .
Chaos swiftly descended into farce .
So what on earth is going on ?
What does all this shambles tell us about the EU , the whole point of which was to set up a supranational government designed to allow Europe to speak with ' one voice ' and armed with a mass of laws and treaties to ensure that nation states could no longer operate on their own to pursue their own selfish national interests ?
The contrast has already been drawn between what we saw in America last week when day after day , amid the full glare of publicity , Congress agonised over whether or not it should pass that famous bail - out Bill .
At least that was democracy visibly in action , as senators and congressmen were besieged by their constituents urging them to vote one way or the other .
All we could offer in Europe was the spectacle of four national leaders briefly huddled together behind closed doors in Paris , without even a proper communique to tell us what they had discussed .
Panic : Instead of helping , EU members have contributed to the stock market chaos
As every day passes , it becomes ever more obvious not just that the much - vaunted ' European monetary union ' system is wholly incapable of providing any solution to this crisis , but that the crisis might itself be the trigger to the cracking apart of the entire structure .
Astonishingly , it was only yesterday , when the EU 's 27 finance ministers gathered for an emergency meeting in Luxembourg , that we saw the EU 's first concerted attempt to respond to the crisis .
And top of their agenda was a little - noticed issue which has put the EU in the hot seat as not so much a potential saviour but as having been itself a major contributory cause of the crisis in the first place .
Right at the heart of the paralysis which has gripped the banking systems of the Western world has been a new set of rules which came into force last year , drastically tightening up on the ability of banks to lend to each other - the very lifeblood of the banking system .
It is this freezing of liquidity which more than anything has triggered the present crisis , as has been widely recognised in America , which is why last week 's Congressional Bill approved the suspension of the rules which are creating so much havoc .
Disaster : National interest in the 1930s helped cause the Great Depression .
The selfish and spineless countries of the EU should take note
But what did the EU ministers in Luxembourg agree yesterday ?
Well , they , too , agreed it was a top priority that these disastrous new rules should be suspended .
But that is not enough to mean they will be suspended .
No .
First , the ministers ' proposals will have to win the agreement of the full European Council when it meets next week and then they will have to go through all the tortuous procedures involved in changing the directives by which the new rules were made the law of the EU .
The whole process could take months and meanwhile economies are collapsing .
While every other nation is free to pursue its own agenda , it seems that we are at the mercy of a secretive , cumbersomely bureaucratic system of government which is wholly incapable of mounting a flexible , effective response to the challenge .
The fate of the euro is key to the future of the European dream .
Those countries most passionate about creating a ' United States of Europe ' established the euro ten years ago as the supreme symbol of their desire to weld Europe together in full ' economic and monetary union ' .
As we face a crisis as serious as most of us have seen in our lifetimes , it might not be just the euro which falls apart , but that entire over - ambitious experiment in supranational government which the EU represents .
Our banks might be tottering , but it might eventually be the EU itself which falls .
Plans being drawn up to emulate Woodstock for a new generation
Steve Watson
Prison Planet
Wednesday , July 23 , 2008
In an exclusive interview today on the nationally syndicated Alex Jones show , iconic musician Willie Nelson volunteered to take part in a concert for 9/11 truth and as part of a campaign to stave off an attack on Iran .
The country music superstar told listeners that some form of musical event to help generate media attention would be a great idea if it could be organized successfully .
In response to a caller ’s suggestion to perform at a concert in aid of 9/11 first responders and their families , as well as to raise the profile of the 9/11 truth movement , Nelson responded :
“ I would agree to both of those things in a minute . ”
“ I think people want to find a way to speak out and let their emotions be heard , and that ’s what you and I need to do , we ’ll find a hall or a field somewhere and we ’ll go over there and do what we can do . ”
The former Highwayman said .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
“ I love music and I love crowds , but there ’s also something gratifying about saying what you believe . ” he continued .
The possible event has already been dubbed “ Truthstock ” by some , after the legendary Woodstock festival in 1969 .
That concert exemplified the counterculture of the late 1960s , taking place at a time of intense protest of American involvement in the war with Vietnam .
Nelson also spoke in length about Congressman Dennis Kucinich ’s brave effort to have George W. Bush impeached for war crimes , the trashing of the Constitution and the Bill of Rights , and a litany of other abuses and high crimes .
“ I ’m concerned for Dennis ( Kucinich ) or anyone else who speaks out against this administration because these guys are serious , people love their power and they hate to give it up , their money and their power is all they have and if they lose that they feel that they ’ve lost their divinity . ”
Nelson commented .
“ I think Dennis has got to keep pounding on the door with impeachment , I think that ’s the key to stopping anything really horrible coming up between now and September / October . ” he continued .
( Article continues below )
Nelson also voiced his concern over the Bush administration drive to attack Iran :
“ We ’re so close to a war with Iran and anything this guy does between now and election day could spark it .
I think an impeachment hearing between now and then might slow the guy down , it might get the attention of the world and us on trying to stop a guy who is really intent on starting a war . ”
Willie Nelson made headlines last February when he forcefully voiced his doubts about the official 9/11 story and exclusively told the Alex Jones show that he thought the twin towers were imploded like condemned Las Vegas casino buildings .
Nelson ’s country music contemporaries
The Dixie Chicks were savaged by the establishment when they criticized the Bush administration during shows shortly before the invasion of Iraq .
More recently a reformed Crosby , Stills , Nash and Young encountered strong reactions when they took to the road in 2006 in a series of protest concerts .
If the proposed event goes ahead
It will be extremely interesting to see how it plays with the corporate media , which has thus far , in the majority , restrained from reporting on Nelson ’s statements and support for the 9/11 truth movement .
Listen to the interview below :
This article was posted : Wednesday , July 23 , 2008 at 8:24 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
The term “ credit crunch ” is very misleading for the current crisis .
It suggests that the problem is merely one of confidence , that calm will return if liquidity is introduced to the system .
My view , though , is that the real issue is one of solvency .
This is the systemic bankruptcy of 2008 .
Mortgages are just the beginning .
At real rates of interest , with real expectations of a reasonable rate of return , many of the deals which have been done since 2003 just do not make economic sense .
Thus far , the spotlight has been on one piece of that problem – bad mortgage loans – but I think we ’ll see the problem areas expanding rapidly to include a lot of the private equity deals which were done on the basis of free money between 2003 - 2007 .
I remember a fatuous statement by some private equity genius that “ everybody ’s rushing to do the first $ 100 bn deal ” .
Well , the chickens are coming home to roost .
Expect a steady flood of announcements of setbacks , restructurings and bankruptcies as companies that were bought with borrowed money turn out to be unable to service their debt .
Lower interest rates will ease the symptoms only .
Dramatic easing of interest rates will help to slow down the pace at which we have to deal with the bankruptcies , but they wo n’t change the cold reality of the situation , and they run the very real risk of making things worse by encouraging another round of speculation based on free money .
We are once again in a situation where the US discount rate is effectively a negative real rate of interest , as a gift to the banks , but staying there for any length of time puts us back into a state of addiction .
Interventions must target bank equity and leverage , not liquidity .
The latest move from the UK to buy equity stakes is the best response yet , I think .
It dramatically improves the capitalisation of those institutions , it keeps the upside of that move in taxpayers hands ( they are taking the pain and funding the bailout , it seems right to preserve the upside for them ) and it dilutes the existing shareholders who allowed their institutions to become insolvent .
Personally , I ’d be inclined to do more than dilute those shareholders .
I do n’t see the current $ 700 bn deal making a real difference to US banks .
I would expect the US to announce a deal similar to the UK deal soon , but the numbers would have to be larger .
Scarily large .
Much better for the US to make that move , than to wait for Asian and Middle - eastern sovereign wealth funds to step into the breach .
Depositors in regulated banks should be protected by the governments that run the regulators .
Shareholders not so much .
Bondholders … maybe .
I think the Irish and other countries who have guaranteed the deposits of individual users have done the right thing .
Governments setup regulatory authorities , and banks advertise that they are regulated .
The people who appoint those regulators need to stand by the approach they take – they should offer a guarantee that they will stand by their product , and when it fails , they will stand by the people who trusted in them .
Depositors at banks in the UK really should not have to worry that the bank might fail – such a failure should at most affect the interest rate they receive , not the safety of their capital .
Shareholders in those banks , however , should be very worried indeed .
There ’s an interesting question about bondholders and institutional depositors .
By one argument they are sophisticated investors and should be responsible for their bonds .
By another argument , they are the very people who can cause massive shifts in funds from bank paper to T - bills , and hence worth keeping pacified .
I would lump them in with individual depositors too .
Executive compensation should be structured not fixed .
There has been a lot of discussion about limiting executive compensation .
That ’s just an invitation for armies of consultants and lawyers and accountants to work around whatever compensation limits are put in place .
And frankly , I ’m hard - pressed to understand how politicians , who constantly vote themselves bigger salaries and expense accounts , are qualified to set bank executive salaries .
They effectively WERE in charge of Fannie and Freddie executive compensation , and that was n’t a stellar success .
What I would say , however , is that financial institution earnings should only be recognised over a seven year period , and bonuses based on those earnings should be held in escrow until that seven year period is up .
Imagine if we could now tap into the bonuses of investment bank employees over the past seven years in order to shore up the balance sheets of those banks .
That would include the bonuses paid to Mr Fuld , Mr Greenberg , and Mr Greenspan .
Anybody care to run the numbers ?
I think it would be material .
I ’m nervous .
The big question I ’m asking is which sidelines do n’t have landmines ?
My team and I are fortunate to have stepped out of many markets before the current flood of fear .
We stepped right into a few problems , but in large part dodged the cannonballs .
So far so good .
But what does it mean to have cash in the bank , when banks themselves are failing ?
What does it mean to hold dollars , when the dollar is being debased in a way that would feel familiar to the Reserve Bank of Zimbabwe ?
These are very dangerous times , and nobody should think otherwise .
What is it about John McCain spokesman Tucker Bounds ?
Is it that he exudes a fresh - scrubbed youthfulness , unlike some who have served as the public face for a particular presidential campaign ( think Hillary Clinton aide Howard Wolfson ) ?
Whatever it is about Bounds , he 's developing a track record for transforming normally innocuous TV types into the second comings of famed , feisty interviewer Mike Wallace .
Earlier this month , Bounds found himself on the receiving end of a barrage of pointed queries from CNN's Campbell Brown about Sarah Palin 's qualifications to serve as vice president -- a clip that quickly became must - see TV .
On Monday , in a truly surprising turn of events , Bounds came under fire from Fox News Channel 's Megyn Kelly .
The subject was the McCain campaign 's incessant -- and false -- claim that Barack Obama proposes tax hikes on the middle - class .
As Kelly noted in the exchange below , Obama 's proposed tax increase targets only upper - income Americans .
Kelly 's grilling of a McCain surrogate notwithstanding , the candidate himself continued the discredited attack on Obama today .
Speaking to a large crowd in Tampa , McCain said , " I will not raise your taxes .
Sen. Obama will raise your taxes . "
Perhaps technically McCain was correct -- if all of his listeners earn more than $ 250,000 a year .
-- Don Frederick
Thanks to a genetic breakthrough , a large portion of Earth 's now - inhospitable soil could be used to grow crops – potentially alleviating one of the most pressing problems facing the planet 's rapidly growing population .
Scientists at the University of California , Riverside made plants tolerant of poisonous aluminum by tweaking a single gene .
This may allow crops to thrive in the 40 to 50 percent of Earth 's soils currently rendered toxic by the metal .
" Aluminum toxicity is a very limiting factor , especially in developing countries , in South America and Africa and Indonesia , " said biochemist Paul Larsen .
" It 's not like these areas are devoid of plant life , but they 're not crop plants .
Among agriculturally important plants , there are n't mechanisms for aluminum tolerance . "
The planet is rapidly running out of room to grow food , and scientists say that the world 's booming population – expected to swell by half in the next 50 years – will outstrip food production .
There 's no more room for farms in the developed world ; demand for cropland is fueling deforestation in the rain forests of Latin America and Africa ; and the limits of the Green Revolution , which increased global food production through the use of pesticides and industrial farming techniques , have been reached .
Another revolution , say agronomists , is needed .
In an effort to salvage currently infertile land , scientists have tried to understand the basic mechanisms of aluminum toxicity , and to find resistant food crops , but with little success .
Larsen 's research , published Thursday in Current Biology , could change that .
He identified a gene in Arabidopsis – a flower used as a model organism in basic plant research – that affects plants ' sensitivity to aluminum .
When the gene is modified , seedlings that would normally have died in aluminum - rich soils instead flourished .
There 's no guarantee that the tweak will prove successful and safe – but if it does , it could provide food for millions .
Larsen and postdoctoral student Megan Rounds started with an especially aluminum - sensitive Arabidopsis strain , then used a DNA - scrambling mutagen to produce 200,000 seedlings with various mutations .
When they scanned the genomes of a few that proved able to grow in aluminum - rich cultures , they found a common factor : a damaged gene called AlATR .
The gene appears to produce an enzyme that – when exposed to aluminum – stops cell division , preventing roots from growing .
" It was always believed that once aluminum got into the tissue " of a non-tolerant species , said Larsen , " it was ' game over ' for the root .
It would accumulate toxic effects , and would n't grow .
Here you change one gene , reduce the function of one protein , and all of a sudden you have a plant that can , for the most part , thrive in an aluminum - toxic environment .
It was shocking . "
" People have been studying aluminum toxicity for years .
People say it binds to the cell wall .
Others say it interacts with proteins .
Others , that it damages the plasma membrane .
Or that it screws up cytoplasmic calcium , or screws up the cytoskeleton , or binds the DNA , or mimics magnesium , " said Leon Kochian , a Cornell University plant physiologist .
" This mechanism seems to supersede the others .
It renders them immaterial . "
Developing resistant plants may not be easy .
Though defusing AlATR
protected the plants ' roots , it made their leaves more sensitive to radiation .
But Larsen suggests a workaround : Engineer plants that express the modified gene only in their roots , not their leaves .
If that works , the plants will still need to be proven safe .
Such tampering is bound to raise concerns , but Larsen is hopeful that modifying the gene will have few other effects .
He suspects the mechanism exists to prevent plants from accumulating aluminum - induced mutations , and passing them to future generations – protecting the genes of a population by sacrificing an individual .
Most modern crops are replanted from year to year , so altering the mechanism would n't affect them .
Kochian said that genetic engineering may not even be necessary .
In so - called smart breeding , farmers use genome sequencing to identify plants with the best AlATR alleles , then breed those to create resistant strains .
" You can do that with molecular tools , not biotechnology , " said Kochian .
Larsen is currently trying to patent the technique , and said that he 'll make it available to researchers in the developing world .
" I do n't expect to make any money off it , " he said .
" I 'd like it to trickle down to the people who need it .
He does worry that the technique could be used as an excuse to clear rain forests from currently aluminum - toxic soil .
Instead of this , said
Larsen , already - cut land could be made more productive .
" If we can make use of the land that 's available now , maybe we can make it so we do n't have to cut forests down in the future , " he said .
Aluminum - Dependent Root - Growth Inhibition in Arabidopsis Results from AtATR - Regulated Cell - Cycle Arrest [ Current Biology ]
Image : Root tips of the alt1 - 1 Arabidopsis strain display less damage in aluminum - rich solutions than non-resistant strains .
Courtesy Current Biology *.*
WiSci 2.0 : Brandon Keim's Twitter stream and Del.icio.us feed ; Wired Science on Facebook .
By Federico Fuentes
September 3 , 2008 -- On August 27 , Venezuela 's President Hugo Chávez announced the end of negotiations with former owner Ternium over the nationalisation of the Sidor steel factory , stating that the government would “ take over all the companies that it has here ” , and that Ternium “ can leave ” .
Speaking during a televised broadcast , Chávez explained that Ternium “ did not recognise our sovereignty ” .
“ The deadline for reaching an agreement has expired .
We will move ahead and pay them what it really costs .
Moreover , it will not be all in one go as they wanted .
No , we will pay them at a pace that is appropriate for us . ”
Until the April 9 decision to nationalise Sidor , the Ternium consortium , whose biggest shareholder is the Italian - Argentine transnational Techint , had 60 % control of one of the largest steel factories in Latin America , located in the industrial state of Bolívar .
Chávez stated in his August 27 broadcast that a tentative agreement on the purchase price , reached the previous week , had broken down when Ternium tried to impose unacceptable conditions .
Among the transnational ’s demands was a law giving it immunity from any future lawsuits related to abuses committed by Ternium against the Sidor workforce .
The decision to nationalise Sidor came after a 15 - month dispute between the workers and the transnational over a collective contract .
Having intervened in order to help reach a resolution , Venezuela 's vice - president , Ramon Carrizalez , declared that negotiations with Sidor ’s management were no longer possible , due to its “ coloniser attitude ” and “ barbarous exploitation ” .
“ This is a government that protects workers and will never take the side of a transnational company ” , Carrizalez said .
Nationalisation push
During the August 27 broadcast , Chávez stood alongside business owners from the cement industry , with whom the government has also been negotiating since the April 3 announcement that it plans to nationalise the three largest cement companies , which control 90 % of the sector .
The government had reached agreements to buy out the majority of shares from the French company , Lafarge , and the Swiss company , Holcim , but negotiations had stalled with the largest company , the Mexican - owned Cemex .
On August 18 , after the negotiation period expired , the government announced that it would expropriate Cemex , and ordered the takeover of its installations .
By law , there is a 60 - day period starting from the declaration of intent to expropriate during which the two parties can reach an agreement .
Cemex is asking for US $ 1.3 billion , but the government has stated it will not pay more than $ 650 million .
However , Chávez said that , in contrast to the record with Ternium , there were positive signs that an agreement could be reached .
Chávez also used the broadcast to explain a new law , approved in the first round of discussion by the National Assembly , that will put the distribution of fuel back into government hands .
The state oil company PDVSA will supply fuel directly to the 60 % of the country ’s service stations that are privately owned ( many by small proprietors ) , eliminating the capitalist intermediaries who now sell to them for a profit .
Negotiations will now begin with the seven largest companies , including Texaco and BP , and 650 other firms that currently finance a majority of private service stations .
Energy minister Rafael Ramírez also announced that the government was looking at similar measures regarding the distribution of Liquid Petroleum Gas ( LPG ) cylinders .
Last month , Chávez announced plans to nationalise Spanish - owned Banco de Venezuela , an action that will almost double the state ’s control of the financial sector from its previous 10 % .
Reversing neoliberalism
Together with the announcements made earlier this year to take control of more than 30 % of milk production and food distribution , and last year ’s decision to take majority control of the oilfields in the Orinoco Belt , these moves are part of a second wave of nationalisations , focused on industries related to production .
The first wave , begun at the start of 2007 , was directed at telecommunications and electricity , to guarantee all Venezuelans access to basic services .
The August 25 edition of the Caracas daily El Universal reported that since last year 11 industries have passed into state hands .
While pro-capitalist governments privatised a number of important industries during the 1990s ( including Sidor , part of the electrical sector and telecommunications company CANTV ) , they always had their eyes set on the big prize , PDVSA .
Chávez ’s election in 1998 halted that privatisation plan .
Since then the government , backed by the majority of the population , has worked towards rolling back neoliberalism .
Unsurprisingly , the first major showdown was a result of government attempts to gain full control over the nominally state - owned PDVSA .
Fierce resistance by the parasitic capitalist class , accustomed to leeching off the rent produced by PDVSA , led to a military coup that briefly overthrew Chávez in April 2002 followed by a shutdown of the oil industry by the pro-capitalist management in December 2002 .
Both attempts by the capitalist class to bring down Chávez were carried out in alliance with the corrupt trade union bureaucracy of the Confederation of Venezuelan Workers ( CTV ) .
During more than two months of intense struggle caused by the shutdown , oil workers , working alongside poor communities and the armed forces , reopened PDVSA and restarted it under workers ’ control .
This victory was crucial in ensuring that the government could begin to redirect PDVSA ’s profits away from the capitalists and towards funding the social missions that provide , among other things , free health care and education .
The missions also helped organise the Chavista grassroots supporters .
Publicly declaring in January 2005 that he had become convinced that his project for national liberation and the eradication of poverty could not be achieved within the bounds of capitalism , Chávez argued for the need to move towards a “ new socialism of the 21st century ” .
That same month , he announced the nationalisation of the Venepal paper company , whose workers had been fighting to reopen it after the bosses shut down operations in December 2002 .
Renamed Invepal , the company was handed over to the workers as a joint state - worker cooperative .
Since then , a number of other smaller companies that had been shut down and then taken - over by their workers have been nationalised .
However , the nationalisations initiated in 2007 marked a qualitative leap in the process of state recuperation of control over strategic sectors .
State planning
These nationalisations have been carried out in accordance with the government ’s overall economic plan , which seeks state control over strategic industries in order to direct production towards the needs of the Venezuelan nation .
Now under state control , the three cement companies will be merged into the new National Cement Corporation and will integrate its production plans with PDVSA and Sidor — focusing on infrastructure development , creating new industrial centres and pushing forward the government ’s badly needed housing construction plans .
The Steel Corporation of Venezuela is also being created — it will manage the whole steel production chain that is now 80 % under state control , from primary material to finished products .
Production will be directed towards the needs of small and medium companies , the oil industry and the housing sector .
And , while no specific public statements have been made , it seems likely that the nationalisation of Banco de Venezuela will lead to reorganisation of the public banking sector into a single national public bank .
The new Public Administration Law , decreed on July 29 as part of the package of 26 laws issued by Chávez , states that where various state companies exist they should be grouped into one .
This can include companies in different industrial sectors that , due to their nature , work together .
With the recent nationalisations , the number of workers in the state sector will increase by 41,400 to just over 2 million , according to the National Institute of Statistics .
This does not include those in the fuel distribution and LPG cylinder distribution sectors , which are slated to come under state control .
This represents a 53.5 % increase in the number of public sector workers in the last nine years .
Importantly , Chávez has raised the need to eradicate the practice of contracting out labour in the state sector , which will further increase this number .
In the same period , employment in the ( formal and informal ) private sector grew from 7.3 million to 9.4 million .
Worker and community participation
Almost none of the recent nationalisations are the direct result of workers ’ struggles in favour of such measures , although in many cases labour disputes were factors .
This was the case with fuel distribution , where unions have been warning that the bosses were trying to manufacture shortages and provoke strikes to undermine the government .
In contrast to most of the earlier nationalisations involving small factories , only in Sidor can it be said that the demand for nationalisation came from the workers .
Even then , the demand was raised only in the last period of the struggle after persistent campaigning by a small nucleus of Sidor workers .
Yet , the future of the nationalised companies depends on the political and organisational capacity of the working class in running these industries , and the working class currently finds itself in a state of dispersion and fragmentation .
Unofficially , according to the daily newspaper Ultimas Noticias ( April 27 ) , there are no fewer than 3600 unions in Venezuela .
This fragmentation is due to numerous factors , but two in particular stand out .
First , with the coming to power of Chávez and the expansion of workers ’ rights and union freedom , workplaces across the country experienced an explosion of union organising .
In the aftermath of the defeat of the bosses ’ lockout , a majority of the pro-revolution unions came behind the formation of the National Union of Workers ( UNT ) , which rapidly overtook the CTV as the largest union federation .
However , the UNT is plagued by bitter internal disputes .
These divisions deepened earlier this year when two currents left the UNT to form a new union federation .
Added to this are negative experiences in some cooperative - run factories , including the exploitation of contract labour and self - enrichment by co-op owners .
Second , actions by sections of the government and state bureaucracy have also worked against the self - organisation of workers and their participation in running state industries .
Under the previous labour minister , José Ramón Rivero ( who actively worked against the Sidor workers ) , parallel unionism was promoted in order to favour the union current from which he came and to dampen labour disputes .
In PDVSA and the state electrical company , workers have faced attacks at the hands of a bureaucracy that is afraid of losing power if workers take on a greater role in management .
The recent nationalisations have coincided with the launch of the “ April 13 Mission ” .
Chávez has stated that part of the mission ’s aim is to transfer control over services to organised communities through communal councils and communes , and the creation of productive units and factories that will be socially owned and run .
Without the participation of workers and organised communities in the running of industries and in democratic planning , control of state companies will remain in the hands of bureaucrats who are more interested in maintaining their share of power and privileges .
This would restrict the ability of workers to fully develop their creative potential , boxing them into their role as simple providers of labour power .
This has created situations like the one in the nationalised Inveval valve factory , run under workers ’ management .
It has the capacity to produce valves for PDVSA , but it has been pushed aside by PDVSA bureaucrats who prefer to continue their contracts with private companies .
Significantly , it was reported on August 28 that Inveval will become a mixed company , jointly owned with PDVSA , and will directly supply the state oil company with valves .
A crisis threatens the electrical sector , where , despite repeated warnings by the workers , power generation and distribution plans have failed to take into consideration increased demand caused by the boom in industrial and housing projects .
Speaking on the eve of this year ’s May Day demonstrations , Chávez once again repeated his call for the working class to take the lead in the struggle for socialism .
“ There is no revolution without the workers , and I would add , there is no socialism without the working class ” , he insisted .
“ That is why the working class that the revolution needs has to be very conscious , very united ” , he said .
“ The Bolivarian revolution … needs to be ‘ proletarianised ’ … the ideology of the proletariat should dominate in all spheres , a transformational , truly revolutionary ideology , and overcome petty bourgeois currents that always end up being … counter - revolutionary ” .
[ Federico Fuentes is Green Left Weekly correspondent based in Caracas , Venezuela .
This article first appeared in Green Left Weekly issue # 765 .
The Flying Car Gets Real
The team at Terrafugia is about to fulfill the fantasy of every driver pilot : a consumer vehicle that can take to the highways and the skies .
All they have to do is finish the first one
Miley Cyrus Kissing Thomas Sturges : The NEW Make Out Photos
More photos have been leaked ofkissing ex-boyfriend .
The new images of their make out session are more intimate than the previous pictures of the Hannah Montana star flashing her green bra and lying on top of Sturges .
The photos appear to have been taken at various times , since the teens are wearing different clothes .
In one photo Miley is wearing the flannel shirt she had on in the previously leaked pictures with Sturges , and pajama pants in the one above .
Miley 's personal photos have slowing been leaking online since pics from her Myspace hit the internet in December .
Each time the photos get a little more risque , like the wet t- shirt shower and other naughty photos that were reportedly sent to Nick Jonas of the Jonas Brothers .
The biggest controversy to date seems to be the Vanity Fair photos taken by famed photographer Annie Leibovitz .
Miley issued a statement saying she was embarassed by the photos and apologized to her fans .
I 'm sure Disney cringes each time a new batch of photos is released .
View the latest " scandalous " photos below .
More photos at OceanUp .
Some of the top laptop manufacturers in the world have created a system that allows certain models to run frequently - used software in a matter of seconds .
The specialized feature , called " Splashtop , " does away with lengthy start - up times by avoiding Microsoft Windows in favor of a Linux - based " mini-operating system " .
For example : when a friend challenged me to a game of FIFA Soccer 2008 for the PlayStation 3 , I was amazed to find that a new feature had been added that allowed users to practice perfecting their penalty shots while the game was busy loading the next page .
Using this analogy , the gamer never sits idle while waiting for the action to begin .
Would n't it be great if all tech devices were like that ?
Imagine if all computers were designed that way .
Sure , most computer models these days are already running with hi-speed capabilities , giving users little to complain about .
But consider the fact that " booting up " a system takes five or more minutes ( depending on age and the amount of files in the hard drive ) .
Load times can be much better served doing something useful .
Splashtop 's " mini - OS " gives users access to a host of necessary tools ( Internet browsers , email accounts , etc. ) with virtually no wait time .
( Source : go.com )
Another great aspect of Splashtop is its conservation of battery life .
Since the laptop is running at a fraction of its potential , the battery uses a fraction of its power .
Splashtop has already appeared in notebook computers produced by Taiwan - based ASUSTeK .
The feature was so well received by the public that it made the top 10 list of most innovative products as voted by PC World Magazine .
( Source : usatoday.com )
The feature is unique for another reason as well .
In an industry where computer - issued software has " smartened - up " our mobile phones , the concept behind Splashtop is very much smartphone - influenced .
Smartphones offer very little wait times to access important information via the web .
Of course , one drawback of the feature is that most aspects of the laptop remain dormant while Splashtop is in use .
If a user wishes to activate Microsoft Windows , the standard wait - time is still an issue .
Those interested in Splashtop will not have to wait long for its North American debut .
Hewlett - Packard Voodoo
Envy laptop models will have the feature pre-installed for consumer purchase later this year .
WASHINGTON -- Baby Boomers have pumped up the global economy with their profligate ways for nearly two decades .
It 's been a great party .
Now the music 's over .
Generalizations about the 79 million people born between 1946 and 1964 are overdone and easy to debunk .
Boomers went to Woodstock , voted for George McGovern and , so the thinking goes , cared deeply about the Rolling Stones .
Boomers also helped put Ronald Reagan and fellow Boomer George W. Bush in the White House and turned Nashville into a cultural capital .
But ...
You are not logged in .
Login or Signup
Priest Off NSFW
Ever wanted to keep the pesky clergy away from your kids ???..... Well now you can ... with PRIEST - OFF !!!
Edit :- Re-marked NSFW 'cos i ain't quite sure .
( , Sat 18 Oct 2008 , 8:12 , Reply
:-)
* click *
( , Sat 18 Oct 2008 , 10:19 , ( , Sat 18 Oct 2008 , 10:19 , Reply
Brilliant !
love it !
( , Sat 18 Oct 2008 , 17:28 , ( , Sat 18 Oct 2008 , 17:28 , Reply
Like it !
Perhaps these guys read Viz ?
They used to have spoof adverts for a spray called " FatherBeGone " and also an inflatable " decoy priest " .
( , Fri 24 Oct 2008 , 12:34 , ( , Fri 24 Oct 2008 , 12:34 , Reply
Should be supplied free
on the NHS .
Is there a Scout leader version ?
* grim hollow laughter *
( , Fri 24 Oct 2008 , 14:11 , ( , Fri 24 Oct 2008 , 14:11 , Reply
Last year one of the more troubling provisions of the UK's Regulation of Investigatory Powers Act ( RIPA ) finally came into effect .
This piece of legislation made it a criminal offense to refuse to decrypt almost any encrypted data residing within the UK if demanded by authorities as part of a criminal investigation .
The penalty for failure to decrypt is up to two years imprisonment for " normal " crime , and up to five years for " terrorism . "
As two men accused of " terrorism " discovered last week , the long - standing right to silence does not trump the RIPA powers .
The UK's Court of Appeal judged last week that the pair , named only as " S " and " A , " could not depend on their right of silence to refuse to provide decryption keys .
In the decision , the Court stated that although there was a right to not self - incriminate , this was not absolute , and that the " public interest " can supersede this right in some circumstances .
Further , the court also drew a distinction between making a statement that is incriminating , and evidence that happens to incriminate .
Encryption keys , and encrypted data itself , exist independently of the accused men , and although the data may be incriminating , the men were not being asked for the data ; they were being asked for the decryption key .
As such , there was deemed to be no question of self - incrimination ; the decryption keys are neutral , neither incriminating nor exculpating .
Though the decision is unsurprising — British courts are loathe to gut legislation , even if it is poor legislation — it is nonetheless unfortunate .
The court argued that a decryption key was no different from a physical key , something harmless and incapable of incriminating , but there are significant differences between the two .
Most obviously , one cannot be compelled to hand over a physical key ; if the police or intelligence services should find it then they can use it , but if they cannot , they must work around its absence .
That workarounds are considerably harder for encryption than they are for physical locks is unfortunate for law enforcement , but surely should not diminish the rights of the accused .
More fundamentally , the legislation is useless against criminals who know what they are doing , because such criminals can use encryption software that gives them plausible deniability .
The best - known program achieving this is TrueCrypt .
TrueCrypt allows the creation of encrypted disk with two passwords , with each password providing access to different data , one set harmless , the other truly secret .
The would - be criminal can then disclose the password to the harmless data , thereby keeping the truly secret data secret .
There is no way to tell from the encrypted data itself that this scheme is in use , so it should provide ample protection against investigations .
Orwell 's Britain
Moving swiftly on , the British government has outlined a number of options it is considering legislating next year .
Chief among these is the creation of an immense database containing information about every phone call and Internet connection made within the UK .
Unsurprisingly , this has been widely branded as an Orwellian , Big Brother database .
ISPs and phone companies within the UK already keep voluntary databases of mobile phone calls ( recording dates , times , durations , and locations ) and Internet traffic ( web pages visited , e-mail addresses used ) .
These databases contain 12 months of data , and requests to view the data can be made by law enforcement as part of their investigations into crimes .
The new proposal is to centralize and consolidate this database , making it government - owned and operated .
This upside is that this would increase the information available , and make it far easier for law enforcement agencies to look at .
The downside , of course , is that this would increase the information available , and make it far easier for law enforcement agencies to look at it .
The justification for the database is , of course , terrorism .
Terrorists use mobile phones and e-mail to coordinate their activities , so clearly the government — specifically , GCHQ , the service responsible for SIGINT , which devised the plans — needs to know about all the e-mails and phone calls that people are making .
They 're stopping short — at the moment — of demanding the actual contents of the e-mails and phone calls , but , if such a database were implemented , that would surely be the next logical step .
At this stage , the database is not legislation , nor even proposed legislation .
The proposals are an indication of one direction the government will follow , but so far nothing has gone before Parliament .
Even within the Home Office , however , there has been considerable backlash ; a memo leaked to the Sunday Times expressed grave misgivings about the plans among senior Home Office officials ; the database was decried as " impractical , disproportionate , politically unattractive and possibly unlawful from a human rights perspective . "
Coming from civil servants , that 's harsh criticism indeed .
Passport , please
Knowing that a phone call has been made does n't do much if you do n't know who owns the phone numbers .
In the days of land - lines , this was n't a problem ; just look up the addresses that the numbers correspond to and Bob 's your uncle .
Mobile phones are another matter ; prepay phones offer great anonymity , as they can be bought for cash .
If the UK government gets its way , that practice will come to an end .
The plan is to demand that anyone buying a phone will have to show their passport .
Vendors will collect this information , and it will be entered into a national registry .
With 72 million mobile phones in the UK , some 40 million of which are prepaid , this measure is necessary if GCHQ 's database is to be of any value .
A database that could not identify the majority of mobile phone users would fill this gap .
Future privacy , or , rather , the lack thereof
All this paints a pretty sorry picture of the future of privacy in the UK .
We here in Airstrip One already have an unparalleled density of closed - circuit TV , but CCTV is a different animal to the proposals here .
CCTV has one fundamental difference from Orwell 's telescreens ; CCTV records what we do in public , whereas the telescreens recorded us in our own homes .
We might not like our public behavior being recorded by the government , but in a sense , it is merely a scaled - up version of what the police and MI5 can already do .
These database proposals are a different kettle of fish .
They cross over from monitoring of public behavior into monitoring of private behavior .
That the phone company knows who I call is a necessary feature of the technology ( the phone network obviously needs to know where the endpoints are , and I have itemized billing ) , but the government has no such justification .
The underlying argument — that terrorists use encryption , mobile phones , e-mail , and that to stop terrorists we have to be able to monitor these technologies — can be used to justify just about anything .
Once the hardware was in place to perform the monitoring — and GCHQ trials of interception hardware have already begun on the Vodafone network — it would be easy to argue that it was necessary not just to record that calls were made and e-mails were sent , but that it had become necessary ( for national security , naturally ) to actually listen to those calls and read those e-mails .
Slippery slopes aside , the most likely outcome is not that more terrorists are caught , but simply that they use alternative means of communication .
Perhaps they will be able to import phones from abroad ( roaming is expensive , but surely a small price to pay if the alternative is being caught up in the government 's net ) , perhaps they will depend more heavily on stolen phones ( pity the poor sod whose stolen phone links him to the next terrorist attack ) , or perhaps they will simply rely on other communications mechanisms .
Mobile phones are convenient , but if they 're unsafe for conducting terrorist operations , terrorists will just stop using them .
It would not surprise me to see Skype , and other VoIP systems , as the next subject of government scrutiny .
Likewise , many e-mail services offer SSL connections to non-UK servers for mail transfers ; any terrorist concerned about the government monitoring could use one of these .
Just as there are data encryption systems that can defeat RIPA , there are communication systems that defeat the proposed database , and which do so before the legislation has even been passed to create the database in the first place .
This is truly pointless legislation that will make us no safer .
These flaws are compounded by the government 's rampant inability to run IT projects successfully , and to properly safeguard sensitive data that it has collected .
These databases will be expensive to create , the monitoring hardware expensive to deploy , and leaks are , given this government 's track record , inevitable .
Even if we were convinced by the need for such databases , should we not at least demand that the government puts its house in order first ?
They cannot properly manage the data they already have ; giving them more data is asking for trouble .
Though these plans are dismal , there is a slight glimmer of hope .
The British government has suffered some legislative setbacks recently ; its legislation to allow suspects to be held for 42 days without charge did not get through our ( unelected , undemocratic , but absolutely priceless ) upper house , and it looks like the government does not have the support or the will to force the legislation through .
A similar backlash against any new proposals is not out of the question , and that they have already been preemptively panned by Home Office employees could be an indication of a broader rejection of greater government intrusion .
For the good of our civil liberties and wallets alike , let 's hope that our elected representatives take the same view .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Motorists in China faced a very odd road block on Sunday after a lorry shed its load of live fish .
Thousands of fish jumped and flopped across the entire width of a motorway before they were eventually cleared .
Illustration : Randy Lyhus The Next Big thing ?
The memristor , a microscopic component that can " remember " electrical states even when turned off .
It 's expected to be far cheaper and faster than flash storage .
A theoretical concept since 1971 , it has now been built in labs and is already starting to revolutionize everything we know about computing , possibly making flash memory , RAM , and even hard drives obsolete within a decade .
The memristor is just one of the incredible technological advances sending shock waves through the world of computing .
Other innovations in the works are more down - to - earth , but they also carry watershed significance .
From the technologies that finally make paperless offices a reality to those that deliver wireless power , these advances should make your humble PC a far different beast come the turn of the decade .
In the following sections , we outline the basics of 15 upcoming technologies , with predictions on what may come of them .
Some are breathing down our necks ; some advances are still just out of reach .
And all have to be reckoned with .
In the aftermath of the revolt against the Palin / McCain campaign kicking reporters out of the photo opps Sarah Palin is holding at the UN today , there ’s a larger question that remains .
Why is the corporate media continuing to subsidize John McCain ’s free photo opps by having staff on his bus and plane ?
It costs a fortune to have reporters embedded with the candidates .
And for what purpose ?
When you travel with Palin and McCain you will not ever be permitted to pose a single question .
You are window dressing , there to take pictures and parrot the Palin / McCain message of the day .
That ’s it .
Sometimes Palin and McCain let you send a producer in to the meeting – not a real reporter , just a producer .
Why not just send your mother ?
Why is the media putting up with this ?
Just pull your staff from the bus ( well , van ) and plane .
You people serve no more purpose than FOX News .
You ’re there to parrot what Palin and McCain want you to parrot .
Stop it .
CNN and CBS took a good first step today , by pulling their reporters from a phony Palin photo opp .
Now it ’s time to go for the Full Monty .
Pull your reporters from coverage of the McCain campaign until Palin and McCain start acting like big boys and girls , like potential future leaders of the free world .
McCain ’s voters do n’t read your papers , they do n’t watch your news .
Yet for some reason , you keep sucking up to them .
Stop it .
They ’re playing you for fools .
Senior Bush administration officials held a series of meetings in the White House in 2002 and 2003 to discuss allowing the CIA to use harsh interrogation methods on Al Qaeda detainees , according to a written statement Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice recently provided to Senate investigators .
Rice ’s written response to investigators on the Senate Armed Services Committee marks the first time a high - ranking White House official has formally acknowledged the White House discussions , which led to the CIA ’s use of waterboarding and other coercive methods .
In particular , Rice wrote in the Sept. 12 statement that officials discussed simulated torture techniques that elite U.S. soldiers were subjected to as part of a survival training program , and that she and other officials were told that such methods “ had been deemed not to cause significant physical or psychological harm . ”
Rice , who was serving as national security advisor at the time of the discussions , did not identify the source of that assertion .
She was referring to a U.S. military program known as Survival , Evasion , Resistance and Escape , or SERE , which at times has included waterboarding and other controversial methods subsequently employed by the CIA .
Advertisement
Rice ’s written responses were released Wednesday by the office of Sen. Carl Levin ( D - Mich . ) , chairman of the armed services committee , which has been investigating apparent interrogation abuses by U.S. military personnel .
“ We ’ve long believed they took place , ” Levin said in an interview , referring to the high - level meetings that Rice described .
Her responses , however , provide what he described as “ new , concrete evidence that they took place in the White House . ”
Levin questioned the assurance Rice said she and other officials obtained that SERE methods were safe .
Levin said that contradicted statements from SERE experts who have pointed out that soldiers , unlike prisoners , can order the treatment stopped .
Rice did not disclose who at the meetings , but said that she had “ asked Atty .
Gen . [ John ]
Ashcroft personally to review and confirm the legal advice ” being prepared by the Department of Justice on the CIA ’s interrogation plans .
Advertisement
Other senior officials who routinely attended so - called principals meetings included then - Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld ; Alberto R. Gonzales , then the presidential counsel ; and David S. Addington , the vice president ’s counsel .
The committee submitted similar questionnaires to other Bush administration officials .
But Levin said that they declined or refused to respond .
Robert Wood , a State Department spokesman , said the department would not comment on correspondence between Rice and members of Congress .
Former CIA Director George J. Tenet wrote in a book last year that after the capture of Al Qaeda operative Abu Zubaydah in March 2002 , the agency turned to the National Security Council for guidance on “ how to handle him . ”
The National Security Council ’s role in shaping interrogation policy has been previously reported .
Advertisement
But Rice is the highest - ranking official to acknowledge the White House meetings , as well as their focus on the SERE program .
Rice said the purpose of the meetings was “ to ensure that CIA ’s proposed interrogation program complied fully with U.S. legal obligations . ”
--
greg.miller@latimes.com
Please feel free to use any of my gravestone pics for educational purposes .
If you want to repost them on your own blog or website , all I ask is that you give me credit and a link !
If you 'd like to use them for any other purpose , please email me for permission .
A trip through Southern California and the effects of insane recklessness by both banks and ordinary Americans :
( Hat tip : Conor )
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
BRUSSELS , Belgium -- Lance Armstrong may have to accept a supporting role to Astana teammate Alberto Contador in next year 's Tour de France , the team cycling director said Thursday .
Johan Bruyneel ruled out a departure from Astana by Spain 's Contador , who won the Tour de France , Italy 's Giro and Spain 's Vuelta in little more than a year .
The two will have to cooperate , he said .
" At the end of the day , the strongest rider will be supported , regardless of that person 's name or what they 've accomplished in the past , " Bruyneel said in a news release .
And he left no doubt who was strongest now .
" Alberto has had a magnificent year and is currently the best professional cyclist in the world , " Bruyneel said .
After leading Armstrong to seven
Tour victories before his initial retirement in 2005 , Bruyneel took Contador to victory in the 2007 Tour , and after Astana was denied entry this year , Contador won the Giro and Vuelta instead .
" Lance must prove that he has the physical ability to win big races , " Bruyneel said .
" This is not the first time that big names have all been on the same team .
It has worked out in the past and I 'm confident for the same in 2009 . "
When the 37 - year - old Armstrong announced his comeback and intention to compete for an eighth
Tour title next season , it clashed with the ambitions of Contador , who insisted the leadership of Astana should be his .
The Spaniard let it be known he would leave if he was given a secondary role supporting Armstrong .
Bruyneel ruled that out on Thursday .
" Alberto signed a contract with Team Astana through 2010 , " Bruyneel said .
" I have invested a lot of my time into Alberto 's development and he will remain with this team for the next two years .
Actually it 's pretty simple , there 's a contract and there are no options to leave . "
Bruyneel saw a blueprint for the 2009 Tour when Contador finished first in the Vuelta last month , with teammate Levi Leipheimer of the United States close behind .
" It 's no secret that Levi Leipheimer could have won the Vuelta , but it was clear to the team directors that Alberto was the strongest rider , " said Bruyneel " We have some big names and great leaders on the 2008 squad .
Adding one more only makes us that much stronger . "
Another addition that should strengthen the Astana team is Spanish climber Jesus Hernandez .
He has been a training partner for Contador and should prove useful in leading Contador -- or Armstrong -- to the decisive stretches of climbs during the Tour .
Armstrong has been an inspiration for Contador .
While the Spaniard was recovering from a blood clot in his brain in 2004 , he drew hope from Armstrong 's book recounting his comeback from cancer .
The two have not spoken to each other , Bruyneel said , but they are slated to go training together in December .
Meanwhile , officials of the Tour Down Under -- the Australian race which Armstrong had earmarked as his comeback event -- said they expected to know by Friday whether the American can compete .
Armstrong is hoping to return for the Jan. 20 - 25 race , but drug - testing regulations would not allow him to compete until Feb. 1 , 2009 .
The International Cycling Union ( UCI ) requires riders coming out of retirement to be in the sport 's anti-doping program for six months before racing .
Armstrong filed paperwork on Aug. 1 with the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency and said he already was drug - tested in late August .
On Thursday , Tour Down Under race director Mike Turtur said he was told by the UCI on Wednesday that they would have a decision " in about 48 hours . "
" That was about 24 hours ago , so we 're hoping to hear by Friday , " Turtur told The Associated Press in a telephone interview .
" We still do n't know which way it will go . "
Clever :
Some of the people you are more likely to want to receive your message are those who are asking you to figuratively " bend over backwards " for them .
Note that this is what is being demanded of you , and then acquiesce literally .
This is a very vulnerable position , so be absolutely sure that the target will not react in a physical manner .
Advanced : Turn around and pull the front of the shirt up above your head so that the print can be read over your shoulder .
This is harder than it seems , and requires that you feel safe turning your back on the target and comfortable baring your chest to whomever may be on the other side of you .
Boston Rays win series , 4 - 3 Tampa Bay 3 , Boston 1 All Postseason Boxscores WORLD SERIES Tampa Bay vs. Philadelphia Game 5 , 10/27 : PHI 4 , TB 3 Game 4 , 10/26 : PHI 10 , TB 2 Game 3 , 10/25 : PHI 5 , TB 4 Game 2 , 10/23 : TB 4 , PHI 2 Game 1 , 10/22 : PHI 3 , TB 2 LEAGUE CHAMPIONSHIP SERIES Tampa Bay vs. Boston Game 7 , 10/19 : TB 3 , BOS 1 Game 6 , 10/18 : BOS 4 , TB 2 Game 5 , 10/16 : BOS 8 , TB 7 Game 4 , 10/14 : TB 13 , BOS 4 Game 3 , 10/13 : TB 9 , BOS 1 Game 2 , 10/11 : TB 9 , BOS 8 Game 1 , 10/10 : BOS 2 , TB 0 Philadelphia vs. LA Dodgers Game 5 , 10/15 : PHI 5 , LAD 1 Game 4 , 10/13 : PHI 7 , LAD 5 Game 3 , 10/12 : LAD 7 , PHI 2 Game 2 , 10/10 : PHI 8 , LAD 5 Game 1 , 10/09 : PHI 3 , LAD 2 DIVISION SERIES Tampa Bay vs. Chi White Sox Game 4 , 10/06 : TB 6 , CWS 2 Game 3 , 10/05 : CWS 5 , TB 3 Game 2 , 10/03 : TB 6 , CWS 2 Game 1 , 10/02 : TB 6 , CWS 4 LA Angels vs. Boston Game 4 , 10/06 : BOS 3 , LAA 2 Game 3 , 10/05 : LAA 5 , BOS 4 Game 2 , 10/03 : BOS 7 , LAA 5 Game 1 , 10/01 : BOS 4 , LAA 1 Philadelphia vs. Milwaukee Game 4 , 10/05 : PHI 6 , MIL 2 Game 3 , 10/04 : MIL 4 , PHI 1 Game 2 , 10/02 : PHI 5 , MIL 2 Game 1 , 10/01 : PHI 3 , MIL 1 Chi Cubs vs. LA Dodgers Game 3 , 10/04 : LAD 3 , CHC 1 Game 2 , 10/02 : LAD 10 , CHC 3 Game 1 , 10/01 : LAD 7 , CHC 2
Tampa Bay October 19 , 2008 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 R H E Boston 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 3 0 Tampa Bay 0 0 0 1 1 0 1 0 X 3 6 1 Recap : BOS | TB | Wrap | Gameday Boston AB R H RBI BB SO LOB AVG Crisp , CF 4 0 1 0 0 1 0 .450 Pedroia , 2B 2 1 1 1 1 0 2 .346 Ortiz , D , DH 3 0 0 0 1 2 4 .154 Youkilis , 3B 3 0 0 0 1 0 1 .333 Drew , J , RF 3 0 0 0 1 2 4 .250 Bay , LF 3 0 1 0 1 2 0 .292 Kotsay , 1B 4 0 0 0 0 1 3 .233 Varitek , C 4 0 0 0 0 3 3 .050 Cora , SS 3 0 0 0 0 1 0 .143 a - Lowrie , PH 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 .111 Totals 30 1 3 1 5 12 18
a-Grounded into a forceout for Cora in the 9th .
BATTING
HR : Pedroia ( 3 , 1st inning off Garza , 0 on , 1 out ) .
TB : Crisp ; Bay ; Pedroia 4 .
RBI : Pedroia ( 5 ) .
Runners left in scoring position , 2 out : Ortiz , D ; Varitek ; Drew , J 2 .
Team RISP : 0 - for - 6 .
Team LOB : 8 .
BASERUNNING
SB : Pedroia ( 2 , 2nd base off Garza / Navarro , D ) .
CS : Pedroia ( 1 , 2nd base by Garza / Navarro , D ) .
Tampa Bay AB R H RBI BB SO LOB AVG Iwamura , 2B 4 0 1 0 0 0 2 .207 Upton Jr. , CF 4 0 0 0 0 1 3 .321 Pena , C , 1B 4 1 0 0 0 2 1 .269 Longoria , 3B 3 0 1 1 0 0 0 .259 Crawford , C , LF 3 0 0 0 0 2 1 .345 Aybar , W , DH 3 2 2 1 0 0 0 .421 Navarro , D , C 3 0 1 0 0 1 0 .192 Baldelli , RF 3 0 1 1 0 2 0 .333 Gross , RF 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 .000 Bartlett , SS 3 0 0 0 0 1 2 .217 Totals 30 3 6 3 0 9 9
BATTING
2B : Longoria ( 3 , Lester ) , Aybar , W ( 1 , Lester ) .
HR : Aybar , W ( 2 , 7th inning off Lester , 0 on , 0 out ) .
TB : Longoria 2 ; Baldelli ; Navarro , D ; Aybar , W 6 ; Iwamura .
RBI : Longoria ( 8 ) , Baldelli ( 4 ) , Aybar , W ( 6 ) .
2- out RBI : Longoria .
Runners left in scoring position , 2 out : Crawford , C ; Upton Jr. 2 .
Team RISP : 2 - for - 6 .
Team LOB : 3 .
FIELDING
E : Bartlett ( 2 , fielding ) .
DP : ( Navarro , D - Bartlett ) .
Boston IP H R ER BB SO HR ERA Lester ( L , 0 - 2 ) 7.0 6 3 3 0 8 1 4.97 Okajima 1.0 0 0 0 0 1 0 0.00 Tampa Bay IP H R ER BB SO HR ERA Garza ( W , 2 - 0 ) 7.0 2 1 1 3 9 1 1.38 Wheeler , D ( H , 1 ) 0.1 1 0 0 0 0 0 5.40 Howell ( H , 1 ) 0.1 0 0 0 0 0 0 3.38 Bradford 0.0 0 0 0 1 0 0 3.00 Price ( S , 1 ) 1.1 0 0 0 1 3 0 0.00
Garza pitched to 1 batter in the 8th .
Bradford pitched to 1 batter in the 8th .
Game Scores : Lester 61 , Garza 75 .
HBP : Pedroia ( by Garza ) .
Pitches - strikes : Lester 107-77 , Okajima 9 - 6 , Garza 118- 75 , Wheeler , D 8 - 5 , Howell 7 - 5 , Bradford 6 - 2 , Price 24 - 15 .
Groundouts - flyouts : Lester 5 - 4 , Okajima 1 - 1 , Garza 6 - 3 , Wheeler , D 0 - 1 , Howell 1 - 0 , Bradford 0 - 0 , Price 1- 0 .
Batters faced : Lester 27 , Okajima 3 , Garza 27 , Wheeler , D 2 , Howell 1 , Bradford 1 , Price 5 .
Inherited runners - scored : Wheeler , D 1 - 0 , Howell 2 - 0 , Bradford 2 - 0 , Price 3- 0 .
Umpires : HP : Brian Gorman .
1B : Sam Holbrook .
2B : Brian O'Nora .
3B : Tim McClelland .
LF : Alfonso Marquez .
RF : Angel Hernandez .
Weather : 72 degrees , dome .
Wind : Indoors .
T : 3:31 .
Att : 40,473 .
Venue : Tropicana Field .
October 19 , 2008
October 19 , 2008
Box score official statistics approved by Major League Baseball Office of the Commissioner
Below is an advertisement .
Every once in a while I encounter an online service or Web site that is so irritating that it seems like the people behind the service are just in it to frustrate Web users .
And I do n’t mean the obvious candidates like email spammers and purveyors of popup ads since they ’ve been around for so long I ’ve either learned how to ignore and avoid them .
There is a new generation of irritants and many of them are part of the new lunacy we call “ Web 2.0 ”
Flash Widgets with Embedded PDF
Documents : Somewhere along the line a bunch of startups decided that they needed to put a “ Web 2.0 ” spin on the simple concept of hosting people ’s office documents online .
You see , lots of people would like to share documents in PDF or Microsoft Office® formats that are n’t particularly Web friendly .
So how have sites like Scribd and Docstoc fixed this problem ?
By creating a Flash widgets containing the embedded PDF / Office documents like the one shown here .
So not only are the documents still in a Web unfriendly format but now I can’t even download them and use the tools on my desktop to read them .
It ’s like let ’s combine the FAIL of putting non-Web documents on the Web with the fail of a Web - unfriendly format like Flash .
FAIL ++.
By the way , it ’s pretty ironic that a Microsoft enterprise product gets this right where so many “ Web 2.0 ” startups get it wrong .
Hovering Over Links Produces Flash Widgets as Pop Over Windows :
The company that takes the cake for spreading this major irritant across the blogosphere is Snap Technologies and their Snap Shots™ product .
There ’s nothing quite as irritating as hovering over a link on your way to click another link and leaving a wake of pop over windows with previews of the Web pages at the end of said links .
I seriously wonder if anyone finds this useful ?
Facebook Advertisers :
One of the promises of Facebook is that its users will see more relevant advertising because there is all this rich demographic data about the site ’s users in their profiles .
Somewhere along the line this information is either getting lost or being ignored by Facebook ’s advertisers .
Even though my profile says I ’m married and out of my twenties I keep getting borderline sleazy ads whenever I login to play Scrabulous asking if I want to meet college girls .
Then there are the ads which are n’t for dating sites but still use sleazy imagery anyway .
It ’s mad embarrassing whenever my wife looks over to see what I ’m doing on my laptop to have dating site ads blaring in her face .
Obviously she knows I ’m not on a dating site but still …
Forums that Require Registration Showing Up in Search Results :
Every once in a while I do a Web search for a programming problem and a couple of links to Experts Exchange end up in the results .
What is truly annoying about this site is that the excerpt on the search result page makes it seem as though the answer to your question is one click away but when you click through you are greeted with “ All comments and solutions are available to Premium Service Members only ” .
I thought search engines had rules about banning sites with that sort of obnoxious behavior ?
Newspaper Websites with Interstitial Ads and Registration Requirements : Newspapers such as the New York Times often act as if they do n’t really want me reading the content on their Web site .
If I click on a link to a story on the New York Times site such as this one , one of two things will happen ; I ’m either taken to a full page animated advertisement with an option to skip the ad in relatively small font or I get a one sentence summary of the story with a notice that I need to register on their Web site before I can read the story .
Either way it ’s a bunch of bull crap that prevents me from getting to the news .
There are two things that strike me about this list as notable .
The first is that there are an increasing number of “ Web 2.0 ” startups out there who are actively using Flash to cause more problems than they claim to be solving .
The second is that requiring registration to view content is an amazingly stupid trend that is beyond dumb .
It ’s not like people need to register on your site to see ads so why reduce the size of your potential audience by including this road block ?
That ’s just stupid .
Now Playing : Pleasure P - Rock Bottom ( feat .
Lil Wayne )
It would also be designed to use power as efficiently , with the Zero racer designed to generate as much thrust as possible from its electric hub motors , aero - efficient solar skin and high - tech rigid sail .
Defense Secretary demands Congress fund new nuclear weapons program , offers veiled threats on testing John Byrne
Published : Wednesday October 29 , 2008
Print This Email This Hints that the Pentagon will restart nuclear testing in effort to prod Congress to fund new generation of weapons
After making a comment the same day saying that Russia must reduce its nuclear arsenal , Defense Secretary Robert Gates called on the United States to begin testing its nuclear weapon program and fund a new generation of nuclear weapons .
The Bush Administration is at odds with Congress on a law that would authorize the funding for a Reliable Replacable Warhead project -- the so called " next generation " of nuclear weapon designs .
" To be blunt , there is absolutely no way we can maintain a credible deterrent and reduce the number of weapons in our stockpile without resorting to testing our stockpile or pursuing a modernization program , " Gates told the Carnegie Endowment , where he spoke Thursday , according to prepared remarks posted by .
" In other words , " Wired 's Nathan Hodge remarks , " fund this thing , mothertruckers , or we start testing .
The United States concluded the last full - scale underground test of a nuke in 1992 , and declared an official moratorium two years later ; a return to testing would be a really big deal .
In a speech last month on the limits of U.S. power , he alluded ï¿½ briefly ï¿½ to the importance of RRW .
That part of the speech earned few headlines , but for nuke - watchers , it was a telling moment . "
" Currently , the United States is the only declared nuclear power that is neither modernizing its nuclear arsenal nor has the capability to produce a new nuclear warhead , " Gates added .
" The United Kingdom and France have programs to maintain their deterrent capabilities .
China and Russia have embarked on ambitious paths to design and field new weapons . "
Congress has blocked funding for the initiative in the past .
For the last two years , $ 89 million needed to determine the cost of building a new warhead was axed .
Ruh roh :
In this afternoon 's New York Times story on the Sarah Palin ( R ) insanity today was this sentence : Gov. Mark Sanford of South Carolina said that he had heard no discussion about removing Ms. Palin from the ticket .
Sometimes , it 's the questions being asked that are more important than the answers .
Expect the drumbeat to get louder as the media starts doing the vetting the McCain campaign did n't bother to do .
Certainly , membership in a secessionist party does n't help .
Marc Ambinder :
The Alaska Independence Party calls itself the third largest organization in the United States .
Its platform calls for the defense of " states rights , " to " seek the complete repatriation of the public lands , held by the federal government , to the state and people of Alaska in conformance with Article 1 , Section 8 , Clause 17 , of the federal constitution . "
Basically , the AIP wants a vote on secession .
According to the organizations ' website .
" [ T ] hough it is widely thought to be a secessionist movement , the Party makes great effort to emphasize that its primary goal is merely a vote on secession , something that Party advocates say Alaskans were denied during the founding of the state . "
In the meantime , Palin has lawyered up over Troopergate and has yet to teach her family message control :
Many people like to read and others hate reading .
I discovered these old quotes concerning the value of books which I wanted to share with you .
Serious entrepreneurs will go and grab a book and start reading after they absorb the power within these 9 Motivational Quotes about books .
Personally , number 9 is my favorite by Mark Twain .
Motivational Book Quote 1 :
“ How many a man has dated a new era in his life from reading a book ? ”
Henry David Thoreau ( 1817 - 1862 ) – American Essayist , Naturist and Poet
Motivational Book Quote 2 :
“ A man only learns in 2 ways , one by reading and the other by association with smarter people . ”
Will Rogers ( 1835 - 1935 ) – American Actor and Humorist
Motivational Book Quote 3 :
“ The books that help you most are those which make you think the most . ”
Theodore Parker ( 1810 - 1860 ) – Unitarian Theologian and Publicist
Motivational Book Quote 4 :
“ I suggest that the only books that influence us are those for which we are ready and
which have gone a little further down our particular path than we have yet got ourselves . ”
E.M. Forster ( 1879 - 1970 ) – English Novelist , Short - Story teller and Essayist
Motivational Book Quote 5 :
“ Books give not wisdom where none was before .
But where some is , there reading makes it more . ”
John Harrington ( 1516 - 16 - 17 ) – English Writer and Satirist
Motivational Book Quote 6 :
“ That is a good book which is opened with expectation and closed in profit . ”
Amos Bronson Alcott ( 1799 - 1888 ) – American Author
Motivational Book Quote 7 :
“ What a sense of security in an old book which time has criticized for us . ”
James Russell Lowell ( 1818 - 1891 ) – American Poet , Critic , Editor and Diplomat
Motivational Book Quote 8 :
“ In the case of good books , the point is not how many of them you can get through ,
but rather how many can get through to you . ”
Mortimer Jerome Adler ( B. 1902 ) – American Author and Philosopher
Motivational Book Quote 9 :
“ The man who does not read books has no advantage over the man who ca n’t read them ! ”
Mark Twain ( 1835 - 1910 ) – American Writer and Humorist
“ Dedicated to kicking your ass until you succeed . ”
Warmly
Trevor ‘ Toe Cracker ’ Crook
PS .
If you like these quotes and all of the others I have on my blog , I urge you to pay these forward to your friends and anyone you know can benefit from them .
Simply send them to home page of my blog .
No related posts .
Related posts brought to you by Yet Another Related Posts Plugin .
The Dems ' Project New West has its sights set on Arizona and they say McCain 's lead is down to a slim 4 points .
Could McCain lose his home state ?
Democrats are circulating a poll showing Sen.
John McCain losing ground in his home state of Arizona , an ominous sign for his beleaguered campaign as state after state turns blue .
Project New West , which aims to build the Democratic Party in the Intermountain West , says the Republican leads Sen. Barack Obama ( D - Ill. ) in the Grand Canyon State , 48 percent to 44 percent .
Advertisement
The pollsters call that a “ dramatic shift ” from a survey they took in mid-September , which had McCain ahead by 14 points , 54 percent to 40 percent .
“ Bad News for McCain : Presidential Contest in Arizona has Closed in Arizona And McCain Now Leads By Just 4 Points , ” says a memo from pollsters Andrew Myers of Myers Research and Strategic Services and Lisa Grove of Grove Research .
The poll of 600 likely Arizona voters was taken Thursday and Friday , and has a margin of error of plus or minus 4 percentage points .
McCain has represented Arizona in the House or Senate since 1982 .
In 2000 , President Bush won Arizona by 6 percentage points .
In 2004 , he widened that to 11 percentage points .
Most polling has showed McCain winning his home state easily .
The Real Clear Politics average of Arizona polls gives McCain an 11.3 - point advantage over Obama .
The McCain campaign did not respond to requests for comment .
Matt Cover
CNSNews
October 27 , 2008
The U.S. stock market has lost 1,417 points–a decline of nearly $ 3 trillion in value–since President Bush signed into law a $ 700 - billion financial industry bailout bill that was supported by both the Republican and Democratic presidential candidates .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
Last week , stock markets closed at a loss for the third straight week since the bailout ’s enactment .
When Bush signed the bill Oct. 3 , the New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ) Composite Index was valued at $ 14.3 trillion , closing at 7,088 points .
The Composite Index , unlike the Dow Jones Index , is a look at how all stocks in the market are faring .
Over the last 14 trading days , the market has lost 1,417 points , worth nearly $ 2.9 trillion in value–roughly $ 214 billion per day .
As of Thursday , Oct. 23 , the market had fallen to 5,671 points , worth $ 11.4 trillion .
By the close of the market on Friday , the index had fallen another 244 points , to 5,427 –with the new estimate of total value not yet available .
Read article
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
October 6 , 2008 — Patrick Zimmerman
Springsteen Plays at Obama Rally : “ Obama Will Restore America ’s Promise ”
Bruce Springsteen called the Bush presidency “ a disaster ” and said many Americans have “ justifiably lost faith ” in the American dream .
The legendary singer interrupted his seven - song performance at the Obama voter - registration rally in Philadelphia last Saturday to praise Democrat Barack Obama and bemoan the crises facing the next president .
“ After the disaster of the last eight years , we need somebody to lead us in an American reclamation project , ” Springsteen said .
Springsteen said that America remains a house of dreams for some , but that too many people have given up on the promise of fairness and equality .
“ I ’ve spent 35 years writing about America and its people and the meaning of the American promise , a promise handed down right here in this city , ” said Springsteen , whose songs often depict down - on - their - luck , working - class dreamers .
“ Our everyday citizens … have justifiably lost faith in its meaning . ”
The rally , planned by the Obama campaign just a week ago , drew tens of thousands of people to the Benjamin Franklin Parkway .
Springsteen himself approached the Obama campaign and asked to help out .
You can read the full version of Bruce Springsteen ’s comments here .
And you can watch the entire 42:30 minutes of his acoustic set here .
Springsteen Plays at Obama Rally in Philadelphia
Bruce Springsteen : The Streets of Philadelphia
Please Remember Me and Bookmark
This :
Charles Jay has an attractive new Web site up for his bid to capture the White House in 2008 .
The site lists Jay as the candidate of the Utah - based Personal Choice Party , but he will also be vying for the Boston Tea Party ‘s nomination , this coming Sunday .
Here ’s an abbreviated look of where Jay stands on the issues :
Taxes :
Jay is against the graduated income tax , and says he sees “ user fees , ” a national sales tax ( excluding “ necessities ” ) , or even a flat tax on income as offering a “ step in the right direction . ”
“ But first things first , ” says Jay .
“ There is way too much government waste , a product of the greed of politicians .
That should be addressed before any tax reform is undertaken . ”
Jay ’s stance is thus very similar to that of Bob Barr .
Education : Jay wants to eliminate the Department of Education “ as it exists today . ”
He advocates school choice on the local level , and home schooling .
He also sees great potential for home - based learning using the Internet .
Environment : Here Jay takes the libertarian hard line , calling for privatization as a means of preserving the environment , and blaming most environmental problems on the government itself .
Affirmative Action : Jay ’s against it .
Health Care : Jay is more compromising in his position here , saying , “ Simply dismissing [ health care ] as a problem the free market can solve is unrealistic , because you ’re going to have elderly people , those under the poverty level , and others who would otherwise be considered uninsurable , and you ca n’t just sit back and let those people wither away and die . ”
He also supports Medical Savings Accounts and “ drastically reducing the size and scope ” of the FDA , or eliminating it altogether .
Gun Rights : “ The right to bear arms also ensures the citizenry the right to protect itself FROM government .
That right must never be taken away . ”
Social Security : Jay calls it a “ Ponzi Scheme ” and say it should “ ultimately ” be eliminated .
War in Iraq : “ We need more than to pull out of Iraq .
We need to change the way we are currently looking at foreign policy , which now emphasizes pre-emption .
These policies provide other nations with moral justification to attack us , because after all , the United States has far more weapons of mass destruction than anyone else . ”
Campaign Finance Reform : Jay says McCain - Feingold rigs the system in favor of the two major parties and restricts free speech .
The only way to reduce the influence of special interests , Jay says , is to reduce the amount of new legislation and restore the Constitution .
Gay Marriage : Jay supports equal rights for GLBT individuals and opposes efforts made by the federal government to define marriage .
“ Show me a married heterosexual couple that feels its union is threatened by the existence of gay marriages and I ’ll show you a marriage that is weak enough to have problems under ANY circumstances . ”
Line - Item Veto : Jay supports it .
The War on Drugs : Jay ’s against it , and says education is the way to reduce demand for drugs .
Capital Punishment : Jay no longer supports the death penalty .
He cites the socio-economic and racial disparities of its application , the penalty ’s finality , and ultimately , his unwillingness to give the federal government the power of life and death over its citizens .
Abortion : Jay is pro choice , but he opposes federal funding for abortions .
He says a woman ’s body is her property and not the property of the government .
He is not 100 % decided on late - term abortions , however .
Read more at CJ08.com .
DIGG THIS
Gary North has told us of " Keynesianism ’s Last Stand . "
I can only agree .
It is also Monetarism ’s last stand , that being a softer version of Keynesianism .
The winner is — Ludwig von Mises and Austrian economics !
If this is Keynesianism ’s Last Stand , it is also Government ’s Last Stand .
Custer under -estimated the size of the enemy he faced .
The government under -estimates the problems it faces .
Its terrain is as exposed to attack as was Custer’s .
Wall Street owns Capitol Hill , and now Capitol Hill owns Wall Street .
It has owned Main Street for a long time .
America ’s form of government is an interlocking directorate .
Treasury owns Citibank which buys its political clout on Capitol Hill .
The money circle is closed .
This is the ultimate in recycling .
The Fed prints it and lends it to the Treasury who lends it to the banks who lend it to Americans who give it up to the Treasury .
Charles E. Wilson was the chairman of General Motors Corporation ( GM ) .
In 1953 , he said “ because for years I thought what was good for the country was good for General Motors and vice versa . ”
GM stock recently traded at $ 4 a share .
Toyota ’s market value is roughly 25 times that of GM .
The search for gold via government and inflation has produced no Treasure of the Sierra Madre .
The fool ’s gold of inflated stock and home prices has blown away with the winds .
" We do n’t need no stinkin ’ badges , " robber Alphonso Bedoya said in that film in his attempt to pose as a lawman .
" We do n’t need no stinkin ’ government , " he may as well have said .
Money is a claim on resources .
Where there are resources and productive values , claims can be created on them and there is no problem .
But printing more claims does not produce more resources .
The government and its printer ( the Fed ) have no resources except what they take from us .
Printing claims enables them to take these resources from us , but it does not expand their amount .
If Austrian economics is the winner , why is n’t it winning ?
It will .
Just wait .
Austrian economics rightly blames government for causing economic ills such as great depressions .
The solution is obvious : little or no government .
The government does n’t want to hear that .
So instead it fights on , against insuperable odds .
There is no third way between liberty and private property and its opposite , which is government ownership and control of everyone and everything in the country .
Government is a black hole .
It is a field of political power that is so strong that nothing can escape its pull , or so it seems .
Once established , it grows .
The physical black hole concentrates a large amount of mass in a small space and creates a strong gravitational force that traps even light .
The government black hole concentrates a large amount of power in a few people who trap society ’s resources .
According to quantum theory , however , black holes leak energy ( Hawking radiation . )
Its life is finite .
Government faces leakages of capital .
Capital flees the control of government .
The government ’s life is also finite .
Finance is a final constraint upon a government .
When it can no longer finance itself , it fails .
When its tax collections fail , it fails .
When its printing press no longer seizes enough real capital to sustain the government , it turns to brute force seizure .
This brings its political power into the open .
As greater awareness of the seizures spreads , capital flees .
Capital flees taxes and seizures of all kinds .
It goes into hiding domestically .
It runs off to foreign havens .
This has been going on for many years .
It will accelerate .
The costs to the government of seizing capital will rise sharply , and this will constrain government .
With capital flight , the government ’s theft runs into diminishing returns .
The cost of enforcing open and direct seizures rises .
Furthermore , lenders balk .
Interest rates on government debt rise .
At the same time , tax collections become more difficult .
The government fails to manage the capital it has seized , and that too diminishes its means of finance .
The entire economy slows down , harming tax revenues .
Underground markets proliferate , undercutting tax revenues .
The principle that capital abhors a negative return ( or that it demands a positive return ) overcomes the power of government .
Government fails .
And this is a blessing .
If the black hole of government proves too powerful for the concerted action of its citizens to control it , then they will control it by their own personal and individual actions .
They will remove their capital from government control .
Government has lived by capital , and it will die by capital .
The Best of Michael S. Rozeff
PALINS ' FASHION BILL : $ 150,000
The political website www.politico.com reported Tuesday night that the Republican National Committee has spent more than $ 150,000 for clothes , accessories , cosmetics and hair - styling for Palin and her family since August .
According to RNC financial disclosure records , the amount includes a bill of more than $ 75,000 from Neiman Marcus in Minneapolis in early September , as well as bills from Saks Fifth Avenue in St. Louis and New York totaling more than $ 49,000 .
The RNC also spent more than $ 4,700 on hair and makeup through September -- after reporting no such costs in August .
McCain campaign spokeswoman Maria Comella declined to comment on the expenditures .
Politico reported that a review of similar records for the Barack Obama campaign and the Democratic National Committee turned up no spending similar to the amount spent on Palin and her family .
McCAIN'S BUDGET A FRACTION OF OBAMA'S
Democrat Barack Obama spent $ 87.5 million last month and began October with nearly $ 134 million in the bank , illustrating his vast financial advantage over John McCain , his Republican rival , who ended September with $ 47 million in the bank .
Obama has emerged as the most prodigious fundraiser ever in presidential politics .
He spent $ 65 million on commercials in September .
McCain spent $ 22.5 million .
Even with extra help from the Republican National Committee , McCain has been at a clear disadvantage on the air .
Obama reported raising a record - shattering $ 151 million in September , more than doubling the fundraising record he had set in August .
McCain is accepting public financing and is limited to $ 84 million for the two months before Election Day .
OBAMA GETS HIS GROOVE ON ?
While managing an application development group , I once asked one of my employees , “ What do you want to do with your career ?
What do you want to be ? ”
I was terribly disppointed by his answer : “ I want to be a J2EE architect . ” ...
This guy wanted to build his career around a speciﬁc technology created by a speciﬁc company of which he was not an employee .
What if the company goes out of business ?
What if it let its now - sexy technology become obsolete ?
Why would you want to trust a technology company with your career ?
Obie and I are good friends .
He was n't trying to insult me .
I was talking about how much I liked my new job ( at DRW Trading ) , and the different aspects of the job .
One aspect of my job is that I spend a fair amount of my time working with Java .
I do some C# and some Ruby also , but these days it 's more Java than anything else .
I believe Obie was genuinely curious if I felt like I sold out since I 'm not doing Ruby full - time anymore .
It 's an interesting question , but it comes packed with all kinds of assumptions .
For the question to be valid , I would have had to trade something I truly care about for the combination of something I did and did not like .
Luckily , that was n't the case .
Obie is n't the first person to be surprised that I 'm no longer working full - time with Ruby .
Truthfully , I find it a bit funny that people think I would base a career move on a language .
Ruby is my favorite language , but it's not the correct choice for every problem that needs to be solved .
And , languages have never been my primary concern when deciding what job to take .
My first job primarily used Cold Fusion .
When I joined AOL Time Warner I gave up Cold Fusion for PHP .
When I joined IAG I gave up PHP for C# .
And so on .
As you can see , I 've never been too tied to a language .
I 've always been most interested in learning and growing .
I love jobs that help me improve my skills .
Chad Fowler talks about something similar .
In the section " Do n’t Put All Your Eggs in Someone Else ’s Basket " of , Chad says the following : I think Chad got it right , but it 's not just companies you should n't trust .
I would n't base my career on any technology , whether it was produced by a company or an open source community .
I prefer jobs that allow me to learn new things .
Think of it as job security -- I should n't ever be out - of - date when it comes to technology experience .
Think of it as an investment -- everything I learn creates a broader range of experience that I can leverage for future projects or jobs .
Think of it as experimenting -- by trying many different solutions I may find ways to combine them and innovate .
I 've turned down several jobs that paid more or offered comfort .
I 've never regretted it .
Your career is long and ( as Chad says ) you should treat it as a business .
When you look at it from that perspective it obviously makes sense to spend the early years learning and deciding which is the best direction to take .
The truth is , if you focus on one technology you 'll never be as good as your teammates who have more experience mixing technologies to produce the best solution .
As I told Obie , I definitely do n't feel like I sold out .
In fact , one of the reasons I joined DRW was because they use Java .
I 've never worked with Java , messaging , or the financial domain .
Having experience with those 3 things will make me better .
And , diversifying your experience will make you better as well .
Kelly Reilly is Guy Ritchie 's New Girlfriend
wasted no time finding a replacement for , seeking the comfort of a younger woman mere days after an announcement he was divorcing the Material Girl
Kelly Reilly , a British actress almost 20 years Madonna 's junior , is currently starring in Ritchie 's upcoming film " Sherlock Holmes . "
Apparently that 's not the only place the 31 - year - old actress is starring .
Reilly , who is currently staying at a Chatham hotel , was reportedly joined by Ritchie on October 18 , when he sent his driver back to his London home to pack an overnight bag for a last minute stay .
The news does n't really come as a surprise .
Rumors of infidelity in the couple 's 7 1/2 year marriage have run rampant , and Madonna has recently been romantically linked with New York Yankees relief pitcher Alex Rodriguez .
So who is Kelly Reilly ?
She was born in Chessington , Greater London and made her professional acting debut at age 17 in the British police drama " Prime Suspect . "
She appeared in “ The Libertine ” with Johnny Depp , with Judi Dench in “ Mrs. Henderson Presents , ” and she had a small role in “ Pride and Prejudice ” with Keira Knightley .
Reilly previously dated actor JJ Feild and was once engaged to Jonah Lotan , an Israeli - American actor .
More photos of Kelly Reilly below .
photos : Wenn
Mac Pro , le pépin toxique pour Apple ?
asks French newspaper , Liberation ( Babelfish translation ) .
Strong - smelling Mac
Pros have been discussed on Apple forums , but an anonymous CNRS researcher ( a molecular biologist ) went to Greenpeace .
Greenpeace got Analytica involved , and then Inéris , France 's national institute covering the industrial environment .
Apparently benzene is a component of the smell , and this could be risky .
Liberation says :
« Le benzène peut avoir des effets sur la moelle osseuse .
Imaginons qu'une personne travaille huit heures par jour pendant deux mois en inspirant de telles vapeurs , des personnes sensibles pourraient très bien développer des leucémies » , affirme Annie Leszkowicz , experte en risque chimique auprès de l'Agence française de sécurité sanitaire de l'environnement et du travail .
Over time , sensitive people could develop leukaemias , she says .
Unconfirmed stories suggest the problem Mac Pros have been built in China , not at Apple 's European factory in Cork .
If so , the risk could affect few or no UK users .
Note , we 're not talking about an ordinary " new equipment " aroma .
The original poster at MacRumours said his new 3.0 Mac Pro Octo
stinks to high heaven .
It 's a plastic - burning type smell , seems almost toxic , the smell coming out the back fan .
I have to shut it down and leave the room every few hours to air it out , it 's that bad .
I 've heard about the " new mac smell " and had a tiny taste of it with a new macbook last summer , but this is different -- it 's intense , nauseating , and makes you feel funny .
Friends and neighbors have agreed : this can't be good .
Another poster said : " It takes longer now to produce the problem , but after running about 2 hours the Mac Pro stinks like he did before .
It is so intense that you can't stay in the room . "
There 's a difference between something being smelly , which is unpleasant , and being a health risk , which is serious .
Time for Apple to respond , do n't you think ?
An Apple Core reader , also anonymous , says at ZD Net :
Smart Idea Cars for Rent , From Almost Any Curb
Want to rent a Smart car for 19 cents a minute ?
Just flash your driver 's licence at a device by the windshield , and off you go .
That 's the essence of a pilot project starting in the German city of Ulm on Friday .
I was headed into my local grocer in Durham , North Carolina last weekend when I saw a startling sight .
A pickup truck of early 1990s era was in the carpark , and scrawled across the side of it in big , carefully - lettered permanent marker were the words " Southern White Hard - Working Beer - Drinking Gun-Owning White Man In His 50s FOR OBAMA ! " , with the last two words drawn about eighteen inches high .
Now , it is n't uncommon for a man to deface his beloved pickup truck in the South , especially when he is passionate about a cause .
This is n't to say that we do n't revere the iconic pick - up truck much the way that some nomads revere horses or camels .
It 's as much an economic issue as anything – a man with a pick - up truck wo n't starve , ever .
But as such , most truck - owning Southerners treat their vehicles like prized thoroughbreds – it takes a lot to bring a man to voluntarily deface it .
When it does happen , it is a bold and powerful statement to the community .
Usually a Nascar racing team is involved , or a local government agency who he feels has targeted him unfairly .
Ex-wives frequently crop up on the sides of trucks – as do their lawyers – and especially after September 11 , global Islamic terrorists and our war - weary troops have been the favourite subjects .
And religious verse and iconography are not infrequent , either .
Pickup trucks in the South are a kind of rolling marginalia , an eight - cylinder object d'art , a practical exercise of free speech on big tires .
So when a Southern white man defaces his white truck in the name of an African American candidate for office – favourably – that is indeed worthy of note by us casual " pickup truck spotters " .
Admittedly , we are in a solidly - Democratic city with a large African - American population , with one of the most liberal private universities in the nation and the South 's second highest lesbian population .
If you travel 50 miles in any direction from Durham , you emerge into the " real " rural South , famed in song , story and film for its quaint cultural attitudes , casual violence , extreme politeness and devout religious piety .
And , of course , its racial insecurity .
Race intrudes in just about every aspect of life in the American south that it becomes part of the atmosphere , like the water in a fishtank .
I did n't really understand that myself until I traveled beyond the South and realized the difference .
Once upon a time it would have been nigh unthinkable for a white man , no matter how liberal , to voice support for an African - American political candidate - period .
After 30 years of consistent jabbing at the old Southern social order , such things are more common today .
The " Age of Obama " has helped shake up the last vestiges of the old regime , however , and as we approach Election Day it 's easy to see how the casual racism that used to be so overt in Dixie can be so easily exhumed .
The danger to the Obama campaign in the South has always been racial in nature – and his campaign has done its best to distance itself from the traditional southern African American political machines ( which are just as corrupt and effective as the white Republican political machines ) while still energizing the base they represent .
It 's been a delicate dance , and one made harder by his middle name and African heritage .
Militant " Black Muslims " have always been a boogey - man to ignorant white voters in the South , and damning Obama by implication is second nature to his opponents here .
They nearly salivated over the inflammatory Jeremiah Wright video , figuring it was an open - and - shut condemnation that would keep the region safely red this year .
Not so fast .
The race card has been continuously played here for 200 years , now , and used to effect political change , usually by wealthy white people .
It has led to the only successful coup d'etat in American history , the deaths of thousands by lynching , the disenfranchisement of a good 20 % of the population , and a racially - based caste system that took decades to overthrow .
Today it leaves behind a residue that is all - too - apparent in this presidential race .
Sometimes it 's blatant .
" You 're just supporting Obama because of white guilt , " one woman of my parents ' generation accuses me .
" They are trying to make you feel bad because of slavery ! " she whines .
She 's voted Democratic in every election I 've voted in , but she 's suddenly become a conservative Republican , now that McCain is facing a black man .
My protests about the race - neutral issue of a trillion dollars spent on our foreign wars meaning more to me than four centuries of racial injustice fall on deaf ears .
To her , the only reason a sane white Southerner would ever support an African American for president is because of racial guilt .
Sometimes it 's slightly more subtle .
Another lady from my church , one I privately called " the Right Arm Of God " - not because of her observed piety , I should probably point out , but for her excessive zeal in protecting her daughter 's virtue - is upset that I 've been vocal in support of Obama in public where people can see .
" I hope you 'll use that intellect to get the right man elected , " she cautions me .
I do n't need to be a genius to figure out what she means .
But sometimes you find relief from the ignorance in unexpected places .
Like when my brother - in - law , a deputy sheriff , epitome of Southern conservative power , pulled into my driveway and nodded to my Obama sticker .
" I 'm gonna vote for that sumb*tch , " he expressed , colourfully .
" Looks like McCain 's gonna be another term for George Bush , and I 'd rather vote for a damn Muslim negro than that . "
And no , he did n't use the word " negro " .
It was the same day I saw that pick - up truck with the proud pro-Obama message .
Baby steps .
The Night You Wrote That Song : The Songs of Mickey Newbury available now !
“ Just like Newbury did , Peters has braided a Nashville career as songwriter to the stars with her own series of excellent albums .
Here , she gifts one of her heroes the best kind of tribute , where the quality of the performances reciprocates the quality of the songs . ”
– Associated Press
“ Peters continues to make exquisite recordings …
She not only captured every drip of emotion in his lyrics but stunningly transformed his songs . ” – Glide Magazine
“ A tribute to Newbury ’s work has been long overdue ; you could ask for no finer one than this . ” – Folk Radio UK
“ Peters has issued her mesmerizing take on ‘ The Night You Wrote That Song , ’ the closing cut from Newbury ’s 1979 LP The Sailor . ” – Rolling Stone
“ Peters has wholly brought herself and her own sonic landscape to this record .
It is masterstroke , taking a true artist to pay in equal part homage to her hero , but also completely bringing herself and her inner psyche to the reinvention of these songs … a stellar accomplishment . ”
– Off The Record
“ Gretchen Peters charms on ‘ The Night You Wrote That Song ’ .
The song features her rich , crystalline voice and it has a stirring and retro vibe to it .
Peters ( who wrote Martina McBride ’s signature song “ Independence Day ” ) knocks “ The Night You Wrote That Song ” out of the ballpark . ” – Digital Journal
( On “ Why You Been Gone So Long ” ) , “ Peters all but re-creates a crowded , beer - slick dancefloor .
Get up and dance . ” – Rolling Stone
“ Gretchen Peters is the only one that could have pulled off this ‘ tribute ’ to Mickey Newbury so successfully . ” –
Alan Cackett , alancackett.com
***** “ Gretchen Peters tribute to Mickey Newbury hits the target .
The songs are well - chosen , the vocals top - notch and the production breathes air into the fantastic songs .
The backing musicians also add much to the superb release … what are you waiting for ?
Buy this album ! ” – Country Music People ( UK )
The Night You Wrote That Song is an album that asks for your undivided attention .
Song connoisseurs wo n’t need any such instruction , because they know that the name Gretchen Peters is a guarantee of listening excellence .
Over the course of a dozen albums , her luminous voice and brilliant songwriting have earned her a devoted following .
Along the way , she has given us enduring gems – “ The Chill of an Early Fall , ” “ Independence Day , ” “ The Secret of Life ” and the like – that have earned her induction into the Nashville Songwriters Hall of Fame .
But with this new collection , Peters pauses the series of albums that have made her a “ songwriter ’s songwriter . ”
Instead , she is introducing herself as an interpreter of someone else ’s work .
In this case , it is the stunning output of her fellow Nashville Songwriters Hall of Fame member , the late Mickey Newbury ( 1940 -2002 ) .
“ Of all the songwriters of his era , he was the one I really listened to , “ says Peters .
“ He was a definite hero of mine .
And I did n’t feel he was given his due as much as some of the others .
“ I became aware of him when I was a teenager living in Boulder , CO .
His singing and his guitar playing were great , but it was his overall vision as an artist that was so clear to me , even at 18 or 19 years old .
“ My mom used to listen to him a lot .
So when the idea of doing this album came about 15 years ago , I talked to her about it .
I always put it off , but my mom was always urging me to do it . ”
Longtime fans are aware of the rich , clear power in the singing of Gretchen Peters .
The Night You Wrote That Song vividly showcases this as she explores the eloquence in Newbury ’s melodies and lyrics .
Mickey Newbury left a legacy that includes such evergreen songs as “ Why You Been Gone So Long ” ( popularized by Johnny Darrell , Jerry Lee Lewis and Brenda Lee , among others ) , “ Just Dropped In ” ( a 1968 pop hit for Kenny Rogers & The First Edition ) and “ She Even Woke Me Up to Say Goodbye ” ( a country smash for both Ronnie Milsap and Jerry Lee Lewis ) .
Peters reacquaints us with those timeless treasures , but also dives deeper into Newbury ’s extraordinary catalog .
She draws on her interpretive vocal skills to bring out the wistful ache in “ Three Bells for Stephen , ” the questing wanderlust of “ Heaven Help the Child , ” the defeated desolation in “ Wish I Was , ” the heartbreak of “ Leaving Kentucky ” and the sad poetry in “ The Sailor . ”
She draws out each note of pain and loneliness in Newbury ’s “ Frisco Depot . ”
She seeks salvation in her echoey , hushed treatment of “ Saint Cecelia . ”
Peters has you hanging on every line in Newbury ’s superb story song “ San Francisco Mabel Joy . ”
Newbury ’s evocative lyric for “ The Night You Wrote That Song ” quotes lines from “ Help Me Make It Through the Night , ” penned by another songwriting legend , Kris Kristofferson .
In her lovely , languid treatment , Gretchen Peters imbues the song with layers of contemplation and nostalgia .
Much of The Night You Wrote That Song was recorded at Nashville ’s legendary Cinderella Sound studio , the same place where Mickey Newbury recorded the original versions of some of these songs .
Peters is joined on the tracks by such stellar accompanists as Will Kimbrough , Charlie McCoy , Buddy Miller , Dan Dugmore , Kim Richey and Dave Roe .
The contributions of keyboardist / vocalist Barry Walsh weave throughout the collection , and he co-produced all of the album ’s inventive instrumental textures with Peters .
“ About three years ago , Barry and I hit on this idea , ” she recalls .
“ We realized that Cinderella Studio was still running .
It ’s like a time capsule of 1962 .
We said to each other , ‘ What if we just go into Cinderella and do a couple of songs ?
Just to see if maybe there could be magic in that space . ’
We loved the sound of the place .
We loved the fact that we were capturing something .
And we loved the fact that we were in the same place where Mickey recorded those three iconic albums of his .
“ So we just kept going , a little at a time .
Every few months , we ’d show up again and record a few more songs .
There was no pressure .
There was no schedule .
It took a long time , because we took our time .
And I kept coming up with obscure Mickey Newbury songs that I just loved .
“ Mickey had such a distinctive guitar style .
I did n’t want somebody who would copy it , but someone who could sort of ‘ channel ’ it .
And I knew that person was n’t going to be me .
I knew going into this that I did n’t want to play guitar .
That ’s how Will Kimbrough became such a huge part of the record .
I also knew that I wanted the basic tracks to be live , so that I could just sing ; Barry and Will could play .
We did the whole album that way , just the three of us .
Then if we felt we needed to add stuff , we did . ”
The resulting album is the latest highlight in a three - decade career that has been full of them .
Gretchen Peters grew up in an artistic household in New York State and Colorado .
A guitarist and songwriter since childhood , she became a local folk - music favorite in Boulder .
She arrived in Nashville in 1987 , and word spread swiftly about her songwriting prowess .
Beginning in 1989 , country artists such as Randy Travis , Highway 101 , George Jones and Joe Barnhill put her songs on their albums .
Larry Boone ( “ To Be With You ” ) and Karen Tobin ( “ Love From a Heart of Stone ” ) chose Peters songs for singles .
Then George Strait gave the songwriter her big breakthrough by topping the charts with “ The Chill of an Early Fall ” in 1991 .
During 1992 - 93 , Gretchen Peters songs became singles for Pam Tillis ( “ Let That Pony Run ” ) , Holly Dunn ( “ Golden Years ” ) , Martina McBride ( “ My Baby Loves Me ” ) , Suzy Bogguss ( “ Souvenirs ” ) and Shania Twain ( “ Dance With the One That Brought You ” ) .
McBride ’s 1993 version of “ Independence Day ” led to a Song of the Year award for Peters from the Country Music Association .
Songwriting success continued in 1994 - 96 via singles by Patty Loveless ( the Grammy - nominated “ You Don’t Even Know Who I Am ” ) , Michelle Wright ( “ Nobody ’s Girl ” ) and Trisha Yearwood ( “ On a Bus to St. Cloud ” ) .
Neil Diamond , Lionel Cartwright , Lowen & Navarro , Maureen McCormick , Bryan Austin , Alabama and others recorded Peters songs .
She began collaborating with rock star Bryan Adams .
This resulted in her co-writing his “ Rock Steady ” 1995 duet with Bonnie Raitt .
Peters has had several Canadian rock hits with her other Adams songs .
Anne Murray , Sarah McLachlan and Patricia Conroy also hit the charts in Canada with her songs .
Despite huge success as a songwriter , Gretchen Peters yearned to make records .
She finally began showcasing her silk - and - smoke voice on her debut album , The Secret of Life , in 1996 .
The CD ’s title tune became a giant hit for Faith Hill two years later .
In the late 1990s , “ High Lonesome ” became a perennial bluegrass favorite , and Peters ’ songwriting notoriety spread into the r&b world due to recordings by Etta James ( “ Love ’s Been Rough on Me ” ) and The Neville Brothers ( “ Over Africa ” ) .
Peters resumed record making with 2001 ’s Gretchen Peters , 2004 ’s Halcyon and 2006 ’s Trio : Recorded Live .
Her 2007 CD Burnt Toast & Offerings and her 2008 holiday collection Northern Lights drew particularly high praise from critics .
Songwriting success continued .
Andy Griggs scored a huge hit with her song “ If Heaven ” in 2005 .
“ When You Love Someone ” was in the hit film soundtrack for Hope Floats .
Peters received a 2002 Golden Globe Best Original Song nomination for “ Here I Am ” from the soundtrack of Spirit .
Her songs were also featured on the soundtracks of the hit TV series Nashville .
Kenny Rogers , John Rich , Billy Ray Cyrus , Lee Roy Parnell , Emmylou Harris , Lee Ann Womack , Michael Martin Murphey , Carrie Underwood and more country headliners continued to record her works .
In the new millennium , Gretchen Peters songs became particularly favored by Americana music artists .
These included Jimmy LaFave , Mary Gauthier , Matraca Berg and Tom Russell , with whom she recorded a duet CD in 2009 .
Peters hit her stride as a solo album maker with the critically acclaimed Circus Girl ( 2009 ) , Hello Cruel World ( 2012 ) , Blackbirds ( 2015 ) and the politically charged Dancing with the Beast ( 2018 ) .
Throughout her career , she has performed benefit shows for feminist , social - justice and progressive causes .
She was voted into the Nashville Songwriters Hall of Fame in 2014 .
Today , Gretchen Peters invites us to hear her as an interpretive vocalist .
The sounds of the great Mickey Newbury that she shares on The Night You Wrote That Song are our alert to stop and listen .
“ I knew that if I brought these songs forward and kept the production stripped down enough , that people would really hear the incredible lyrics of Mickey Newbury , ” says Peters .
“ My approach toward singing is always , ‘ Tell the people the story . ’
For some reason , people really hear the words when I sing them .
I knew I could bring that to the table .
“ The last three albums I put out , I felt , ‘ Okay , if I die tomorrow , these can be my legacy .
I ’ll stand by these songs , and I ’m happy with that . ’
So it felt like I was at a creative resting place .
I thought , ‘ What better time to dive into someone else ’s songs ? ’
And in the back of my mind , I hoped that this project would inspire my own writing .
And it did .
These are inspiring songs .
“ My ultimate goal was to create new Mickey Newbury fans .
I wanted to shine a light on him . ”
– Robert K. Oermann
SaveSave
SaveSave
SaveSave
SaveSave
SaveSave
SaveSave
SaveSave
SaveSave
Microsoft will let loose a new operating system , Windows Cloud , at the company ’s annual developer conference later this month .
Boss Steve Ballmer announced Redmond ’s plans at a Software plus Services partner event in London this lunchtime .
He playfully gave the OS the temporary name of Windows Cloud .
Apparently , we ’ll learn more from Microsoft about the platform at the Professional Developers Conference in Los Angeles , which takes place at the end of October .
“ We need a new operating system designed for the cloud and we will introduce one in about four weeks , we ’ll even have a name to give you by then .
But let ’s just call it for the purposes of today ‘ Windows Cloud ’ , ” said Ballmer .
“ Just like Windows Server looked a lot like Windows but with new properties , new characteristics and new features , so will Windows Cloud look a lot like Windows Server . ”
Ballmer also hinted at what would be built into the new OS , including geo replication , how to design apps intended to commingle [ we think he means appeasing regulators by providing more interoperability ] , management modelling and an SOA model , to effectively create a new platform .
“ We ’re not driving an agenda towards being service providers but we ’ve gotta build a service that is Windows in the cloud , ” admitted Ballmer .
He also hit out at internet kingpin and pesky rival Google .
“ If you talk to Google they ’ll say it 's thin client computing but then they ’ll issue a new browser that ’s basically a big fat operating system designed to compete with Windows but running on top of it , ” he said .
“ Steve Ballmer observation , " machine gunned the fragrant CEO .
Ballmer also acknowledged that Midori - which many have speculated will be a post - Windows operating system from MS - lives , at least in incubation form , that is .
The firm has no plans to bring Midori to market - yet .
It 's merely a research project , he added .
" Our big problem is there ’s just no secret that gets kept in Microsoft .
The guy in the office next door to somebody working on Midori is not supposed to know about Midori , " he said .
" The last thing we want is for somebody else to obsolete us , if we ’re gonna get obseleted [ sic ] we better do it to ourselves . " ®
Sept. 30 , 2008  -- Barack Obama maintains an advantage on the economy , especially economic empathy , and he 's cracked majority acceptance on his key challenge , experience .
But the political center remains unrooted , keeping John McCain in the race , albeit against headwinds .
Movement continues among independents , quintessential swing voters and a highly changeable group this year .
They favored McCain by 10 points immediately after the Republican convention , swung to Obama last week and stand now at a close division between the two -- 48 percent for McCain , 45 percent for Obama in the latest ABC News / Washington Post poll .
Click here for a PDF with charts and full questionnaire .
Preference among likely voters overall is 50 - 46 percent , Obama - McCain , a bit closer ( albeit within sampling error ) than the 52 - 43 percent last week .
The race between them is up for grabs as long as movables -- independents and others less rooted in partisan allegiance -- remain unswayed by either candidate .
But fundamental advantages for Obama remain .
McCain 's laboring under the Bush legacy .
With the current economic situation , a record 70 percent of Americans disapprove of George W. Bush 's job performance ; a career - low 26 percent approve .
Bush 's Disapproval Rating Highest in History
Just two presidents have had lower approval ( Richard Nixon and Harry Truman ) than President Bush , and none has had higher disapproval in polls since 1938 .
McCain 's problem : Fifty - three percent of registered voters think he'd lead the country in the same direction as Bush , inching back up over a majority .
Forty - eight percent of registered voters are uncomfortable about McCain 's age , a new high .
And while Obama has advanced since mid-June in the sense that he 's a " safe " choice for president , to 55 percent , McCain has lost ground on this measure ; 51 percent now see him as safe , down 6 points .
Obama continues to trounce McCain on enthusiasm .
Sixty - one percent of Obama 's supporters are very enthusiastic about their choice , vs. 38 percent of McCain's .
For all that , Obama does not have the race in the bag .
Though more registered voters say Obama than McCain won Friday 's debate , Obama has not progressed in the sense that he'd make a good commander - in - chief of the military , and remains under 50 percent in this measure .
The number who say he's got the kind of experience it takes to serve effectively as president , while a majority for the first time , is only narrowly so , 52 percent .
Economic Crisis Creates Uncertainty in McCain , Obama Presidential Race
The financial crisis ( see separate analysis ) introduces an element of uncertainty into the 2008 presidential race .
Obama has a 50 - 40 percent advantage in trust to handle the situation , much like his lead last week , and a 50 - 43 percent edge in trust to handle the economy overall , by far the top issue in the election .
But it 's now 50 - 44 percent in McCain 's direction in trust to handle an unexpected crisis , with a potential opportunity for him to promote the stability of experience .
Fundamentally the candidates are close on the key issues ; the only double - digit leads in this poll are Obama 's 10 points on handling the financial crisis , the same on energy policy .
On several personal attributes , meantime , Obama is well in the fore -- a 19 - point lead in understanding the economic problems people are having , 55 - 36 percent ; 23 points in having the better personality and temperament for the presidency ; and a whopping 28 points , 61 - 33 percent , in trust to " bring needed change to Washington . "
The two are tied , though , on who 's the strongest leader and who'd work best with both Democrats and Republicans in Congress .
And there are the swing voters , groups that -- as noted in last week 's ABC News / Washington Post poll -- have been notably changeable as they struggle to decide between two candidates who , for many , are both fundamentally attractive , yet also imperfect .
White women are one of the changeable groups .
Among likely voters they 've gone from + 7 for Obama before the party conventions to +11 for McCain afterward , then to about an even split last week ( +2 Obama ) – but back to +11 for McCain in this poll .
( Married women , likewise , have been unsettled in their allegiance . )
White Catholics are another key swing group -- they 've gone with the winner in each of the last eight presidential elections .
Preferences in this group are steady from last week , but essentially evenly divided -- 47 - 46 percent , McCain - Obama .
They had tilted heavily to McCain after his convention .
Mainstream or non-evangelical white Protestants have moved this year as well , from sizable McCain leads to much closer divisions and back .
So , as noted , have independents .
McCain , Obama Locked in Tight Battle for White House
All these are groups that are customarily less solidly aligned with one of the main political parties -- unlike , for example , blacks , core Democrats among whom 95 percent favor Obama ; or evangelical white Protestants , core Republicans among whom seven in 10 or more have steadily preferred McCain .
( McCain has a 13 - point lead among whites overall , 55 - 42 percent -- almost exactly the average for Republican presidential candidates since 1976 . )
There 's another group in which Obama has room to improve , McCain to encroach -- Democrats and Democratic - leaning independents who'd preferred Hillary Clinton for the nomination .
Obama 's winning 72 percent of them in this poll , McCain 20 percent -- roughly where it 's been since June .
The movability of the swing groups underscores the still - unsettled nature of the race , even with Obama 's underlying advantages .
And more movement remains possible : Nineteen percent of likely voters say they have n't made up their minds for sure , plenty enough to determine the eventual outcome -- and a number that 's not gone down lately .
METHODOLOGY : This ABC News / Washington
Post poll was conducted by telephone Sept. 27 - 29 , 2008 , among a random sample of 1,271 adults , including an oversample of African Americans ( weighted to their correct share of the national population ) , for a total of 165 black respondents .
Results among the 1,070 registered voters and 916 likely voters surveyed have a 3 - point error margin .
Sampling , data collection and tabulation by TNS of Horsham , PA .
Click here for a PDF with charts and full questionnaire .
Secrecy surrounds candidates ' health Nick Juliano
Published : Monday October 20 , 2008
Print This Email This
No records from Palin , limited disclosure by McCain , Obama , Biden Charged with evaluating the health of this year 's presidential candidates , New York Times medical correspondent Lawrence K. Altman was met with evasions , diversions and a questioning of his motives .
A spokeswoman for Republican candidate John McCain , who would become the nation 's oldest president if elected , delivered a snide retort questioning his paper 's motives when Altman pressed for answers to the many unanswered questions about McCain 's various bouts with potentially fatal skin cancer .
Last week ,
The Times contacted the McCain campaign to fill in gaps in the medical records .
Ms. [ Jill ]
Hazelbaker , the McCain spokeswoman , wrote in an e-mail message :  As you know , we disclosed over 1,200 pages of Senator McCains medical history to Dr. Altmans colleagues in the press earlier this year .
We also arranged a Mayo Clinic briefing with three of Senator McCains physicians that Dr. Altman listened to by phone .
Additionally , we released a detailed document outlining his most recent physical and lab test results .
It was an unprecedented level of disclosure , and Dr. Altman can look at the public document on our Web site if he wishes to do so .
It was certainly more significant than the one - page doctors note Obama released , though I have little hope The Times will report it that way .
Altman 's article appeared in Monday 's newspaper .
He concluded that none of the candidates were particularly forthcoming about their medical histories .
Where McCain at least gave a hand - picked group of journalists a brief glimpse at his medical history , the Republican 's running mate Sarah Palin has refused to release a single page of her own medical records .
Obama gave Altman a summary of his last checkup in January 2007 , in addition to the one - page memo from his doctor released earlier this year .
But the Democratic candidate still has been less than fully forthcoming about his history with cigarettes and his progress quitting smoking .
Democratic vice presidential nominee Joe Biden has perhaps the most serious health concerns aside from McCain .
He survived a burst brain aneurysm in 1988 and had a second one removed .
Biden has fully recovered , but he has not undergone tests that could determine whether the aneurysm had returned , as can happen in about 5 percent of cases , Altman reported .
Altman , one of the few professional journalists who also is a medical doctor , has evaluated candidates ' health for the last nine election cycles , including George Bush , Dick Cheney , Al Gore and Joe Lieberman in 2000 and John Kerry and John Edwards in 2004 .
McCain 's health has been an issue in a campaign from Brave New Films arguing that there 's a reasonable chance he could die in office because his cancer could reoccur .
Doctors differ on the likelihood of that scenario , with estimates ranging between a 10 and 60 percent chance .
GOP VP nominee Palin has said nothing about her health .
Soon after her selection was announced , the Alaska governor faced a slew of Web rumors surrounding the recent birth of her son Trig .
The McCain - Palin campaign used the rumors to attack reporters for asking any questions and they 've steadfastly refused to provide any answers .
Biden faced renewed questions over the weekend about his medical history , and the Democratic campaign decided to allow reporters to examine his medical records .
Mari Kimura is a New York composer and virtuoso violinist whose music includes haunting low notes on the violin called sub-harmonics .
. .
Problem is , these sounds are n’t supposed to be possible .
The tones she plays are in the register of a cello , and usually cannot be made from a violin .
Even she is stumped about how it works .
I do n’t really know what it is I do , she said , because she learned it by trial and error .
A team of scientists in Norway , is the latest to take a crack at the puzzle .
Kimura has said that she has been making these sounds for more than ten years .
She demonstrated her ability to top scientists in the US , but they gave up trying to find out how the effect happens .
Stringed instruments work by having a string being vibrated .
The string is shortened or lengthened using the fingers .
The shorter the string , the higher the pitch and vice - versa .
Normally , you would not be able to make a pitch lower than the lowest note on an instrument because you can only shorten the string , not lengthen it .
The sounds that Mari produces are of a pitch that requires a string longer than the strings on the violin .
She says :
As an artist you are always searching for ways to expand the sound .
Oh yes , in case you were wondering , there * is* an audio example .
There are more examples of longer pieces on her site .
Mari has a really cool CD out where she combines her amazing technique with electronic elements .
Check it out here .
** UPDATE ** I ’ve been in contact with Mari and the physicists studying her technique .
I ’ll be writing a followup to this article explaining it all , how she does it and the physics behind it .
06:35 21.09.20
John Novak wrote :
So the glad the site is back !
Bandcamp is cool , but I hope it will never go away for good !
04:50 4.09.20
phylum_sinter wrote :
greets from Detroit !
welcome back < 3
17:32 29.08.20
drez wrote :
I think this is the last netlabel I still follow from the old netlabel days .
Now bandcamp has revolutionized things but this old site still here :)
20:54 22.08.20
Thynix wrote :
Welcome back Kahvi ! :)
I owe much of my music taste to this site .
20:32 25.06.20
Frame wrote :
I 'm glad to see kahvi back again
05:09 6.05.20
Bobe - On wrote :
I second the X - Mas tree concern .
It 's too cute , I love it .
Nice to see it back for May . :D
( The debugging work appreciated . )
18:00 5.05.20
Phred wrote :
Glad to see the site 's back , bandcamp and twitter had no RSS feeds so I never learnt of new releases
18:12 4.05.20
freddymilton wrote :
so do i!
X - mas tree still ok ?
not really ... :-) ) )
18:15 27.04.20
Netlabel Archive wrote :
So happy to see the site back up and running
16:54 27.04.20
Democracy Incorporated : Managed Democracy and the Specter of Inverted Totalitarianism
By Sheldon Wolin
( Princeton , NJ : Princeton University Press , 2008 )
ISBN - 10 : 0691135665
ISBN - 13 : 978-0691135663
Domesticated Democracy
It is by now commonplace to observe that democracy is in a weakened state in the United States .
But could it be that the U.S. is no longer a democracy at all , if it ever truly was ?
According to Princeton emeritus political scientist Sheldon Wolin ’s chilling new volume Democracy , Inc : Managed Democracy and the Specter of Inverted Totalitarianism ( 2008 ) , the United States is becoming a totalitarian state posing as a democracy .
Under the rules of what Wolin calls “ inverted totalitarianism , ” corporate and state power have become deeply “ co- joined ” and practically “ unbridled . ”
The popular majority of the citizenry — the People — in whose name U.S. “ democracy ” purports to function is politically uninterested , infantilized , obedient , distracted , and divided .
An increasingly spectator - ized and subordinate public is shepherded by the professional political class across a painfully narrow business - and Empire - friendly field of political , policy , and ideological “ choices . ”
Those harshly limited options are presented in periodic superficial , candidate - centered and corporate - crafted elections that function as anti-democratic exercises in capitalist marketing and managerial control .
These spectacular rolling extravaganzas privilege candidate image and other trivial matters over substantive questions of policy and ideology , with campaign consultants and advertisers selling candidates like they sell candy or cars .
They help keep the interrelated issues of the ever - growing rich - poor gap , corporate power , and imperial militarism ( the last two topics are taboo in “ mainstream ” U.S. political life ) “ off the table ” of acceptable debate and public scrutiny even though they are of primary interest to most American citizens .
By Wolin ’s account :
The citizenry , supposedly the source of governmental power and authority as well as participant , has been replaced by the ‘ electorate , ’ that is , by voters who acquire a political life at election time .
During the intervals between elections the political existence of the citizenry is relegated to a shadow - citizenship of virtual participation .
Instead of participating in power , the virtual citizen is invited to have ‘ opinions ’ : measurable responses to questions predesigned to elicit them . ( p. 59 )
… In elections parties set out to mobilize the citizen - as - voter , to define political obligation as fulfilled by the casting of a vote .
Afterwards , post- election politics of lobbying , repaying donors , and promoting corporate interests — the real players — takes over .
The effect is to demobilize the citizenry , to teach them not to be involved or to ponder matters that are either settled or beyond their efficacy .
( p. 205 )
Once votes have been counted ( or not ) in America ’s totalitarian system , the people ” fade back into the woodwork .
Politicians from both sides of the nation ’s corporate - sponsored “ one - and - a - half party system ” — the more explicitly authoritarian Republicans or the “ inauthentic opposition ” advanced by neoliberal corporate Democrats ( whose 2004 presidential candidate made a point of stating his opposition to the redistribution of wealth ) — proceed to do precisely what the American ex-citizenry wishes them not to do .
They advance empire , inequality , and repression , concentrating riches and power ever further upward in what has long been the industrialized world ’s most unequal and wealth - top - heavy society .
American “ democracy ” has been “ domesticated ” by modern managerial business technique .
Its wild democratic risk has been removed for and by the Few .
It has been quietly subsumed by corporation , whose mission is to guarantee returns on capital by minimizing chance and maintaining a “ stable ” environment ( including a safely supine domestic population ) for investors .
Democracy has been incorporated .
In this pseudo - democratic Brave New America , corporate power no longer answers to political controls .
The needs of the popular majority are relentlessly subordinated to the “ quest for ‘ economic growth ' ” and to the foreign policy elite ’s imperial perceptions of “ Superpower ’s ” needs and the so - called “ national interest . ”
“ Economic growth ” and “ national interest ” are code words for whatever capital wants and cloak the regular state - capitalist practice of funneling wealth and power from the Many to the Few .
The demoted “ people ” are kept in perpetual fear and prodded to cower under the umbrella of the National Insecurity State by an endless so - called “ War on Terror , ” heir to the imperial Cold War .
The Few steal elections , shred civil liberties , and launch illegal , immoral , and aggressive wars and occupations without serious fear of popular resistance .
Young black males — formerly a leading source of protest — are dragooned into the burgeoning mass incarceration state .
The use of state power to alleviate poverty and ameliorate inequality is shamed as dangerous public overreach but the use of that power to shamelessly advance corporate interests and pay off big money election investors is celebrated in the ironic name of the “ free market . ”
Working peoples ’ living standards are savagely rolled back and working - class sons and daughters are shipped off to kill and die in bloody campaigns of colonial conquest — wars that are waged on false pretexts and serve the interests of the Few while the costs are spread across society and fall with special force on the poor .
It ’s a “ Hood - Robin ” system .
Policy - relevant political power is “ monopolized by the Few , ” who “ possess the skills , resources , and focused time that enables them to impose their will on a society the vast majority of whose members are overburdened and distracted by the demands of day - to - day survival ” ( p. 277 ) .
Those demands grow ever more difficult as corporate and imperial masters deepen their stranglehold over American politics , policy , culture , and “ life . ”
It ’s a vicious circle that threatens to blow out democracy ’s last glowing embers in the “ land of the free . ”
This American “ totalitarianism ” promotes more than just specific policies and practices that serve the corporate and financial “ elite . ”
It also advances a “ totalizing ” and authoritarian notion of the perfect and final society .
The 2002 National Security Strategy of the United States defines America ’s grand historical mission as advancing “ freedom ” and the “ single sustainable model of for national success : freedom , democracy , and free enterprise ” along with “ development , free trade , and free markets . ”
As Wolin notes , “ the freedoms dangled before the unfree are , in reality , disguised power ” — the heavily state - protected and publicly subsidized power of multinational corporations , global high finance , and the military empire required to advance and protect capitalist profit ( “ development ” ) on a global scale .
“ When the NSS document presents the ‘ free market ’ as one of the three components of the ideal political system , ” Wolin observes , “ the market is a surrogate , a stand - in for globalization / empire . ” ( p. 85 )
And the deeply authoritarian reality of empire , Wolin notes , is an unmentionable topic under American totalitarianism ..
“ The subject of [ U.S. ] empire , ” Wolin observers , “ is taboo in [ U.S. political ] debate .
No major politician or party has so much as publicly remarked on the existence of an American empire . ” ( p. 192 )
Brave New America
Wolin calls the American pseudo - democratic political system “ inverted totalitarianism ” to differentiate it from the openly statist totalitarianism of classic European fascism ( principally German Nazism ) and Soviet Stalinism .
The earlier totalitarian systems mobilized millions to rally behind centralized state power and a single personal ruler .
They explicitly and rapidly demolished democratic and parliamentary institutions and elevated personalized state rule over markets and private profit .
The American model , by contrast , has evolved more slowly and under the guise — and in the name of — of democratic institutions and ideals , without open authoritarian intent .
It “ succeeds by encouraging political disengagement rather than mass mobilization . ”
It “ relies more on ‘ private ’ media than on public agencies to disseminate propaganda reinforcing the official version of events . ” ( p. 44 ) It makes “ capitalism ” its official “ regime ideology , ” trumpeting the virtues of “ free markets , ” “ free trade , ” and “ free enterprise ” ( code words for authoritarian state - capitalist corporate - managerial rule ) , which are falsely conflated “ democracy . ”
“ Inverted totalitarianism ” wraps itself in the language and lingering , watered - down legacy of democratic freedom and constitutionalism .
It advances “ leaders ” who are the products but not the architects of the system .
It does not crush popular government under the iron heel of dictatorship but rather renders democracy ever - more feckless and irrelevant through regular systemic corruption , popular exhaustion , cultural privatism , popular division / diversion , mass misinformation , and mass entertainment .
Unlike classic 20th century fascist and Soviet ( red fascist ) totalitarianism , it requires no great sacrifice or strength on the part of its subject populace .
It creates a “ soft , ” childish , and fearful citizenry that is asked mainly to buy things , to watch their telescreens ( which largely filter and package the world in terms fit for corporate and imperial hegemony ) , and perhaps to occasionally vote for its favorite corporate - vetted and “ misrepresentative ” political candidates every few years .
“ Inverted totalitarianism ’s ” ideal “ good Americans ” pretty much stay at work , home , the bank , and the mall .
They are happy to leave big political and policy decisions and public affairs to designated experts and protectors from the professional political class that has emerged to serve the combined and interrelated interests of the corporate and imperial Few .
In Wolin ’s view , they represent the corporate - era fulfillment of the British political philosopher Thomas Hobbes ’ arch - authoritarian notion — developed in Hobbes ’s book Leviathan ( 1651 ) — of the good society as one that combines the absolute power of the ruler with a populace that loathes and runs from political engagement :
Leviathan was the first image of superpower and the first intimation of the kind of privatized citizen congenial with its requirements , the citizen who finds politics a distraction to be avoided , who if denied ‘ a hand in public business , ’ remains convinced that taking an active part means to ‘ to hate and be hated , ’ ‘ without any benefit , ’ and ‘ to neglect the affairs of [ his ] own family . ’
Hobbes had not only foreseen the power possibilities in the oxymoron of private citizen , but exploited them to prevent sovereign power from being shared among its subjects .
Hobbes reasoned that if individuals were protected in their interests and positively encouraged by the state to pursue the wholeheartedly , subject only to laws designed to safeguard them from the unlawful acts of others , then they would soon recognize that political participation was superfluous , expendable , not a rational choice .
Civic indifference was thus elevated to a form of rational virtue , … [ justifying the emergence of ] an apolitical citizenry … [ immersed in ] private concerns . ” ( p.75 )
Classic totalitarianism assembled , rallied , and projected the “ masses . ”
It beat up , intimidated , arrested , tortured , and killed dissenters .
By contrast , the American model of totalitarianism demobilizes and inverts the populace , keeping it ( us ) focused on personal , private , and family concerns — and on its corporate telescreens .
Antiwar and social justice activists do n’t generally have to be beaten and jailed ; they are deleted and occasionally mocked and marginalized on the Ten O’ Clock News , leaving little mark on degraded public perceptions and history .
“ Inverted totalitarianism ’s ” pacified , apathetic , ignorant , and deceived public is content to leave history to be made by supposedly wise and benevolent masters like Dick Cheney , Karl Rove , James Baker , and Donald Rumsfeld , who follow in the Nazis ’ footsteps by launching criminal and supposedly “ preventive ” wars of aggression sold on brazenly false pretexts that are dutifully advanced by dominant media , including the Orwellian claim to be exporting democracy through colonial conquest .
Since the Few learned from Vietnam not to send a citizen ’s army into bloody colonial “ service , ” today ’s wars are fought by a safely segregated caste of mostly working class imperial mercenaries .
In Brave New America , the People do not need to be hardened and rallied to inflict violence on designated ideological and ethnic enemies of the state at home or abroad .
Their main jobs are to buy stuff , watch their telescreens and pursue their private interests .
The definition of meaningful popular participation in the polity is reduced largely to casting an occasional vote in carefully crafted elections where none of the candidates are foolish enough to think they could run viably funded and broadcast campaigns in the name of the social - democratic and anti-imperial beliefs that most Americans privately and passively tell pollsters they hold .
Meanwhile the ex-citizenry is encouraged to believe that it is in charge of the nation .
There is no serious push back in the corporate media , naturally enough , or even in the universities , since “ the Academy ha[s ] become self - pacifying . ” ( p. 68 ) As for the Democrats , Wolin observes that they offer no real or relevant opposition to the more explicitly plutocratic and militarist despotism of the Republicans .
If anything , Wolin argues , the Democratic Party deepens “ inverted totalitarianism ’s ” hold by capturing and co-opting reformist impulses within a broadly corporatist framework and by enhancing the illusion of meaningful popular representation within a system designed to keep the populace and democracy at bay :
“ The Democrats ’ politics might be described as inauthentic opposition in the era of Superpower .
Having fended off its reformist elements and disclaimed the label of liberal , [ the Democratic Party ] is trapped by new rules of the game which dictate that a party exists to win elections rather than to promote a vision of the good society .
Accordingly , the party competes for an apolitical segment of the electorate , ‘ the undecided , ’ and puzzles how best to woo religious zealots .
Should Democrats somehow be elected , corporate sponsors make it politically impossible for the new officeholders to alter significantly the direction of society .
At best , Democrats might repair some of the damage done to environmental safeguards or to Medicare without substantially reversing the drift rightwards .
By offering palliatives , a Democratic administration contributes to plausible denial about the true nature of the system .
By fostering an illusion among the powerless classes that the party can make their interests a priority , it pacifies and thereby defines the style of an opposition part in an inverted totalitarian system .
In the process it demonstrates the superior cost - effectiveness of inverted totalitarianism over the crude classic versions . ” ( p. 201 )
Capitalism v. Democracy : “ The Dictatorship of the Bourgeoisie ”
Wolin ’s book is not without problems .
Its annotation and detailed reference to current and recent events is painfully thin .
It spends too much time on classical antiquity and past thinkers ( the U.S. Founders , Machiavelli , Hobbes , and Tocqueville ) relative to more modern U.S. business and political history and current events .
It pays essentially no attention to the concrete empirical record of corporate evolution and rule and narrow - spectrum , business - friendly politics in U.S. history — a record that predates the Progressive Era ( 1900 - 1920 ) , when the American philosopher John Dewey rightly proclaimed that U.S. “ politics are the shadow cast on society by big business . ”
As the historian Richard Hofstader noted sixty years ago in his widely read text The American Political Tradition : “ the range of vision embraced by the primary contestants in the major [ U.S. ] parties has always been bounded by the horizons of property and enterprise …
They have accepted the economic virtues of capitalist culture as necessary qualities of man …
That culture has been intensely nationalistic . ”
Wolin seems remarkably unaware of , or unwilling to cite , Left thinkers who have written valuable works on capitalism , imperialism , and the trumping of American and Western “ democracy ” by concentrated economic and political power .
Some of the ignored names that come to mind are Charles Derber ( who writes in interesting and informative ways about successive “ corporate regimes ” that have ruled American politics since the late 19th century ) , C. Wright Mills , G. William Domhoff , Ralph Milliband , Ellen Meiksens - Wood , Alex Carey ( an expert on corporate propaganda ’s longstanding war on U.S. democracy ) , William T. Robinson , Jeff Faux , Joel Bakan , William Greider , David Montgomery , and ( last but not least ) Noam Chomsky .
Given Wolin ’s taste for historical texts and theories on politics , I was disappointed that he did not join Chomsky in citing Aristotle and Thomas Jefferson on the core contradiction between wealth inequality ( an inherent characteristic and tendency of capitalism ) and democracy .
Then there ’s the largely invisible ( in Wolin ’s book ) Karl Marx , for whom capitalist democracy , being a system of class rule , amounted to a “ dictatorship of the bourgeoisie . ”
Democracy and capitalism have never mixed and never will , as generations of progressive thinkers have long argued .
Wolin underestimates or ignores the significant extent to which German Nazism reflected and acted on the desires of the German bourgeoisie .
Wolin writes in often excessively abstract and academic language despite his book ’s popular , general - audience title .
This style cannot help but ironically limit his book ’s relevance as an antidote to elitism .
He missed , I think , a good opportunity to capture the often forgotten significance of Aldous Huxley ’s novel Brave New World , as relevant to the United States ’ particular brand of authoritarianism as George Orwell ’s more Soviet - focused Nineteen Eighty Four .
In Huxley ’s dystopia , corporate - state masters divert people away from meaningful matters of serious public concern , transporting them to politically harmless states of childish amusement , personal preoccupation , and drugged , narcissistic fascination .
Wolin shows no appreciation of left “ cultural theory ” since Antonio Gramsci and the Frankfurt School , ignoring thinkers ( themselves admittedly often hyper- abstract ) who contributed critically to the analysis of corporate totalitarianism and capitalist cultural hegemony .
Wolin ignores the large number of Americans who do seem to represent efforts towards a mobilized far - right project .
I am thinking here especially of the evangelical “ American fascists ” that Chris Hedges has warned us about across the vast swaths of so - called “ Red State America . ”
And I ca n’t escape the possibility that a harder form of more explicitly fascist - like totalitarianism ( already experienced by millions of very disproportionately black inmates and permanent felons in the United States ’ Prison Nation ) awaits Americans who have been softened up by the “ inverted ” variant Wolin describes .
The iron fist lives on beneath the silk glove of corporate neoliberal paternalism .
I wonder how many ( if any ) mass antiwar or immigrant rights or global justice demonstrations Wolin has attended in the last decades .
It is not uncommon to directly confront the reality of state repression right here in the U.S. during such events , as I would guess many Dissident Voice readers can attest .
( We shall see how many protestors get tasered , beaten , and perhaps even [ we hope not ] killed in Denver and St. Paul over the next few weeks ) .
Last but not least , Wolin ’s terminology is problematic .
Charles Derber ’s more concrete historical notion ( developed in his 2005 book Hidden Power ) of successive and inherently authoritarian corporate regimes —
Derber places us in the age of the “ third corporate regime , ” dominated by the transnational corporation , aggressive global Empire , and rampant social insecurity at home — is much better than Wolin ’s somewhat abstract and potentially bewildering concept of “ inverted totalitarianism . ”
As a Kansas - based progressive - Democratic activist ( who prefers to remain anonymous ) recently wrote to me in a thoughtful reflection on Wolin ’s book :
Wolin ’s term ‘ totalitarian ’ is a fabulous contribution , but to say it is ‘ inverted ’ is not a viable , easily grasped , understandable label .
It is too easily interpreted as ‘ opposite . ’
I think it is far better to say the corporate regime IS a form of totalitarian governance or is totalitarian via managed , intentional propaganda , apathy , ignorance , passivity , a lack of spare time , and a two - party , money - controlled , corrupt , plutocratic system .
If I had to pick one adjective to distinguish American ‘ totalitarianism ’ from the fascist , violence - based systems of Hitler and Stalin I would n’t say ‘ inverted ’ but would say ( ala Huxley ) ‘ pacified totalitarian ’ or ‘ propaganda - based totalitarian ’ or ‘ money - controlled totalitarian . ’
‘ Inverted ’ seems confusing at best .
Still , Wolin has done some very important and properly dark descriptive work on the United States ’ dangerously constricted political culture at this terrible stage in the development of Brave New America .
As the liberal political scientist Robert Dahl noted in 1959 : “ [ If ] political preferences are simply plugged into the system by leaders [ business or other ] in order to extract what they want from the system , then the model of plebiscitary democracy is substantially equivalent to the model of totalitarian rule ”
That ’s pretty much where we are half a century later in “ America , the greatest democracy that money can [ and did ] buy . ”
In its presidential as in its other elections , Laurence Shoup noted last February , U.S. “ democracy ” is “ at best ” a “ guided one ; at its worst it is a corrupt farce , amounting to manipulation , with the larger population projects of propaganda in a controlled and trivialized electoral process .
It is an illusion , ” Shoup claims — correctly in my opinion — “ that real change can ever come from electing a different ruling class - sponsored candidate ” Beneath and beyond the regular , much - ballyhooed election spectacles , wealth and power are concentrated ever - further upward over and above the sadly irrelevant U.S. public ’s secretly progressive , social - democratic and anti-imperial policy preferences .
Because of this chasm between public opinion and policy , the People find no meaningful institutional and political expression in “ Superpower ’s ” “ managed ” and “ ersatz - , ” “ pseudo ' ” and even “ anti - “ democracy ” — thus the reality of its totalitarian nature .
And it is probably useful to have the full authoritarian darkness of this harsh reality acknowledged and described by someone like Wolin , who has long operated in the belly of the beast .
He is an Ivy League academician who has long functioned within the elite mainstream of U.S. social science and not on the “ lunatic fringe ” to which serious left - progressive thinkers are sadly consigned in the American ideological system — consistent with the notion that U.S. government and political culture are totalitarian .
Brave New HOPE ?
For what it ’s worth , my new book Barack Obama and the Future of American Politics suggests that the ongoing “ Obama phenomenon ” is more than consistent with Wolin ’s bleak thesis .
It exposes Barack Obama as a conservative , corporate , militarist Democrat posing as a democratic progressive and suggests that the phenomenon is helping de-mobilize , co-opt , and contain ( incorporate ) the citizenry at the same time that it may be expanding the electorate .
In the United States ’ dangerously narrow , corporate - totalitarian political culture , many people can’t process serious and substantive criticism of the Obama phenomenon from the left as anything but an argument to elect John McCain and / or a purely personal assault on Obama .
But my dichotomy is not Obama versus McCain .
It is ( i ) corporate - “ managed democracy ” versus grassroots popular activism against Dr. Martin Luther King Jr , ’s “ triple evils that are interrelated ” ( capitalism , racism , and imperialism ) and against other and related evils ( sexism , corporate - eco- cide , state terrorism and repression ) as well .
It is also about the timeworn battle between capitalism and democracy .
Understood in terms of these deeper dichotomies and conflicts , what people do for two minutes on the holy day of the quadrennial election spectacle is a secondary matter .
My main concern is that citizens and activists find or maintain some relevant way to be and stay true to the actual historical Left ’s commitment to popular resistance and mobilization under either an a McCain or an Obama presidency .
And while a conservative corporate - neoliberal Obama victory may be preferable to an extremist and neoconservative McCain triumph in the short term , I fear that an Obama ascendancy carries serious related risks of excessive progressive self - pacification and threatens to dangerously re-legitimize the totalitarian politics of corporate rule and Empire .
As Greg Guma recently noted in a thoughtful reflection on Obama as “ The New Jimmy Carter ” : “ the truth is that , in Obama , a worried establishment has found the vessel through which they hope to restore international and domestic stability . ”
As Guma rightly observes , “ Obama , like Carter , can be useful [ to the U.S. power elite ] in calming things down and re-establishing confidence in the legitimacy of the current political order .
In short , he can reinforce the argument that ‘ the system ’ still works . ”
Our current corporate - totalitarian political order does n’t “ work ” for any but the Few .
It is a grave threat to human survival and peace , justice , and democracy at home and abroad .
The “ Armadillo Aerospace ” team was declared the winner of Level One of the 2008 Northrop Grumman Lunar Lander Challenge , which took place at Las Cruces International Airport in New Mexico last Saturday .
The winning team was led by non other than John Carmack – a programmer , best known for his work on the legendary Doom and Quake computer games .
John Carmack
( Credit : Armadillo
Aerospace )
The Lunar Lander Challenge , which is designed to accelerate commercial space technology as part of NASA ’s Centennial Challenges program , is a two - level , $ 2 million competition , which was held this year for the third time .
Out of the ten teams that initially registered to compete , only two made it to the last stage of the competition .
Armadillo engineers were awarded $ 350,000 in prize money – the remaining amount will go to the team that succeeds to complete a level two flight in future contests .
“ It ’s great that we won the Level One , ” said Carmack , “ but we ’re going to keep working towards Level Two , which we can hopefully compete for again soon .
We know exactly what we need to nail down and we expect to have it solved in the next couple of weeks . ”
Carmack , who is also the founder and lead engineer of “ Armadillo Aerospace ” , and his team have made an attempt at Level Two of the challenge , but were unsuccessful after experiencing several technical problems , which prevented them from completing the second flight .
The goal of the Lunar Challenge contenders is to develop a vehicle that would simulate a lunar lander , capable of ferrying payloads or humans back and forth between the lunar orbit and surface .
The participating teams are required to construct a rocket - powered vehicle that would perform the following sequence of maneuvers : rise to a height of 50 meters , translate to a landing pad 100 meters away , land safely after at least 90 seconds of flight time , and then repeat the flight .
The two levels differ only in the surface , on which the lander operates – level one includes smooth landing pads , while the second takes place on a replica lunar surface packed with craters and boulders , and additionally requires a 180 - second flight duration .
Armadillo ’s sole competitor at this year ’s challenge was the Chicago - based “ TrueZer0 ” team , whose vehicle did fly to a height of 50 meters , but was n’t able to complete the 100 meters translation to the second pad .
The Armadillo ship
in the air
( Credit : Armadillo
Aerospace )
This year ’s contest was n’t “ Armadillo Aerospace ’s ” first attempt at the prize – in 2006 , the company ’s “ Pixel ” craft was the only one to fly at the X PRIZE Cup , narrowly missing winning Level One due to broken landing gear .
The following year Armadillo ’s vehicle successfully completed the first flight , missing the prize by a mere seven seconds .
Dr. Peter H. Diamandis , Chairman and CEO of the X PRIZE Foundation , said , “ After three years , I ’m overjoyed to congratulate John Carmack and the entire Armadillo Aerospace team on a successful flight to capture Level One in the 2008 Northrop Grumman Lunar Lander Challenge – persistence , talent and hard work proved to be a winning combination .
Though they ’re not taking home an award , TrueZer0 put forth a gutsy effort as newcomers to the competition , and I look forward to seeing what they ’re able to accomplish next year .
We are thankful to NASA ’s Centennial Challenges program for providing the purse funding and for their support of this important challenge . ”
The Lunar Lander Challenge is managed by the X PRIZE Foundation and supported by NASA , the New Mexico Spaceport Authority and the Northrop Grumman Corporation .
The competition has sparked a great deal of interest over the years , and Armadillo ’s pioneer success is considered to be a significant milestone in the race to space , bringing the commercial space industry one step closer to becoming an everyday reality .
“ By completing multiple flights in the matter of a few hours , Armadillo Aerospace demonstrated a remarkable level of rocket engine reusability , a feature that will be essential to more efficient operations on the Moon and beyond .
The TrueZer0 team , a newcomer to rocket development , deserves a lot of credit for flying their vehicle to 50 meters on its first untethered flight .
Armadillo and TrueZer0 represent the spirit of innovation that NASA hopes to encourage with the Centennial Challenges program , ” said Andy Petro , Manager , Centennial Challenges Program , NASA .
“ No longer will space be relegated to government agencies , ” added Steve Landeene , Executive Director , New Mexico Spaceport Authority .
TFOT has covered Armadillo Aerospace lunar vehicle in late 2007 as well as a number of other unique technologies , aimed at the future of the commercial space industry .
You are welcome to read an article about “ XCOR Aerospace ” , which has recently announced the development of what could be the first “ consumer - oriented ” suborbital spaceship .
Be also sure to check out our coverage of the Aeronautics and Cosmonautics Romanian Association , whose team is the first to submit a due date for sending a robot to the moon in the Google Lunar X competition .
You can find more information on this year ’s challenge and watch videos of the competition here .
Lima , Ohio --
A woman shot and killed by a police officer during a drug raid was likely on her knees and complying with a SWAT team 's orders to get down when she was hit in the neck and chest , two experts testified Wednesday at the officer 's trial .
A forensic pathologist and firearms expert each said that bullet wounds indicate that Tarika Wilson , 26 , was n't standing .
Sgt. Joseph Chavalia has pleaded not guilty to misdemeanor counts of negligent homicide and negligent assault .
He faces up to eight months in jail if convicted of both counts .
Prosecutors rested their case Wednesday .
Defense testimony will begin today .
The shooting during a drug raid in January set off protests and debate about race relations in the city , where one in four residents is black .
Wilson , who was black , was unarmed and holding her 1 - year - old son when she was shot .
The boy also was hit and had a finger amputated .
She was partially behind a door in an upstairs bedroom with her five other children when officers downstairs began shooting at two pit bulls .
Chavalia , who is white , told another officer that he thought the shots were coming from the bedroom .
" I said , ' Joe , what happened ? ' " testified Lt. Chip Protsman , the commander of the SWAT team .
" He said , ' They were firing at me from the bedroom , and I shot back . ' "
Protsman said he found Chavalia alone in the middle of the hallway while other officers were running into the bedroom .
Chavalia was coming up a stairway when he shot Wilson .
Eleven officers raided the house on Jan. 4 looking for her boyfriend , Anthony Terry .
He was arrested and pleaded guilty in March to charges of drug trafficking .
A University of Calgary scientist confirms that it is how our immune system responds , not the rhinovirus itself , that causes cold symptoms .
Of more than 100 different viruses that can cause the common cold , human rhinoviruses are the major cause .
The research , published in the American Journal of Respiratory and Critical Care Medicine , is the first study to comprehensively review gene changes in rhinovirus .
“ The study ’s findings are a major step toward more targeted cold prevention and treatment strategies while also serving as a valuable roadmap for the broader respiratory science community , ” says David Proud , PhD , a professor in the Department of Physiology and Biophysics at the Faculty of Medicine , and lead author of the study .
Proud adds that while colds are usually considered to be minor infections of the nose and throat , they can have much more serious health repercussions .
“ Rhinovirus is the major cause of the common cold , but it is also an important pathogen in more serious conditions , such as asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( COPD ) , ” Proud says .
For example , children who get recurrent rhinovirus - induced wheezing in early life are 10 times more likely to develop asthma .
Rhinovirus infections are also a major cause of acute attacks of asthma and COPD and , therefore , exert a huge impact on health care costs .
The study was done in collaboration with scientists at the University of Virginia and the Procter & Gamble Company .
Dr. Ron Turner , of the University of Virginia , is one of the study ’s authors .
He says , “ Advances in our understanding of the biology of the common cold may eventually lead to improvements in treatment or methods for prevention of colds . ”
In the past , researchers have measured specific compounds made by the body that may protect against a cold or may be triggered by a cold virus .
This is the first time anyone has conducted a comprehensive assessment of what happens when a rhinovirus infects a person .
This is also the first time researchers have established that a recently discovered antiviral protein called viperin plays a role in our body ’s defense against rhinovirus .
That discovery will lead scientists to targeted study and treatments against the common cold .
This assessment of gene changes was conducted using gene chip technology , performed by scientists at Proctor & Gamble .
With this technology scientists can see every gene in the human genome , and see how genes respond to a stimulus , in this case a cold virus .
The results of this study will open new lines of investigation into how rhinovirus impacts asthma and COPD .
A new Experimental Lung Research Suite at the University of Calgary will be integral to developing new research strategies to aid patients with asthma and COPD .
David Proud is a member of the Calvin , Phoebe and Joan Snyder Institute of Infection , Immunity and Inflammation He is a Canada Research Chair in Inflammatory Airway Diseases .
His research is supported by the Canadian Institutes of Health Research ( CIHR ) .
I can remember one of the greatest Halloweens I ever had was at age 10 , when I dressed up as the grim reaper , employing the use of a soft and thin skull mask that glued to my face .
I recall the forehead had skeletal cracks that spelled out “ R.I.P . ” and the package touted the disguise ’s ability to be worn while eating .
Paying special attention to that claim , I made a point to eat a whole hot dog while wearing the mask , and as I was able to consume the food , I ended up with a bunch of condiments and bun crumbs trapped between the mask and my mouth area .
I spent the rest of the night inhaling a special blend of lip sweat , face glue , and hot dog detritus .
Halloween remains the coolest holiday because it does n’t make you remember stuff like colonialism , the government , the working class , dead soldiers , history , emotions , or religion .
It ’s mainly about dressing up as something kooky and screwing around for a night .
If you ’re a kid , that means collecting free candy , which is rad .
Later on you learn to combine the consumption of treats with “ tricks , ” namely vandalism , which remains a pretty good time until you find something social to attend .
Then come the decisions : will you dawn a costume that only .0001 percent of the population can recognize , and creepily consume Jell - O shots alone in the corner dressed as Rorschach ?
Contrariwise , you could use the holiday to be legally ass naked , stumble through the gay night riot that is West Hollywood , amid outfits more elaborate than most champion floats in the Rose parade , and vomit rum and burritos into a mailbox outside Studs .
For the socially anxious , it can be just as fun to stay indoors , get baked to Danzig , slice up pumpkins , and dole out candy .
A bit of advice on this matter .
Some of the worst memories I have are of the terrible treats I ’ve received on Halloween , including pennies wrapped in Saran wrap , a singular stick of gum fished out of a pocket right there on the doorstep , and a coloring book decrying the satanic origins of Halloween from the wealthier - than - thou neighborhood Christians .
These sort of stunts are liable to get your house egged , your pumpkins smashed , or your cat sacrificed , and if you ’re really lame , you could be the recipient of the illustrious “ human dump mashed through the screen door , ” a trick I warmly refer to as “ Ghost Shits . ”
Basically , if you do n’t murder virgins and scald your genitals shut in the name of Samhain , I would count your holiday a spooky success , and wish all you ghouls and goblins the happiest Halloween this side of Hades .
It seems that Barack Obama and John McCain are arguing over which war to fight .
McCain says : Keep the troops in Iraq until we “ win . ” Obama says : Withdraw some ( not all ) troops from Iraq and send them to fight and “ win ” in Afghanistan .
As someone who has fought in a war ( World War II ) and since then has protested against war , I must ask :
Have our political leaders gone mad ?
Have they learned nothing from recent history ?
Have they not learned that no one “ wins ” in a war , but that hundreds of thousands of human beings die , most of them civilians , many of them children ?
Did we “ win ” by going to war in Korea ?
The result was a stalemate , leaving things as they were before : a dictatorship in South Korea , a dictatorship in North Korea — but more than two million people , mostly civilians , were dead , and we dropped napalm on children , and 50,000 American soldiers lost their lives .
Did we “ win ” in Vietnam ?
The answer is obvious .
We were forced to withdraw , but only after two million Vietnamese died , again mostly civilians , again leaving children burned or armless or legless , and 58,000 American soldiers dead .
Did we “ win ” in the first Gulf War ?
Not really .
Yes , we pushed Saddam Hussein out of Kuwait with only a few hundred U.S. casualties , but we killed tens of thousands of Iraqis in the process .
And the consequences were deadly for us : Saddam still in power , leading us to enforce economic sanctions that led to the deaths ( according to U.N. officials ) of hundreds of thousands of Iraqis , and setting the stage for another war .
In Afghanistan , we declared “ victory ” over the Taliban but the Taliban is back , with the attacks increasing , and our casualties in Afghanistan currently exceeding those in Iraq .
What makes Obama think that sending more troops to Afghanistan will produce “ victory ” ?
And if it did , in an immediate military sense , how long would that last , and at what cost to human life on both sides ?
The resurgence of fighting in Afghanistan is a good moment to reflect on the beginning of our involvement there .
Let me offer some sobering thoughts to those who say , as many do : Attacking Iraq was wrong , but attacking Afghanistan was right .
Go back to 9/11 .
Hijackers direct jet planes into the World Trade Center and the Pentagon , killing close to 3,000 people .
A terrorist act , inexcusable by any moral code .
The nation is aroused .
President Bush orders the invasion and bombing of Afghanistan , and the American public is swept into approval by a wave of fear and anger .
Bush announces a “ war on terror . ”
We are all ( except for terrorists ) against terror .
So a war on terror sounds right .
But there was a problem , which most Americans did not consider in the heat of the moment :
We had no idea how to make war against terror ; nor did Bush , despite his bravado .
Yes , Al Qaeda — a relatively small but ruthless group of fanatics — was apparently responsible .
And there was evidence that its leaders , Osama Bin Laden and others , were based in Afghanistan .
But we did not know exactly where .
So we invaded and bombed the whole country .
That made many people feel righteous : “ We had to do something , ” you heard people say .
Yes , we had to do something .
But not thoughtlessly , not recklessly .
Would we approve a police chief , who , knowing there was a vicious criminal somewhere in a neighborhood , ordered that the neighborhood be bombed ?
There was soon a civilian death toll in Afghanistan of over 3,000 — exceeding the number of deaths on 9/11 .
Numerous Afghans were driven from their homes , turned into wandering refugees .
A Boston Globe reporter , two months after the invasion of Afghanistan , described a ten - year - old boy in a hospital bed : “ He lost his eyes and hands to the bomb that hit his house after Sunday dinner . ”
The doctor attending him said , “ The United States must be thinking he is Osama .
If he is not Osama , then why would they do this ? ”
We should be asking the Presidential candidates :
Is our war in Afghanistan , which both of them approve , ending terrorism , or provoking it ?
And is not war itself terrorism ?
One might assume from the above that I see no difference between McCain and Obama , that I see them as equivalent .
Not so .
There is a difference , not a significant enough difference for me to have confidence in Obama as President , but just enough for me to vote for Obama and to hope he defeats McCain .
Whoever is President , the crucial factor for change will be how much agitation there is in the country on behalf of change .
I am guessing that Obama may be more sensitive than McCain to such turmoil , since it will come from his supporters , from the enthusiasts who will register their disillusionment by taking to the streets .
Franklin D. Roosevelt was not a radical , but he was more sensitive to the economic crisis in the country and more susceptible to pressure from the Left than was Herbert Hoover .
Even for the “ purest ” of radicals , there must be recognition of differences that may mean life or death for thousands .
In France at the time of the Algerian War , the election of DeGaulle — hardly an anti-imperialist but more aware of the inevitable decline of empires — was significant in ending that long and brutal occupation .
I have no doubt that by far the wisest , most reliable , with the most integrity , of all recent Presidential candidates is Ralph Nader .
But I think it is a waste of his political strength , a puny act , to expend it in the electoral arena , where the result can show only weakness .
His power , his intelligence , lies in the mobilization of people outside the ballot box .
So , yes , I will vote for Obama , because the corrupt political system offers me no choice , but only for the moment I pull down the lever in the voting booth .
Before and after that moment I want to use whatever energy I have to push him toward a recognition that he must defy the traditional thinkers and corporate interests surrounding him , and pay homage to the millions of Americans who want real change .
One more clarification .
My lessons from history about the futility of “ winning ” should not be understood as meaning that what is wrong with our policy in Iraq is that we ca n’t “ win . ”
It ’s not that we ca n’t win .
It ’s that we should n’t win , because it ’s not our country .
US economy bleeding jobs , unemployment at 5 - year high Agence France - Presse
Published : Saturday October 4 , 2008
Print This Email This WASHINGTON ( AFP ) 
The struggling US economy lost 159,000 jobs in September as the weight of the housing collapse and credit crunch hit a broad swath of industries , government data showed Friday .
The report , seen as one of the best indicators of economic momentum , showed a sharp rise in the number of cuts after 73,000 job losses in August .
" There is little doubt that the nation is in a recession , which will only deepen in coming months , as the financial crisis casts a pall on economic activity , " said Sophia Koropeckyj at Economy.com .
" Moreover , it is highly likely that conditions will deteriorate further in coming months as the various financial service restructurings result in tens of thousands of job losses , the credit crunch freezes business expansions and construction , retail bankruptcies mean more layoffs . "
The unemployment rate calculated by a separate survey of households held at 6.1 percent , a five - year high , the Labor Department said .
Payrolls have fallen by 760,000 so far this year as the world 's biggest economy has been roiled by a massive collapse in housing that spread to the financial sector and led to global credit crunch .
" The credit crisis has moved into the mainstream economy , " said Joel Naroff at Naroff Economic Advisors .
" Firms are hunkering down and running as lean as possible .
With all the uncertainty over the potential for a steep recession and the inability to get credit , it is hardly surprising that businesses have decided to wait and see .
We are likely to see more months of job losses before conditions turn around . "
September was the ninth consecutive month of declining payrolls , according to the report .
The average analyst forecast of loss was 105,000 jobs .
The report " is just the latest in a series of indicators showing that the economy was deteriorating rapidly as the third quarter progressed , " said Nigel Gault , economist at Global Insight .
" A very weak employment report that further confirms our view that the economy is in recession and that the recession deepened in September , " said John Ryding at RDQ Economics .
" The increase in unemployment would have been larger but for a 121,000 drop in the labor force . "
The report came hours before US lawmakers gave final approval to 700 - billion - dollar rescue plan for the financial system , which has been drowning in losses from the housing meltdown and hurt by a credit crunch .
The latest official data showed the economy expanded at a healthy 2.8 percent pace in the second quarter , but most analysts say the figure was misleading because of a surge in exports and the impact of a one - time government stimulus .
Over the month of September , employment continued to decline in manufacturing , construction , and retail trade , while some gains were seen in health care and mining .
The manufacturing sector lost 51,000 jobs over the month , bringing the decline in factory jobs to 442,000 over the past 12 months , the report said .
About 18,000 jobs were lost last month in the auto sector , which has been reeling from weak consumer spending and confidence .
Some 35,000 jobs were lost in construction along with 40,000 in retail trade .
The troubled financial sector shed 17,000 jobs in September , with nearly half of the decline occurring in securities and investment firms .
Overall , the report showed the financial sector has lost 172,000 jobs since December 2006 .
The report showed average hourly earnings rose 0.2 percent to 18.17 dollars , slightly below the consensus estimate of a 0.3 percent rise .
The average workweek for fell by 0.1 hour to 33.6 hours , seasonally adjusted .
" Together this means incomes are going to be crimped that will feed back to weaken spending , " said Robert Brusca at FAO Economics .
" And the will fed back into jobs .
It is vicious circle time . "
White House hopefuls Barack Obama and John McCain voiced concern at the latest US employment data , and clashed again over the best way to stop the rot .
Obama said the US " ca n't afford Senator McCain 's plan to give America four more years of the same policies that have devastated our middle - class and our economy for the last eight . "
McCain argued that " unlike Senator Obama , I do not believe we will create one single American job by increasing taxes , going on a massive spending binge , and closing off markets . "
Lisp Plus Plus
Download Lpp
Lpp 1.21.2 is now available for download .
Lpp 1.21 is now available for download .
Lpp 1.19 is now available for download .
Please see the copyright under which this software is covered .
Lpp Documentation
Lpp documentation is available in HTML and PDF .
About Lpp
Lpp ( Lisp Plus Plus ) , is a library of Lisp like functions and macros usable in C++ programs .
The philosophy behind Lpp is to provide as close as possible the semantics and style of Lisp rather than try to force it to fit a static style of programming .
Lpp tries to emulate Common Lisp as much as possible in this regard .
By doing things this way part of the true power and flexibility of Lisp can coexist and mix with the static typing features of C++ even within functions and objects .
The hope is that Lpp will be useful for the following
Porting Lisp programs to and from C ++.
Implementation of embedded AI sub-systems in C++ environments .
An alternative for Lisp programmers who need to program in C ++.
When a C++ program needs dynamically typed objects .
When a C++ program needs an efficient unified list implementation .
When a C++ program needs rational numbers in the range of minus to plus infinity .
When a C++ program needs to do symbolic processing such as manipulating s-expressions , symbolic math , etc ...
One of Lisp 's advertised benefits is that of dynamically typed objects .
Standard C++ does not offer this capability .
Instead , the programmer is expected to created virtual functions whose objects dynamically dispatch through the use of indirect pointers to v-tables and then a v-table has a pointer to the virtual function for that object .
While the basic idea of virtual functions is good , relying only on it for real world complex problems presents difficulties .
One such problem is that it is impossible to write true generic code using virtual functions since all possible types must be accounted for .
The default virtual function of a base class can only serve the declared sub -classes that do not define their own virtual functions .
Contrast this with Lisp functions that usually do not have to account for the types of the objects that it operates on .
As a very simple example , Lisp can compute the length of a list irrespective of the types of the objects in the list .
Furthermore a provider could supply an object dynamically to a consumer of such a list that is not required to be seen by the compiler of the program operating on the list .
Lpp strives to provide the full power of Lisp in terms of dynamic typing .
The way that Lpp achieves this is that all Lpp objects contain a type header that is a pointer to a type meta - object .
In some sense this is similar to the v-table concept mentioned above for virtual function tables in that type meta - objects can and do contain type dispatcher functions that are similar to virtual functions .
But the type meta - objects are automatic in Lpp as well as much of their standard behavior .
And type meta - objects are first class Lpp objects so that they can be manipulated dynamically as ordinary objects can .
For example a dispatcher function can be dynamically added to a type meta - object and then operate on subsequent ordinary objects of that type .
Furthermore the type meta - objects maintain a run time type lattice .
For example at run time a program can query whether an object is a number or an integer ( integers being a subset of all numbers ) .
All Lpp objects as in Lisp have the same base type .
In Lisp the base type is type t .
In Lpp the base type is intentionally left unknown and abstracted with a type definition called let .
This was done so that the base type can be experimented with while preserving Lpp syntax .
Type let serves as the declaration type for all such Lpp objects when referring to the Lpp object as a generic object .
As in Lisp Lpp objects are passed around as pointers with pointer abstraction in Lpp function arguments and Lpp slots .
These objects can be mixed freely with other C++ classes and class members and can be used with other C++ libraries that do not use the same class names that Lpp uses .
Lpp provides a the macro for descending into specific Lpp objects .
This is similar to the the special form in Common Lisp .
Lpp automatically does a dynamic type check on the object wrapped in a the macro which assures that specific object member references will always be correct .
In a debugged program compilation unit this type checking can be turned off for maximum compilation efficiency .
Lpp also provides other useful Lisp objects such as Cons cells , lists , symbols , strings , characters and numbers .
As much as possible Lpp tries to use the Common Lisp function names and semantics for the operations on Lisp like objects .
Lpp chose address 0 as nil .
This is so that it is easy to check for the end of lists or nil returned in predicate arguments in C++ functions , operators and statements like if , while , for .
So nil and non- nil is consistent with C++ predicate semantics on 0 and non -0 .
But even though nil is 0 , it is exactly equivalent to the symbol nil .
It is as if the symbol object nil was an object at address 0 .
Symbols are introduced into C++ programs easily with the S( ) macro .
For example , S ( foo ) , S ( Foo ) , S( my : foo ) , S ( foo - bar ) , S(+ ) , S( !\@ #$ %^&* ) are all legitimate symbols in Lpp.
Symbols after being interned are just as efficient but far more powerful than enums .
The default for symbols in Lpp is case sensitive , so that foo and Foo are two distinct symbols .
Primitive C objects can easily be converted to their analog Lpp objects using the L constructor .
For example L ( " abc " ) will produce an Lpp String object and L ( cdr ) will produce an Lpp first class function object .
Conversions back are also easy for example 22 == iL ( L ( 22 ) ) where iL conversion is back to C++ integers .
The programmer can use dynamic Lpp objects when needed and use simple C++ objects when absolute efficiency is needed .
Efficiency is an elusive property though .
For example Lpp strings seem less efficient on the surface , but since they have a length they provide for faster string comparisons than ordinary 0 terminated C++ strings .
The names of such things as L ( the conversion macro ) , True and S ( the symbol macro ) can be redefined per compilation unit by the programmer without affecting the operation of Lpp .
Lpp provides the basic Common Lisp I/ O functions like read , print , prin1 , princ , pprint ... etc , but also provides that any Lpp object can appear in stream operators .
So if obj is the Lpp symbol object car then cout << " obj = " << obj would print as obj = car .
All Lpp objects have C++ stream print methods that inherit from the basic princ method of an object .
All new Lpp objects defined automatically get default dispatcher functions defined for princ and prin1 .
New princ or prin1 methods can be set dynamically by the programmer for Lpp type meta - objects .
Lpp provides mathematically correct rational numbers , ie .
ratios whose numerator and denominator and integers are in the range minus to plus infinity .
Lpp numbers automatically expand or shrink to any size when operated on by Lpp math functions .
Overflow or underflow are impossible .
Lpp provides two debugger functions pdb and pdc for examining Lpp objects in a debugger .
pdb uses prin1 and pdc uses princ .
So while in a debugger the user can type , for example , p pdc( list1 ) where list1 is some variable in a program that contains an Lpp list , the list and all of it 's subcomponents will be printed exactly as you would expect in a lisp interpreter .
In addition the function ppdb is provided for pretty printing such objects in a debugger .
Feedback
Please direct comments on the Lpp software to William Paul Vrotney .
For feedback on these web pages , please use the address in the footer below .
Profile : Senator Ted Stevens Democrats set for Senate gains
The longest - serving Republican in the US Senate has been found guilty of lying about gifts worth $ 250,000 he received from an oil company .
Ted Stevens , 84 , was charged with seven counts in connection with the gifts .
Mr Stevens faces up to five years in prison on each count but , under federal guidelines , is unlikely to spend much time in prison .
He is fighting a tough re-election battle against Democrat Mark Begich for his Alaskan Senate seat .
A victory for the Democrats in that race could help them towards winning 60 Senate seats , enough to hold a filibuster - proof majority in the upper chamber .
" I will fight this unjust verdict with every ounce of energy I have , " Mr Stevens said .
He has been one of the most influential senators in Washington .
Until the Democrats took control of the Senate in 2006 , he was chair of the Appropriations Committee , in charge of billions of dollars in the federal budget .
Bribery charges
During the trial , prosecutors gave details of the items given to Mr Stevens by the oil firm , Veco , including a massage chair , rope lighting , furniture , a gas grill and a fully stocked tool chest .
Veco also provided contractors to carry out home renovations at Mr Stevens 's cabin in Girdwood , Alaska .
Bill Allen , Veco 's founder , pleaded guilty to bribery charges in May 2007 .
Testifying to the court , Mr Stevens claimed that he had paid Mr Allen $ 160,000 for the work done , and had been under the impression that no more money was required .
And he had considered many of the gifts as loans - including the massage chair .
Prosecutor Joseph Bottini , in his closing argument , poured scorn on Mr Stevens 's testimony .
" Does anybody really believe that the defendant really can't get Bill Allen to stop giving him all this free stuff ? " he asked .
" Does anyone really believe he thought that [ massage ] chair was a loan ?
It 's been in his house for seven years . "
Polls suggest Mr Stevens is currently neck and neck with his Democratic rival in his bid for re-election , but correspondents say a guilty verdict in the trial will certainly damage his chances of victory .
Despite the guilty verdict , he is not required by law to drop out of the election or give up his seat .
There is no formal rule barring felons from serving in Congress , so if he wins he could stay in the Senate , unless his fellow senators vote to expel him by a two - thirds vote .
In recent years , Senators convicted of bribery and corruption have resigned rather than face an expulsion hearing .
Mr Stevens famously allocated $ 200 m to build to " bridge to nowhere " connecting two islands in his home state of Alaska , a project that was ultimately dropped .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Scientists say they have developed a safer blood test that can tell a women if her unborn baby has Down 's syndrome .
Invasive procedures currently used risk miscarriage and damage to the foetus .
A Stanford University test of DNA evidence in 18 pregnant women 's blood correctly identified nine cases of Down 's syndrome , reports PNAS journal .
The university now wants a larger - scale test .
Babies with Down 's syndrome have an extra copy of chromosome 21 , causing physical and intellectual impairments .
Non-invasive testing will be much safer than current approaches
Researcher Dr Stephen Quake
If a foetus has three copies of chromosome 21 rather than the normal two , there will also be a relative increase in the quantity of chromosome 21 in the mother 's blood because DNA can cross the placenta from the baby to the mother .
The " shotgun sequencing test " identifies and counts these fragments of DNA and is sensitive enough to detect the very small increase in amount of chromosome 21 .
The new test correctly identified all the chromosomal abnormalities in a specially selected sample of 18 pregnant women - nine cases of Down 's syndrome and two other inherited disorders or aneuploides caused by an abnormal number of chromosomes .
Dr Stephen Quake and his Stanford team say they need to repeat their study in a larger number of women , but they are confident that it could be used routinely in hospitals a few years from now .
Down 's syndrome is caused by an extra chromosome Dr Quake said : " Non-invasive testing will be much safer than current approaches . "
One of the current ways of confirming the syndrome is amniocentesis , in which a needle is used to take a sample of the fluid within the womb .
Approximately one in 100 women who have the test will miscarry as a result , according to the Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists .
A similar invasive procedure that takes a tissue sample from inside the womb , called chorionic villus sampling , carries a miscarriage risk of two in 100 .
It can be carried out at an early stage of pregnancy than amniocentesis - after 10 weeks gestation compared with after 15 weeks for amniocentesis .
Dr Quake said the new DNA test could be carried out at an even earlier stage of pregnancy than the current tests , giving women more time to make choices about their pregnancy .
Dr Lyn Chitty , an expert in genetics and foetal medicine at University College London Hospital , said : " This is a potentially exciting development which may take us closer to a safer , non-invasive test for Down 's syndrome and the other major aneuploidies , trisomies 13 and 18 . "
DOWN'S SYNDROME TESTS
Screening only identifies women at increased risk of having a baby with Down 's based on the woman's age , proteins in her blood and a scan of the baby Existing diagnostic tests - chorionic villus sampling and amniocentesis , which sample tissue or the fluid around the baby , respectively - are invasive , requiring a needle to be inserted into the womb
The new DNA blood test is diagnostic and non-invasive
She said other scientists were looking at different genetic markers in maternal blood for Down's .
However , these tests would not work in all women , unlike the DNA test .
Carol Boys , chief executive of the Down 's Syndrome Association , said : " There is no question that these non-invasive tests will be introduced in the next few years .
" It 's therefore incredibly important that potential parents are given accurate information on Down 's syndrome before they make a choice about whether to terminate or not .
" We do n't consider Down 's syndrome a reason for termination , but we recognise that bringing up a child with Down 's syndrome is n't right for everyone .
" The more informed parents are , the better the position they are in to make the choice that is right for them . "
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
September 24 , 2008
ANALYSIS : The US military sees the next 30 to 40 years as involving a state of continuous war against ideologically - motivated terrorists and competing with Russia and China for natural resources and markets , writes Tom Clonan
AS GENERAL Ray Odierno takes command of US forces in Baghdad from troop surge architect Gen David Petraeus , America has begun planning in earnest for its phased withdrawal .
The extra brigade combat teams - or battlegroups - deployed to Iraq by Petraeus have already withdrawn and a further 8,000 troops have been diverted to Afghanistan .
In January , the next president of the United States will conclude America 's timetable for withdrawal in final negotiations with the Iraqi government .
Further evidence of America 's future military intentions is contained in recently published strategy documents issued by the US military .
Under the auspices of the US department of defence and department of the army , the US military have just published a document entitled 2008 Army Modernization Strategy which makes for interesting reading against the current backdrop of deteriorating international fiscal , environmental , energy resource and security crises .
The 2008 modernisation strategy , written by Lieut Gen Stephen Speakes , deputy chief of staff of the US army , contains the first explicit and official acknowledgement that the US military is dangerously overstretched internationally .
It states simply : " The army is engaged in the third - longest war in our nation 's history and . . . the Global War on Terrorism ( GWOT ) has caused the army to become out of balance with the demand for forces exceeding the sustainable supply . "
Against this backdrop , the 90 page document sets out the future of international conflict for the next 30 to 40 years - as the US military sees it - and outlines the manner in which the military will sustain its current operations and prepare and " transform " itself for future " persistent " warfare .
The document reveals a number of profoundly significant - and worrying - strategic positions that have been adopted as official doctrine by the US military .
In its preamble , it predicts a post cold war future of " perpetual warfare " .
According to its authors : " We have entered an era of persistent conflict . . . a security environment much more ambiguous and unpredictable than that faced during the cold war . "
It then goes on to describe the key features of this dawning era of continuous warfare .
Some of the characteristics are familiar enough to a world audience accustomed to the rhetoric of the global war on terror .
" A key current threat is a radical , ideology - based , long - term terrorist threat bent on using any means available - to include weapons of mass destruction - to achieve its political and ideological ends . "
Relatively new , " emerging " features are also included in the document 's rationale for future threats .
" We face a potential return to traditional security threats posed by emerging near - peers as we compete globally for depleting natural resources and overseas markets . "
This thinly - veiled reference to Russia and China will , perhaps , come as little surprise given recent events in Ossetia and Abkhazia .
The explicit reference in this context to future resource wars , however , will probably raise eyebrows among the international diplomatic community , who prefer to couch such conflicts as human rights - based or rooted in notions around freedom and democracy .
The document , however , contains no such lofty pretences .
It goes on to list as a pre-eminent threat to the security of the US and its allies " population growth - especially in less - developed countries - [ which ] will expose a resulting ' youth bulge ' . "
This youth bulge , the document goes on to state , will present the US with further " resource competition " in that these expanding populations in the developing world " will consume ever increasing amounts of food , water and energy " .
The document goes on to describe in broad - strokes the manner in which its downsized military might ensure survival of the fittest for the US and its allies in future resource wars for water , food and energy .
As a consequence of identifying growing populations in the developed world as a threat in itself , the strategy document highlights a number of paradigm shifts in the way future wars are to be conducted .
It predicts that " 21st Century operations will require soldiers to engage among populations and diverse cultures instead of avoiding them " .
The document reveals that new US tactical doctrine provides a template by which air , naval and field commanders will no longer just secure traditional strategic targets such as airspace , seaports and bridgeheads , but will , of necessity , also deploy and fight amongst and against the target population itself to win wars .
The document refers to this euphemistically as " commanders employing offensive , defensive and stability or civil support operations simultaneously " .
The remainder of the document is devoted to describing in detail how a downsized all volunteer US military - numbering approximately one million soldiers , aircrew and sailors - could maintain an ever - present , international , offensive posture in many countries across many time - zones .
It describes how information communication technologies and digital technologies will create a new " networked " human soldier - the ' Future Force Warrior ' - who will deploy among the target population and will operate simultaneously several remote , unmanned ground and air weapons systems .
To this end , the US military is rapidly expanding its inventory of computerised , robotic ground weapons and unmanned aerial vehicles .
According to the strategy document , by supplementing relatively small forces of US troops - brigade combat teams - with ever - larger fleets of remotely controlled , unmanned weapons systems , America will be able to successfully deploy its downsized military to maximum effect among the emerging international youth bulge .
Supplementing these future global offensive operations , according to the strategy document , is the US military 's planned domination of inner space or the earth 's exo-atmospheric zone .
The document states : " Space is a significant area of joint development that supports battle space awareness and is the backbone for the national and military intelligence , surveillance and reconnaissance architecture , as well as being the domain of choice for commercial broad - area sensing enterprises with military utility . "
Together with the US Missile Defence Agency , the US military is currently developing " space - based assets continuously monitoring the globe " .
The report elaborates on this by stating that " army space forces are deployed worldwide supporting US efforts to fight and win [ the global war on terror ] . "
The report adds that US military " space control operations ensure freedom of action in space for the United States and its allies and when necessary , deny an adversary freedom of action in space " .
The document refers to operations in Iraq in the past tense .
It implies that operations in Afghanistan may be expanded .
It states explicitly that the US military is preparing to fight continuous resource wars " for the long haul " .
The document also describes explicitly the manner in which the earth 's orbit is now deemed a legitimate zone for offensive military activity .
This extraordinary document describes US strategic doctrine in terms worthy of 20th century science fiction .
The mix of 20th century science fiction and Orwellian perspectives unwittingly contained in the document appear rapidly to be materialising as fact .
Dr Tom Clonan is the Irish Times Security Analyst .
He lectures in the School of Media , DIT .
tclonan@irish-times.ie
� 2008 The Irish Times
This is a page of siege engines and sieges that never existed ...
It 's what you get when a trebuchet enthusiast / builder draws cartoons .
Gordon Brown has convened an economic war cabinet to bolster Britain against the increasingly turbulent conditions in world markets and appointed Paul Myners , chairman of Land Securities and Guardian Media Group , as City minister .
" Quite simply , the new era that we have entered requires new ways of governing , " Brown explained of the creation of the National Economic Council ( NEC ) .
" We do n't just need to change policies to deal with the new financial difficulties but the way we take decisions , the way we govern , has got to change as well . "
The creation of the council is one of several changes wrought by Brown in order to deal with the fall - out from the past three weeks which have seen the world 's credit markets seize up , investment banks collapse , the effective nationalisation of Bradford & Bingley and the government forced to guarantee personal savings deposits of up to £ 50,000 amid fears that even more high street banks could fail .
The NEC was immediately branded by the City as an economic war cabinet .
" Call it what you will , " Brown responded .
" The important thing to say is that we are taking all the action that is necessary and we will do whatever it takes to ensure not just the stability of the economy … but also that we get the economy onto a path of growth , where people can see we are being fair in the way we deliver prosperity for the future . "
" These are new times .
The global economy will never be the same again .
Huge changes are taking place .
We have to deal with it in a new way . "
Myners , who will be given a peerage in order to take up his post , will resign from his commercial posts - and even his post as chair of the trustees of the Tate gallery - and sell any shares he owns .
He is not taking a salary from his new ministerial post and City sources estimate that he is giving up at least £ 1 m a year by resigning from his various corporate jobs .
He is also losing more than £ 3 m worth of shares in hedge fund GLG , where he is currently a director , a post he will also quit .
" There is a serious job to be done , " Myners said .
" And I look forward to working with the Chancellor but I have nothing else to say at this stage as my focus is getting to grips with my new job . "
He is allowed to retain his charity positions so he will remain a trustee of Glyndebourne and the Smith Institute , an independent think tank which looks at equality and enterprise .
He will , however , hve to resign his chairmanship of the Low Pay Commission .
The former Marks & Spencer chairman will join the rest of the NEC at its first meeting on Monday morning after which Alistair Darling will make a statement to the House of Commons about the economic crisis .
Also round the table will be the chancellor , the foreign secretary , David Miliband , new business secretary , Peter Mandelson and eight other Cabinet ministers , as well as new science minister Lord Drayson , and another new face , Stephen Carter .
The former chief executive of Ofcom , who left the regulator to work at City PR firm Brunswick before joining Brown as his strategy chief , has been made junior minister for communications , technology and broadcasting .
He will also receive a peerage .
The NEC will coordinate " efforts to help families deal with higher food and energy prices " , according to a statement , and " provide the forum on how to equip the country for the future by making the right investments in education , skills , science and infrastructure " .
The Council will also have responsibilities to promote the development of sustainable and secure energy supplies ; to tackle barriers to entrepreneurship and small business growth ; and to address the UK 's housing and planning needs .
Brown has also drafted in a legion of City grandees to act as business ambassadors who will promote UK trade overseas .
The ambassadors are Barclays chairman Marcus Agius , Lloyds TSB chairman Sir Victor Blank , Vodafone 's chairman and former HSBC boss Sir John Bond , former BP boss Lord John Browne , Sir Terence Conran , chairman of Standard Chartered bank Mervyn Davies , chairman of the London Stock Exchange Chris Gibson - Smith , UCL provost Malcolm Grant , Sainsbury 's chairman Sir Philip Hampton , Oxford University vice - chancellor Dr John Hood , Lord Digby Jones , Anna Mann from MWM Consulting , BAE Systems chairman Dick Olver , Cambridge University vice - chancellor Professor Alison Richard , architect Lord Richard Rogers , chairman of Rio Tinto Paul Skinner and chief executive of GKN Sir Kevin Smith .
Apple admit Briton DID invent iPod , but he 's still not getting any money
Apple has finally admitted that a British man who left school at 15 is the inventor behind the iPod .
Kane Kramer , 52 , came up with the technology that drives the digital music player nearly 30 years ago but has still not seen a penny from his invention .
And the father of three had to sell his home last year and move his family to rented accommodation after closing his struggling furniture business .
Good idea : Apple admitted Kane Kramer invented the technology behind the iPod
Now documents filed by Apple in a court case show the US firm acknowledges him as the father of the iPod .
The computer giant even flew Mr Kramer to its Californian headquarters to give evidence in its defence during a legal wrangle with another firm , Burst.com , which claimed it held patents to technology in the iPod and deserved a cut of Apple ’s £ 89 billion profits .
Two years ago , Mr Kramer told this newspaper how he had invented and built the device in 1979 – when he was just 23 .
His invention , called the IXI , stored only 3.5 minutes of music on to a chip – but Mr Kramer rightly believed its capacity would improve .
His sketches at the time showed a credit - card - sized player with a rectangular screen and a central menu button to scroll through a selection of music tracks – very similar to the iPod .
He took out a worldwide patent and set up a company to develop the idea .
But in 1988 , after a boardroom split , he was unable to raise the £ 60,000 needed to renew patents across 120 countries and the technology became public property .
Look iLike : Kramer 's prototype digital music player he invented back in 1979
Real deal : Apple sells 100 iPods a minute
Apple used Mr Kramer ’s patents and drawings to defend itself in the legal wrangle with Burst last September and he gave evidence under fire from Burst ’s lawyers .
Mr Kramer , of Hitchin , Hertfordshire , said : ‘ I was up a ladder painting when I got the call from a lady with an American accent from Apple saying she was the head of legal affairs and that they wanted to acknowledge the work that I had done .
‘ I must admit that at first I thought it was a wind - up by friends .
But we spoke for some time , with me still up this ladder slightly bewildered by it all , and she said Apple would like me to come to California to talk to them .
' Then I had to make a deposition in front of a court stenographer and videographer at a lawyers ’ office .
The questioning by the Burst legal counsel there was tough , ten hours of it .
But I was happy to do it . ’
The dispute between Apple and Burst.com has since been settled confidentially out of court .
Mr Kramer said : ‘ To be honest , I was just so pleased that finally something that I had done which has been a huge success and changed the music industry was being acknowledged .
I was really quite emotional about it all . ’
He is now negotiating with Apple to gain some compensation from the copyright that he owns on the drawings .
But so far he has received only a consultancy fee for providing his expertise in the legal case .
A staggering 163 million iPods have been sold since the device was launched by Apple in 2001 .
Every minute , another 100 are snapped up worldwide , earning Apple an estimated £ 5.5 billion last Christmas alone .
But Mr Kramer , in contrast , last year had to close his struggling furniture design business and move with his wife Lorraine and children , Jodi , nine , Luis , 14 , and Lauren , 16 , into rented accommodation .
‘ I ca n’t even bring myself to buy an iPod for myself , ’ he said .
‘ Apple did give me one but it broke down after eight months . ’
Mr Kramer , who organises the annual British Invention Show , is now working on a patented invention he claims will be bigger than the iPod .
Called Monicall , it will allow people to have phone calls recorded and emailed to the various parties as an audio file .
He said : ‘ It will speed up business deals and provide a low - cost third - party witness to conversations and agreements .
‘ A deal will be done on the phone and that is it – an audio file gets emailed over within 30 seconds . ’
Who knew sugar wafers and Rolos could so accurately recreate the situational Pavlovian response we get from looking at the latest silicon wonders from Intel , AMD , ATi and NVIDIA ?
While we 've never before craved some motherboard and milk or hot motherboard à la mode , we must admit , we 're coming around to what could be the hottest dessert trend of Q4 2008 .
And that old Dell gathering dust in the corner is looking mighty scrumptious .
[ Craftster via Technabob and Geekcake ]
Advertisement
From Handbook of Collective Intelligence
Handbook of Collective Intelligence
Welcome !
Terms and conditions .
Please see following section on using and contributing to this handbook .
If you wish to contribute , please create an account by clicking here Thank you .
This Handbook provides a survey of the field of collective intelligence , summarizing what is known , providing references to sources for further information , and suggesting possibilities for future research .
The handbook is structured as a wiki , a collection of on - line pages , editable by their readers .
The handbook is hosted by the MIT Center for Collective Intelligence , but we hope that researchers and others from around the world will contribute to it .
The process of creating this handbook could itself be an example of collective intelligence .
In parallel with this Wiki , we are developing a database of bibliographic references at citeUlike .
The wikis here link to these references at citeUlike .
Goals
This Handbook provides a survey of the field of collective intelligence , summarizing what is known , providing references to sources for further information , and suggesting possibilities for future research .
Unlike Wikipedia ( an encyclopedia created by many people editing a wiki ) , this handbook is not structured as a “ flat ” collection of interlinked , but conceptually independent , short articles .
Instead , this handbook is intended to provide a conceptual framework for the whole field of collective intelligence .
We hope that the top level of this framework will be written in a way that is understandable to a very broad general audience .
At many points in this framework , however , we expect to have links to separate pages that elaborate on specific points or issues .
Often , these separate pages will include specialized material and references for one or more of the many different fields related to collective intelligence .
Even though some of this specialized material may be understandable only by specialists , it should be introduced so that other readers will at least be able to understand the basic issues involved .
Using and contributing to this handbook
Participation in the Handbook of Collective Intelligence is completely voluntary and participation will be subject to terms and conditions that will be added at a later date .
Thank you for your participation in this very exciting and groundbreaking project
Please bear in mind we expect to experiment with several different approaches to creating this Handbook .
File:Somerights20.png
This work is licensed under a Creative Commons License .
Table of contents
Why study collective intelligence now ?
Collective intelligence has existed for at least as long as humans have .
Tribes of hunter - gatherers , nations , and modern corporations all act collectively with varying degrees of intelligence .
And , from some perspectives , even collections of bacteria , bees , or baboons can also be viewed as collectively intelligent ( e.g. , Bloom 1995 ) .
But this ancient phenomenon is now occurring in dramatically new forms .
With new communication technologies — especially the Internet — huge numbers of people all over the planet can now work together in ways that were never before possible in the history of humanity ( e.g. , Malone 2004 ) .
It is thus more important than ever for us to understand collective intelligence at a deep level so we can create and take advantage of these new possibilities .
This document tries to help in that process by organizing what we already know and identifying what we do n’t .
What is collective intelligence ?
Our current working definition of collective intelligence is : Groups of individuals doing things collectively that seem intelligent .
Details here .
Collective Intelligence :
Old concept , been around since hunter - gather societies
What ’s different now are web technologies
How can people and computers be connected so that collectively they act more intelligently than any individual , group , or computer has ever done before ?
We could classify the examples collected under different perspectives ( see below ) .
Business organizations
See here for many more examples .
InnoCentive [ 1 ] , NineSigma [ 2 ] , YourEncore [ 3 ] .
NineSigma and InnoCentive are similar .
The latter is started by Eli Lilly in 2001 and posts engineering and science problems by subscribing corporations such as Boeing , DuPont , and Procter & Gamble .
The cash rewards for solutions range from thousands to hundreds of thousand dollars .
It claims that as of 2006 , 30 % of the problems posted have been solved .
YourEncore works with retired scientists and engineers .
An important difference between set ups like these and our idea of collective intelligence is that these have individual problem solvers .
However , it might be interesting to see what ideas about these settings might also apply when there are multiple solvers .
Some of the lessons from these settings are in Lakhani et al. ( 2007 ) [ 4 ] who , in examining participants in Innocentive , observe that participants are more likely to actually solve the required problems when : the prize is bigger participants are more intrinsically motivated participants have more free time participants are non-experts in the field participants are not participating due to career concerns , social motivations , or to beat others .
[ 1 ] , [ 2 ] , [ 3 ] .
NineSigma and InnoCentive are similar .
The latter is started by Eli Lilly in 2001 and posts engineering and science problems by subscribing corporations such as Boeing , DuPont , and Procter & Gamble .
The cash rewards for solutions range from thousands to hundreds of thousand dollars .
It claims that as of 2006 , 30 % of the problems posted have been solved .
YourEncore works with retired scientists and engineers .
An important difference between set ups like these and our idea of collective intelligence is that these have individual problem solvers .
However , it might be interesting to see what ideas about these settings might also apply when there are multiple solvers .
Some of the lessons from these settings are in Lakhani et al. ( 2007 ) [ 4 ] who , in examining participants in Innocentive , observe that participants are more likely to actually solve the required problems when :
Sermo [ 5 ] ] closed community of health professionals ( 71,000 + U.S. physicians )
Individuals vetted as real physicians before gaining access ; once online , operate via a pseudonym
Can ask any question to the community and answer any question ; community of peers rank value of questions and answers Sermo also provides incentives to post ; several say they participate for fun or to learn
[ 5 ] ] closed community of health professionals ( 71,000 + U.S. physicians )
Collective Intellect [ 6 ] aspires to summarize viewpoints in blogs and other web pages for applications in finance and marketing .
Current TV [ 7 ] , VH1's Web Junk 20 [ 8 ] and its sister company iFilm [ 9 ] : broadcast programming done by users .
LiveOps [ 10 ] says it has 10,000 free agents signed up to become virtual call centers for corporations of many different industries .
Computer science and artificial intelligence
See here for more examples .
Image inspection .
Neufeld et al. ( 2003 ) adopt the paradigm of a partnership between artificial and human intelligences , in solving the problem of detecting edges .
More examples here .
" NASA Clickworkers " [ 11 ] where tens of thousands of volunteers worked to identify craters in Mars images , producing results that were indistinguishable from those produced by PhD image coders working within NASA .
Collecting user inputs .
Verbosity ; see von Ahn et al. ( 2006 ) [ 12 ] .
This is set up as a game , in which a Narrator gets a word from the system and sends hints to Guesser about what that word is .
Both players form a pair to compete with other pairs , and once a Guesser guesses right , both Narrator and Guesser get a point .
The key is that the hints issued by Narrators are sentences that are true of the word .
More examples here .
Secure computing .
In general , this area incorporates " AI - complete " problems to boost security .
Gentry et al. ( 2005 ) [ 13 ] propose that the payment for human computation can be an online currency .
More examples here .
Collaborative filtering .
Spamnet [ 14 ] and Razor [ 15 ] use human votes to determine if an email message or source is spam .
Zhou et al. ( 2003 ) [ 16 ] , in an experiment involving 9,589 non-spam and 14,925 spam messages , find that the error rate of this human - computer system detecting false positives is negligible , at 10 to the power of 8 .
More examples here .
Distributed tasks .
The Distributed Proofreader Project [ 17 ] is originally set up to reduce OCR errors in book scanned under Project Gutenberg [ 18 ] , but is now a stand - alone entity .
Volunteers offer to correct these books in several passes , matching OCR pages against scanned pages .
There is no commitment on the part of volunteers .
More examples here .
P2P technology . [ 19 ]
Swarm intelligence . [ 20 ]
Biology
See here for many more examples .
Mallon et al. ( 2001 ) [ 21 ] report that bee scouts who have done their dances stand aside to observe dances by bees for other candidate sites ; they do not continue dancing to do more promotion , nor do they interfere with competing dancing bees .
This is a form of unprejudiced opinion polling .
The disadvantage is that bee scouts basically lose information about sites they promoted .
The advantage is that the bees as a whole do not waste too much time in endless debates .
More examples here .
Computer - supported collaborative work
See here for many more examples .
Engelbart , motivated by the need for people to collaborate in order to cope with accelerating rate of change , proposes Augment , a " co-evolutionary environment capable of handling simultaneous complex social , technical , and economic changes at an appropriate rate and scale " [ 22 ] .
He calls our capacity to cope with change our " collective IQ " ( See section on Engelbart here ) .
Prediction markets
See here for many more examples .
A number of firms [ 23 ] , such as Hewlett Packard ( called Behaviorally Robust Aggregation of Information Networks , or BRAIN [ 24 ] ) , IBM , Microsoft , and Ford .
As a failed example , Incentive Markets closed in Feb 2005 [ 25 ] .
It was designed to gather public guesses on success of pharmaceutical products in the pipelines of big pharma firms .
A taxonomy of collective intelligence
In order to make progress in understanding collective intelligence , it is useful to have a way of classifying different kinds of collective intelligence into categories .
One effort to do this is summarized here .
Measuring collective intelligence and the factors that affect it
One example of how collective intelligence might be measured is to consider how group performance has been measured ( see section on group performance .
Task type .
For example , Steiner ( 1972 ) [ 26 ] proposes that group performance can be measured relative to some benchmark , so that is may be classified as process loss or process gain ( sometimes also called the " assembly bonus effect " ) .
For Steiner , group performance depends on the type of task : divisible , optimizable , or combinable ( or unitary ) .
The last may be subdivided into : additive : Ringlemann ( 1913 ) [ 27 ] reports how the tonnage a group of people can pull using a rope .
He reports that , unsurprisingly , a group can pull a greater weight than any individual can , but interestingly , each individual pull less hard , so there is decreasing returns to group size .
He attributes the latter to coordination loss ( people pulling at different times ) and motivational loss ( social loafing ) .
compensatory : Performance increases with group size ( if guesses are independent ? ) .
Tziner and Eden ( 1985 ) [ 28 ] report that , among 208 three - man military crews , ability and motivation have compensatory ( the authors say " additive " but they mean " average , " rather than " total " ) effects .
conjunctive : Performance is that of the weakest member , so group size again reduces group performance .
Conversely , if less skilled members increase their effort , group performance increases ( the Kohler effect , see Kohler ( 1926 ) [ 29 ] ) .
disjunctive : group size increases group performance .
Taylor and Faust ( 1952 ) [ 30 ] report that 4 - person groups do better than 2 - person pairs , which in turn do better than individuals , in answer " 20 questions " puzzles .
This is when measuring absolute output ( time needed to get right answers ) .
But when measuring man-minutes , when the reverse is true ( put another way , it is cheaper to get the job done , if the time needed to get it done is not a constraint ) .
.
For example , Steiner ( 1972 ) [ 26 ] proposes that group performance can be measured relative to some benchmark , so that is may be classified as process loss or process gain ( sometimes also called the " assembly bonus effect " ) .
For Steiner , group performance depends on the type of task : divisible , optimizable , or combinable ( or unitary ) .
The last may be subdivided into :
Task - relevant information , or a frame or reference given to group members .
SeeLaughlin , et al. ( 1999 ) .
Cohesiveness ( see the meta - analyses in Evans and Dion ( 1991 ) and Mullen and Cooper ( 1994 ) ) .
Lea at al. ( 2001 ) suggest that electronic groups might develop stronger identities and norms , contradicting the prediction by the Social Identity Model of Deindividuation Effects ( SIDE ) that visual anonymity reduces group attraction .
Others have found this relationship from cohesivenss to performance , but moderated by other variables : Group norms .
Langfred ( 1998 ) reports a similar result , but uses data from a 1995 survey of Danish military .
He also finds that the link from cohesiveness to performance is moderated by the direction of norms ( i.e. , task - oriented or not ) .
Commitment to the group ’s goal , Podsakoff et al. ( 1997 ) Technology mediation .
Straus and McGrath ( 1994 ) report that in a study of 72 3 - person groups , the face - to - face groups do significantly better than the computer - mediated ones , for the more complex tasks .
( see the meta - analyses in Evans and Dion ( 1991 ) and Mullen and Cooper ( 1994 ) ) .
Lea at al. ( 2001 ) suggest that electronic groups might develop stronger identities and norms , contradicting the prediction by the Social Identity Model of Deindividuation Effects ( SIDE ) that visual anonymity reduces group attraction .
Others have found this relationship from cohesivenss to performance , but moderated by other variables :
A transactive memory of who knows what .
Liang et al. ( 1995 ) report that subjects in a task of assembling transistor radios , groups that undergo training together to develop transactive memory do better .
Moreland and Myaskovsky ( 2000 ) suggest that this can be achieved through group training that focuses on members ’ competencies , rather than group identification or motivation .
See also early work by http://www.citeulike.org/user/rlai/article/1397545
Wegner et al. ( 1985 ) ] and Wegner et al. ( 1991 ) .
Team leadership .
Hackman ( 2004 ) and Hackman and Wageman ( 2004 ) argue that leaders can spell the difference between success and failure because they determine what kind of team is created and how the team is structured and coached .
They also suggest that leaders often make suboptimal decisions .
Deployment of suitable members for group tasks .
Some studies identify general traits , such as loquacity , use of reason to influence , dominance , see Littlepage and Mueller ( 1997 ) , Littlepage et al. ( 1995 ) .
Training .
Conversely , configuring groups to better recognize and deploy expertise , such as giving explicit instructions to share information and exploit expertise , getting feedback , or investing in working together ( e.g. , Henry ( 1995 ) ) .
Brainstorming .
However , the consensus today is that nominal groups outperform brainstorming groups , Paulus and Dzindolet ( 1993 ) .
Stress .
The literature on individual psychology , the consensus is that stress has an inverted - U shape relationship with performance — e.g. , Jamal ( 1984 ) .
The relationship also slides rightward as individuals adapt to stress .
Further , the increase in performance is biased toward quantity and against quality .
The results seem to be also supported among groups , see Karau and Kelly ( 1992 ) .
For example , Kruglanski and Webster ( 1991 ] report that within a group , deviating opinions are rejected more with time pressure while conforming ones are accepted more .
Stress works through several mechanisms in its link to performance : Focusing resources .
Karau and Kelly ( 1992 ) suggest that stress , in the form of time pressure , forces groups to focus their resources .
Need for closure .
Kruglanski et al. ( 2006 ) summarizes their long line of research on how stress increases the need for closure , and therefore greater conformity in the form of a " group mind . "
.
The literature on individual psychology , the consensus is that stress has an inverted - U shape relationship with performance — e.g. , Jamal ( 1984 ) .
The relationship also slides rightward as individuals adapt to stress .
Further , the increase in performance is biased toward quantity and against quality .
The results seem to be also supported among groups , see Karau and Kelly ( 1992 ) .
For example , Kruglanski and Webster ( 1991 ] report that within a group , deviating opinions are rejected more with time pressure while conforming ones are accepted more .
Stress works through several mechanisms in its link to performance :
Consciousness as a Measure of Collective Intelligence
Consciousness and Collective Intelligence
If we think of consciousness as the ability to be aware of the external environment and our presence within it one of the potential advantages of Collective Intelligence would be an increased awareness of more elements of our environment and a wider range of potential options for how to interact with it .
The real power of CI in relationship to consciousness goes deeper .
One of the areas that most scientists and thinkers struggle with in the field of consciousness is explaining how it is created .
At this point the best we can figure is that it is an emergent phenomena that arises from the interaction of the comparatively simple elements that underlie it .
In the case of a human brain it is the collective interaction of neurons .
In the case of a bee hive it is the collective interactions of all the hive ’s members .
The key to how CI enhances consciousness , resides in the mystery of the synapse .
The Importance of the Synapse in Creating Consciousness
Here synapse does not refer strictly to the neural structure , rather it is a metaphor for the larger the larger phenomenon of data changing states as it is transmitted from one unit to another .
For our purposes a good working definition is :
Synapse :
Any point at which data changes the medium in which it is encoded
Examples of synapses :
• Electrochemical data in the brain translated into speech or writing before being converted into electrochemical data in another brain
• Electrochemical data in a bee translated into movement before being converted into electrochemical data encoded in other bees
• Ant knowledge of food sources converted into chemical trails that are picked up by other ants
The importance of the synapse has been overlooked by many thinkers , and yet it is the most common element in any conscious system be it an ant hill , a mammalian brain , or a football team .
According to the above definition even the interaction of a computer with its hard drive could be accurately described as a synapse .
It , however , is a rudimentary synapse that lacks many of the features of synapses that appear to correlate with consciousness .
The key characteristics of synapses that appear to lead to the creation of consciousness :
• Delay in time
• Ambiguity of the newly encoded data
• Ability of the new data form to stimulate multiple receptors in a synapse with a single emission
• The potential for emissions from multiple incoming data sources to strengthen or weaken the reaction of the receptors
Collective Intelligence increases the consciousness of both its members and the group as a whole not merely by pooling more data but by exponentially increasing the number , and sometimes , quality of the synapses in the system .
Measuring Consciousness
The increase of the consciousness of a CI system can be measured by :
• Speed by which it detects changes in the external environment of its constituent members
• The diversity of potential solutions that are posed within the system
• The quality of options chosen as determined by the degree to which the solutions permit the constituent members to thrive within the external environment .
Predicting Levels of Consciousness
I would further argue that the consciousness of a given CI system or community can be predicted by looking at the synapses that hold it together according to the following criteria :
• Synapse density — How many receptors / emissors come together in a particular synapse
• Firing intensity — How reactive the emissors are to various external stimuli
• Synapse receptivity — How quickly and vigorously do the receptors react to the stimulus both by triggering actions and by becoming emissors in other synapses .
See also the section on predicting individual intelligence .
Cattell ( 1948 ) [ 31 ] argues that a fair amount of research into individual psychology might apply to group psychology .
The latter might be analyzed at three levels : ( 1 ) some statistics describing individual members of the group , ( 2 ) the structural relationships among members and between groups ( for example , group membership might overlap ) , and ( 3 ) the syntality or behavior of the group .
He also provides 7 theorems that determine the syntality of groups :
dynamic origins of groups vectorial measurement of synergy subsidiation in the syntal lattice subsidiation in the personal lattice hierarchies of loyalty from the law of effect synergic constancy in a system of overlapping groups isomorphism of syntality change and personality change .
Wegner ( 1987 ) [ 32 ] suggests that the converse , that the complementarity and specialization shown in group work might have facilitated the development of individual minds that have complementary and specialized functions .
See other ideas on predicting collective intelligence here .
What factors facilitate collective intelligence ?
We list some factors drawn from different perspectives , as a working list .
See the different perspectives for a complete listing .
Diversity
Diversity among members of a collective is a recurring theme from several perspectives .
For example , one view in cognitive neuroscience is that diversity ( beyond one 's relatives , but of an invested SPS ) is an essential , not a luxury , to procreate our collective gene pool .
Consistent with this , the idea of homosocial production in the social psychology is that the lack of diversity increases the bias in collective decision - making .
Crowdsourcing rests some of its perceived value on the Diversity Prediction Theorem :
Crowd Error = Average Individual Error – Diversity Among Individuals
Crowd Error :
For each question of interest , first calculate the distance between what the crowd of individuals predict ( i.e. , crowd consensus ) from the actual outcome or “ external truth ” , then square this value .
A distance of zero represents no error between what the crowd predicts and external truth .
After squaring the distance for each question of interest , then add together these values to produce a sum of squares error for the crowd vs. external truth .
Of note , squaring the calculation of distance is important so that positive and negative error values do not cancel out each other ( this is a common practice in statistics ) .
Average Individual Error :
For each question of interest , first calculate the distance between an individual ( i ) predicts from the actual outcome or “ external truth ” , then square this value .
After squaring the distance for each question of interest for a given individual ( i ) vs. external truth , then add together these values to produce a sum of squares error .
Repeat for all individuals in the crowd and compute the average sum of squares errors for an individual vs. external truth .
Diversity Among Individuals :
For each question of interest , first calculate the distance between an individual ( i ) predicts from the consensus of the crowd , then square this value .
A distance of zero represents no diversity ( or different ) between what the individual predicts and what the crowd predicts .
After squaring the distance for each question of interest for a given individual ( i ) vs. consensus of the crowd , then add together these values to produce a sum of squares error .
Repeat for all individuals in the crowd and compute the average sum of squares errors for an individual vs. consensus of the crowd .
( For more info see : Page , Scott . ( 2007 ) The Difference : How the Power of Diversity Creates Better Groups , Firms , Schools , and Societies . )
The beauty of the Diversity Prediction Theorem is that it works every time – there ’s no way for it mathematically not to work .
Specifically , if the crowd error differs from what the average individual error predicts vs. external truth , then there must be differences between what individuals predict amongst themselves ( i.e. , not perfect consensus ) .
As such , if there are differences between what individuals predict amongst themselves , there also must be diversity in the different perspectives of individuals vs. the consensus of the crowd .
Viewed a different way , if one collapses the diversity in the different perspectives of individuals vs. the consensus of the crowd , one equally collapses the difference between the crowd error and the average individual error by forcing little or no difference between individuals .
At zero diversity among individuals , everyone predicts the exact same thing , so the average individual error equals the crowd error at such a point .
So what does all of this mean for collective intelligence ?
First , it means that if one wants to improve the accuracy of what a crowd predicts vs. external truth , one wants a diverse group of participants with different perspectives .
Increasing the diversity in what they predict will reduce crowd error vs. external truth .
Second , while the Diversity Prediction Theorem is great , it does not guarantee in and of itself that unknown outcomes at a future date , better decisions will be made .
For that , empirical research is required .
With crowds : diversity trumps ability
Yet clearly there are times when crowds are smart and also times when crowds are dumb , so why does diversity influence outcomes ?
Consider : individuals have particular perspectives on a problem , paying attention to some aspects and filtering out others
Specifically :
Learned perspectives may limit the search space any one individual uses to reach an answer , even for “ smart ” individuals
Multiple individuals with varying perspectives expand the search space employed
A diverse crowd has more “ tools ” to apply
That said :
This is not to say that diversity does not have drawbacks
Diversity works if everyone has same goal of getting the answer right , and values this goal
If goal - related values of different groups are not shared , crowd may splinter into factions
There is a very large literature in organization theory on how organization structures affect performance .
While we do not necessarily think of formal organizations when we think of collective intelligence , work on the former suggests at least interesting parallel research questions for the latter .
The results from organization theory might also be interesting reference points for us in collective intelligence .
For example , Burns and Stalker 's ( 1971 ) [ 33 ] argue that organic non-hierarchical , informal structures are more suitable for innovation in unstable and dynamic environments , because they address the informational and social requirements .
Mechanistic structures are more suitable otherwise .
Allen ( 1977 ) [ 34 ] provides empirical support for this with a study of R&D teams .
Interestingly , Hinds and McGrath ( 2006 ) [ 35 ] argue the opposite might be true for distributed rather than collocated teams : in a study involving 455 individuals in 49 teams within a multinational firm , they find that hierarchical ( albeit informal ones ) do better than network structures .
The reason is that network or organic structures are " difficult to address through electronically mediated exchange " ; see also Hackman and Morris ( 1978 ) [ 36 ] and Nohria and Eccles ( 1992 ) [ 37 ] .
Ahuja and Carley ( 1999 ) [ 38 ] find the same in a ethnographic 4 - month study of a virtual organization .
Another relevant result from organization theory is that modularized work reduces interdependency among group members , and can improve group performance .
Baldwin and Clark ( 1999 ) [ 39 ] suggest porting ideas about modularity in computer software engineering to design and manufacturing work .
They also caution that modularization of work also requires managers who are comfortable controlling less , and whose knowledge is more focused on their modules .
In Baldwin and Clark ( 2003 ) [ 40 ] , they argue that modularity enhances the private benefits of contributing to open software projects , making the equilibrium robust .
Olson and Olson ( 2000 ) [ 41 ] also conclude that groups that are loosely coupled do better .
Galbraith ( 1973 ) [ 42 ] contend that modularity reduces the need for information sharing .
See also Krishnan et al. ( 1997 ) [ 43 ] .
Modularity , of course , has its own issues .
For example , Grinter et al. ( 1999 ) [ 44 ] note that in their setting , it contributes to more handoffs , leads to later detection of software bugs , results in divergent and isolated views among collaborators , and under - leverages expertise of distant group members .
It is arguably the consensus that dense communications structures enhance group productivity ; see the pioneering work by Back ( 1974 ) [ 45 ] .
One mechanism through which structures enhance productivity is by improving group identification and trust ; see Portes and Sensenbrenner ( 1993 ) [ 46 ] on communications structures that do not have structural holes .
There are many types of incentives that seem to work .
One example is economic incentives , along the lines of monetary prizes , such as those in InnoCentive [ 47 ] , NineSigma [ 48 ] , and YourEncore [ 49 ] .
NineSigma and InnoCentive are similar .
The latter is started by Eli Lilly in 2001 and posts engineering and science problems by subscribing corporations such as Boeing , DuPont , and Procter & Gamble .
The cash rewards for solutions range from thousands to hundreds of thousand dollars .
It claims that as of 2006 , 30 % of the problems posted have been solved .
YourEncore works with retired scientists and engineers .
An important difference between set ups like these and our idea of collective intelligence is that these have individual problem solvers .
However , it might be interesting to see what ideas about these settings might also apply when there are multiple solvers .
Some of the lessons from these settings are in Lakhani et al. ( 2007 ) [ 50 ] who , in examining participants in Innocentive , observe that participants are more likely to actually solve the required problems when :
As another example , recent research along the lines of human computation suggests that intrinsic motivation work .
In the ESP Game [ 51 ] described in von Ahn and Dabbish ( 2004 ) [ 52 ] , work ( indexing images using tag words ) is re-cast as a game ( in which pairs of players who strive to quickly come up with matching tag works , compete with other pairs ) .
See other section on this and related examples and counter - examples .
A different line of attack is to reduce the cost of contribution .
For example , Google Earth supports the keyhold markup language ( KML ) for users to geo -code information onto the latitude - longitude grid .
Other users can access published KML information .
See section on geo-coding .
Schwartz ( 1995 ) [ 53 ] argues that groups will always perform worse than individuals unless there is some collaborative creation of a visual representation .
Shilad et al. ( 2006 ) [ 54 ] investigate how people develop , share , and use tags .
They find that these processes depend on our current investment in tags already being used , the degree we want to conform with the tagging community .
The community 's tags in turn depend on what we use and the tag selection algorithm .
They also find that subjective tags are used most for self - expression , factual tags for learning and finding , and personal tags for organizing .
Lee ( 2006 ) [ 55 ] , in a study of del.icio.us tags , find that users who perceive greater degrees of social presence are more likely to annotate their bookmarks with information that could facilitate the sharing and discovery of bookmarks for other del.icio.us users .
Englebart and Ruilifson ( 1998 ) [ 56 ] conjecture that the tool system needs to be structured to improve the human system .
Advancements in the tools , called outposts , need to be introduced as experiments , and in configurations , not as isolated gadgets
Dourish and Bellotti ( 1992 ) [ 57 ] examine how mechanisms to share awareness in Quilt ( see Fish et al. , 1988 [ 58 ] ) , PREP ( see Hiltz and Turoff , 1993 [ 59 ] ) , GROVE ( see Conklin , 1987 [ 60 ] ) , and ShrEdit ( see Olson et al. , 1992 [ 61 ] ) enhance collaborative work .
These mechanisms may be classified as :
Informational .
For example , Quilt 's authoring system is annotated with email messages .
Role - restrictive .
For example , the author role might allow editing , while a reviewer role does not .
In prediction markets , Adams ( 2006 ) [ 62 ] and Ottaviani and Sorensen ( 2006 ) [ 63 ] show that with multiperiod learning , the market price converges to traders ' mean beliefs , aggregating all private signals .
The Power of the Edge
Traditional organizations exist to harness worker output , usually employ a top - down approach to maintain efficiency
Problem : top - down hierarchies restrict opportunities for bottom - up information flow from the edge of an organization
Specifically :
As the environment external to an organization changes , more “ eyes ” are on the edge than at the top seeing these partial elements of these changes
If the organization does n’t encourage bottom - up percolation of these insights as changing environment , high probability that the the top could lose relevancy despite larger scope
That said :
This is not to say that the edge does not have drawbacks
Top - down hierarchies are common as they are great at controlled consistency
Bottom - up approaches include overlapping and potentially conflicting efforts , lacking consistency across an organization ; but web technologies can help address this
( For more information see Bray , David and Prietula , Michael .
Exploration and Exploitation : Managing Knowledge in Turbulent Environments ( 2007 ) .
International Conference on Information Systems .
Best Paper KM Track . )
The Power of an Ecosystem
Having just one view , or one highly regimented view , limits situation awareness
A single view misses unknown elements
Specifically :
Where any one individual is looking may no longer be relevant ; whereas multiple individuals can better scan an unknown environment
Through chatter and conversation , multiple individuals can swarm around interesting features in the external environment
That said :
This is not to say that an ecosystem does not have drawbacks
Unlike highly structured or single expert approaches , ecosystems are less efficient than other approaches when the environment is relatively stable ( nothing new is occurring )
( See March , James . ( 1993 ) Exploration and Exploitation in Organizational Learning .
Organization Science .
Also see Bray , David ( 2008 ) .
Knowledge Ecosystems : Technology , Motivations , Processes , and Performance . )
Others
Apart from academic research , a number of writers also suggest factors that facilitate collective intelligence .
Bloom ( 2000 , p. 42 - 44 ) [ 64 ] says that the following five elements cause a group to be intelligent ( a “ collective learning machine ” ) :
Conformity enforcers – mechanisms that cause similarities among most members of the group
Diversity generators – mechanisms that cause some differences among members of the group
Inner judges – mechanisms that cause individual members of a group to reward themselves for successes and to punish themselves for failures .
Resource shifters – mechanisms that shift resources ( such as money , admiration , and influence ) to members of the group who are successful and away from those who are n’t .
Intergroup tournaments – competitions between subgroups ( such as games , corporate competitions , and wars )
( Note : Logically , it seems that a system could work without elements ( 3 ) and ( 5 ) . )
Surowiecki ( 2004 , p. xviii – xix , and chapters 2 - 4 ) [ 65 ] says that three conditions are necessary for a group to be intelligent ( for a “ crowd to be wise ” ) :
Diversity – the group includes members with a wide diversity of knowledge or abilities ( and the ability to recognize successful and unsuccessful outcomes )
Independence – group members use their own knowledge and abilities without being overly influenced by others .
( When group members influence each other too much , various kinds of bad outcomes can results .
See section on “ Groupthink and Informational Cascades ” below . )
A particular kind of decentralization – group members ’ actions are aggregated in a way that finds the right balance between ( a ) “ making individual knowledge globally and collective useful ” , and ( b ) “ still allowing it to remain resolutely specific and local ” ( p. 72 ) .
What factors inhibit collective intelligence ?
Again , we list some factors drawn from different perspectives , as a working list .
See the different perspectives for a complete listing .
Many of the above seem to also appear at the group level .
For example , Argote , et al. ( 1990 ) report evidence that groups suffer from the representativeness fallacy .
Hinsz and Indahl ( 1995 ) report that groups are also susceptible to anchoring , such as juries who anchor their damage awards to the amount requested by plaintiffs .
Sunstein et al. ( 2002 ) even argue that group juries exhibit more anchoring than individual jurors .
Kerr , et al. ( 1996 ) use Davis ’ ( 1973 ) theory to suggest when groups or individuals might be more biased .
Hinsz et al. ( 2007 ) suggest that aggregating individual biases to the group level may attenuate or accentuate the biases .
In addition , there are biases that are unique to groups ( see review in Hinsz , et al. ( 2007 ) ) :
In - group bias .
Individuals favor their own group members .
The bias appears to be reduced with the size of the group .
See Sherif's ( 1936 ) .
Out - group homogeneity bias .
Individuals see members of other groups as more homogeneous than those in their own groups .
The bias seems to be independent of the size and number of groups , and is not due to the relatively less interaction between the individuals and out - group members .
Groupthink , bandwagon effect , herd behavior .
This is the tendency to do what others do .
See sociological perspective .
Facilitation and loafing .
A version of this is the contrast effect .
For example , a person placed next to a less appealing one is viewed as more appealing than normal , but when placed next to a more appealing one , is viewed as less appealing than normal .
See the section on Social facilitation and loafing
Group polarization .
This is the tendency for groups to adopt more extreme or riskier positions after discussion .
Indeed , the positions are often more extreme than each individual would wants .
One probable cause is the desire to conform .
Another comes from [ persuasive argument theory , ] in which members suggest more and more self publishing reasons to distinguish the options , so that the final option chosen is backed by a lot more reasons than if there were no discussion .
Biased use of information and the common knowledge effect .
See the section on Common knowledge effect .
Risky shift .
Zajonc , et al. ( 1968 ) and others documented that groups tend toward more risky decisions .
In a trial in which groups and coacting individuals choose between getting 0.75 cents if a left bulb lights up and 3 cents if the right lights up , and the subjects know that the left lights up with a probability of 80 % and right , 20 % , more As Davis ( 1973 ) [ 66 ] explains , the standard explanations for this include : ( 1 ) riskier members are more persuasive , ( 2 ) increased familiarization through group discussions lead members to riskier choices , ( 3 ) diffused book publishers responsibility also leads members to riskier choices , ( 4 ) there is [ cultural value inclining subjects toward risk , ] ( 5 ) unlike the above , the observed group outcome might be due to the social decision scheme rather than shifts in individual preferences ( Vinokur ( 1969 ) ) .
All but the last two have been doubted , especially because a converse cautious shift is also in the literature ( Dion , et al. , ( 1997 ) ) .
Cartwright ( 1971 ) document that 75 % of observed group decisions might be due to the social decision scheme , rather than individual preference shifts .
Distortions in multi - level group decisions .
Davis ( 1973 ) [ 67 ] suggests that when there are multi- level group decisions , such as in a democratic political process , the " people ’s preference may be very distorted if we use a fair majority social decision scheme .
In practice , such distortions might be corrected with minority reports and interest groups .
But we are aware of no data that permit a test of the distortions - by - levels argument . "
de Tocqueville ( 1835 ) [ 68 ] observes that the norms of tolerance , reciprocity and trust are important determinants of formation of communities and associations .
Putnam ( 2000 ) [ 69 ] contends that national stockpile of ' social capital '-- our reserve of personal bonds and fellowship -- is seriously depleted [ 70 ] and initiates the Saguro Seminar series to restore social capital in America ; see his new book Putnam ( 2003 ) [ 71 ] .
Perkins , et al. ( 1990 ) [ 72 ] also creates a sense of community index , which measures membership , influence , integration , and shared emotional connection .
Another effort is the Asset - based Community Development [ 73 ]
Institute at Northwestern University .
Underlying all these is the claim that social capital enhances collective intelligence , or at least sustain collective intelligences .
For example , Cramton ( 2001 ) [ 74 ] suggests that narrow bandwith , such as that caused by geographically distributed teams , results in difficulty in sharing mutual knowledge .
She further classifies this failure into 5 types :
failure to communicate and retain contextual information
unevenly distributed information
difficulty in communicating and understanding the salience of information
differences in speed of access to information
and difficulty interpreting the meaning of silence .
Blau ( 1970 ) [ 75 ] , among others , contend that a main barrier to collaboration may be the difficulty in achieving agreement when diverse viewpoints exist .
This can make effective decision - making more difficult .
Even if collaboration members do manage to agree they are very likely to be agreeing from a different perspective .
This is often called a cultural boundary .
For example :
A culture where rank or job title is important makes it hard for a lower rank person who may be more qualified than their superior for the job it had to collaborate .
The lower rank person is told what to do .
This is not collaboration " stranger danger " ; which can be expressed as a reluctance to share with others unknown to you " needle in a haystack " ; people believe that others may have already solved your problem but how do you find them " hoarding " ; where people do not want to share knowledge because they see hoarding as a source of power " Not Invented Here " ; the avoidance of previously performed research or knowledge that was not originally developed within the group / institution .
Self - interest and the free - rider problem
Olson ( 1971 ) [ 76 ] propose that individuals ’ self interest might hinder the emergence of collective action .
He believes that group size reduces the cost of not participating ( free- riding , see also Simmel and Wolff ( 1964 ) [ 77 ] ) .
Further , group size reduces the share of benefit but increases the cost of participation ( the interest of the individual is less aligned to the group average , and there is higher cost of organizing a large group ) .
See details in the section on [ Political_philosophy_perspective_on_collective_intelligence#Logic_of_collective_action | the logic of collective action . ] ]
Implementation issues
Bikson and Eveland ( 1996 ) [ 78 ] describe CSCW ( computer - supported collaborative work ) implementation issues which might also be pertinent to implementation of collective intelligence systems .
Among their key findings of their qualitative study at the World Bank :
Change in social and technical systems ( the former like work groups , jobs , interdependencies ; the latter like hardware , software , networks )
Implementation has as strong an influence as technology on outcomes
Outcomes evolve over time .
Grudin ( 1988 ) [ 79 ] list some lessons from CSCW implementation that might be instructive for collective intelligence systems :
Divergence in incentives between users and maintainers .
Perhaps more accurately , for everyone , the benefit must outweigh the cost — e.g. , Carasik and Grantham ( 1998 ) [ 80 ] attribute the failure of implementing the Coordinator at Pacific Bell to the high cost of training to the benefits that could be derived .
Breakdown of intuitive decision - making .
Decision makers may over - or under - state the cost - benefit ratio for segments of user populations that they are not familiar with .
Underestimation of difficulty in evaluating CSCW .
Market failure is especially important in inhibiting the proper function of prediction markets .
Overly restrictive or unclear specification of event to be predicted .
For example , a 2006 Tradesports contract [ 81 ] on whether North Korea conducts a missile test specifies that the US Department of Defense as a confirmation source .
But on this event , the DOD does not confirm the incident , even though it has been widely reported on in the media .
In another case , a user alleges [ 82 ] that Tradesports announces an outcome of a game in a random number of seconds after the specified time of the event .
Wolfers and Zitzewitz ( 2004 ) [ 83 ] conjecture that play money might facilitate the introduction of loose definitions , enlarging the set of questions that might be amenable to prediction markets .
System downtime during critical betting periods .
For example , one user alleges that Tradesports ' site is down during the last one minute of a crucial SMC / USF game on Feb 19 , 2007 .
Involvement of biased parties , and cornering the market .
Rhode and Strumpf ( 2003 ) [ 84 ] studied bets on outcomes of presidential elections between 1868 and 1940 , and conclude that there is little evidence in the historical record that wagering compromised the integrity of elections despite the active involvement of political parties ( pg. 1 ) .
In contrast , Friedrich Dürrenmatt 's The Visit ( 1956 , 62 ) [ 85 ] is a play about rich lady Claire Zachanassian who visits the town of Güllen .
She puts a big bet that a resident Alfred Ill , a former lover , will be killed .
The beneficiary of the bet is the impoverished town .
Although the townsfolks initially found the bet repulsive , one by one , they begin to spend beyond their means , as if the town will someday be rich .
In the end , Alfred Ill dies mysteriously .
Predictions of extreme events .
The favoriate - longshot bias has been documented in TradeSport , Chen et al. ( 2006 ) [ 86 ] and Fair ( 2006 ) [ 87 ]
Long - lived contracts ?
SimExchange [ 88 ] uses infinite - life contracts ( mimicking equities in the stock market ) in a prediction market for video game sales .
Some observers [ 89 ] suggest that this might work only for play money .
Affiliation bias .
Koleman ( 2004 ) [ 90 ] shows evidence that New York betters in the Iowa prediction market favor the Yankees .
Forsythe , et al. ( 1999 ) [ 91 ] show that traders favor bets of their own political parties .
We also conjecture that many factors that inhibit healthy development and functioning of traditional asset markets , such as the stock market , might inhibit CI .
Such factors include :
manipulation .
However , Hanson , et al. ( 2006 ) [ 92 ] argue that at least in an experimental market they studied , manipulation did not last and the non-manipulators compensate for the bias in offers from manipulators by setting a different threshold at which they are willing to accept trades .
insider trading .
Hanson ( 2007 ) [ 93 ] also argues that there are ways to curb excessive insider trading , such as requiring elite traders ( insiders ) to disclose their trades ahead of time .
thin markets -- e.g. , O'Hara ( 2003 ) [ 94 ] herding -- e.g. , Banerjee ( 1992 ) [ 95 ] .
Plott and Sunder ( 1982 ) [ 96 ] and Plott and Sunder ( 1988 ) [ 97 ] show that in experiments , bubbles seem to occur .
On the other hand , poor rule of law - - e.g. , Shleifer and Vishny ( 1997 ) [ 98 ] limits to arbitrage , if traders are agents for other principals -- e.g. , Shleifer and Vishny ( 1997 ) [ 99 ]
Perspectives on collective intelligence
One way to integrate the different perspectives on collective intelligence is to identify the :
commonalities : how each maps onto the generic components ( see Components ) common in collective intelligence , and discipline - specific contributions : what are the key relevant concepts and theories .
Hopefully , the commonalities spur deeper thinking about the foundations of collective intelligence , and the discipline - specific contributions suggest cross-fertilization of ideas across disciplines .
The following table provides examples from each perspective :
Perspective Actors Resources Actions and their bases Results Evaluation and measures Factors enhancing CI Factors inhibiting CI Techniques for enhancing CI Sociology Humans Status , power Persuasion , conformity Motivation , learning , conflict Experiments , sociometry - - - Economics Firms , consumers Wealth , goods Trade , pricing , incentives Efficiency , monopolistic power Welfare , monetary units - Arrow 's impossibility theorems , information asymmetry , contractual incompleteness , Prisoner 's dilemma - Cognitive neuroscience Neurons , codons Weight of connections Neural firing Mental representations , mind - body problem Two - photon microscopy , calcium imaging - - - Organization theory People Resources Resource allocation Productivity Productivity - Differentiation and integration - Computer science and artificial intelligence Computers Computational cycles , storage Computation Computational solutions Speed and accuracy of results , transmissions - Byzantine Failure , impossibility of distributed consensus - Biology Organisms
Energy , free will , sensory capacity Decision - making - - - - - Political philosophy Humans Status , power Decision - making Motivation , learning , conflict Experiments , sociometry - - -
In addition to the above discipline - specific perspectives , some other perspectives have multi-disciplinary origins , but are becoming perspectives in their own right , and we list them here :
Perspective Actors Resources Actions and their bases Results Evaluation and measures Factors enhancing CI Factors inhibiting CI Techniques for enhancing CI Social psychology Humans Status , power Persuasion , conformity Motivation , learning , conflict Experiments , sociometry - - - Computer supported collaborative work Humans Productivity - - - - - - Prediction markets Humans Information , money Votes Voting result Count of votes , variances - - - Economic sociology Humans and organizations Trust , identity , organizational demography Relationships as contraints Node - level profitability , mortality Profits , hazard rates Diversity Strong ties Brokerage over weak ties
Techniques for enhancing collective intelligence
We list some factors drawn from different perspectives , as a working list .
See the different perspectives for a complete listing .
Grinter et al. ( 1999 ) [ 100 ] examine 4 methods product development organizations in Lucent use to integrate multi-site teams ( all of which suffer 2 problems : consequences of unequal distribution of project mass , and finding expertise ) :
locate each expertise at only one site .
The benefits include having scale with a pool of expertise , better load balancing and development of that expertise .
The cost is that we now have to manage projects across sites .
partition product development according to product structure , and locate the components at different sites .
The benefit is the independence in operating environments .
The cost is in integration testing of the components .
partition process steps .
The benefit is closer proximity to customers .
There is also better use of resources , such as test labs .
The cost is in managing temporal dependencies and in handoffs .
customize products that are produced out of one baseline model made at one central site .
This also enhances proximity to customers .
There is also good division of labor for code ownership .
The cost is the need to build trust across product makers , and compatibility issues , since the customizing sites tends to need tools that match those at the baseline site .
There is also the need for coordinating processes ; and the authors find a lack of documentation that hampers this process .
How do large groups overcome the problem of collective action .
One way is to be smaller , such as in corporate spin - offs .
See details in the section on the logic of collective action .
Another approach is from Gould ( 1995 ) [ 101 ] , who argues that dense housing and social networks in Paris result in more individuals being co-opted into the French Revolution , even if these individuals might have , on their own , are particularly enthusiastic about being revolutionaries .
A different way is to highlight the privilege of membership , as in Sierra Club calendar you get for joining the organization or the inevitably canvas tote bag that public television hawks during its seemingly interminable pledge drives ( see these from University of Chicago [ 102 ] ) .
Kollock ( 1998 ) [ 103 ] and Lee et al. ( 2001 ) [ 104 ] are examples of studies in how we can increase the level of social interaction in online communities .
Girgensohn and Lee ( 2002 ) [ 105 ] more recently describes the features used in the CHIplace ( website for 2002 ACM CHI conference ) and Portkey ( website for IBM interns ) websites :
Establishing common ground : folklore and trivia about CHI 's history , pre-publication of research papers for discussion , tips provided by predecessor interns , photos provided by current interns
Increasing awareness : listing of what has changed , chronological display of threads , selection of today 's active forums
Enhancing social interaction mechanisms : polls , writing and voting of trivia , discussion forums
Making " place " ; see Harrison and Dourish ( 1996 ) [ 106 ] and Kollock ( 1998 ) [ 107 ] : discussion forums which become places for discussants to set norms about what should be posted
See also
The Cooperation Commons , http://www.cooperationcommons.com/resources
Libert and Spector ( 2007 ) , We are Smarter than Me [ 108 ]
Fortune 's Imeme Conference http://www.timeinc.net/fortune/conferences/imeme/imeme_home.html
Community 2.0 Conference http://www.community2-0con.com/
Gloor ( 2006 ) , Swarm Creativity : Competitive Advantage through Collaborative Innovation Networks [ 109 ]
Gloor P , Cooper S ( 2006 ) , The New Principles of a Swarm Business [ 110 ]
---
OpEd : Stolen Votes and Stolen Elections
I 've been accused of dissing the election porn industry , the people like Greg Palast , Mark Crispin Miller , Bev Harris , and others who investigate , analyze , document , and publicize stolen elections while encouraging people to vote .
Most of them claim that by carefully monitoring an election , it is possible to deter or prevent vote theft .
Even if that were the case , which it is not , since no matter how closely you observe an election , you cannot prove that a vote was stolen until after it has been stolen , it would not prevent election theft .
That 's because there is a big difference between protecting votes and protecting elections -- vote theft and election theft are not the same thing at all .
The election fraud industry concentrates on protecting votes .
Even if that were possible , it could not deter or prevent stolen elections .
So when they tell you that the election is going to be stolen again and that if you vote , you 're going to be screwed again , and then they tell you to vote and suggest that you monitor the election and video yourself getting screwed , what they are suggesting can only be described as election porn .
Here 's an analogy .
You 've probably heard about shoplifters and store robbers who work in groups .
They go into a store and one or more of them creates a disturbance to distract the store owner and security guards , while another one robs the store .
That 's how I see the election fraud industry .
They are creating a disturbance to focus everyone 's attention on the theft of votes , so that nobody will notice that it is the theft of the elections , not the theft of the votes which really matters .
No matter how many times I point out to them that in their own words they have freely admitted that Bush was sworn in both times , in 2000 and in 2004 , before the votes were counted , they persist in trying to focus attention on whether or not people are allowed to vote , and whether or not their votes are counted accurately .
I keep pointing out that even if every eligible citizen was allowed to vote , and every single vote was counted accurately , it would not prevent elections from being stolen by simply , once again , swearing in the President before the votes are counted .
And that decision , to swear in a President before the popular votes are counted or without regard to the popular vote , is not up to voters , to elections officials , or to lower courts .
The Constitution gives the sole power to make that decision only to Congress ( however the Supreme Court , since no matter what it does its rulings cannot be appealed , has the same Constitutional power as it demonstrated in Bush v. Gore 2000 ) .
So I do n't see the election fraud industry as raising public awareness .
I see their focus on vote theft as distracting people from the real danger and thereby consciously or unconsciously aiding and abetting election theft , or in other words , I see them as an essential part of the shoplifting ring , rather than as being opposed to shoplifting .
They are all very clear on the distinction between voter fraud and election fraud , voter fraud consisting of rare cases of individuals attempting to vote when they are not eligible , and election fraud consisting of widespread voter suppression and election rigging by elections officials and voting machine programmers .
But none of them , brilliant as many of them are , seem to understand the distinction between vote theft and election theft .
Or perhaps they do , but in the service of the wealthy elites and the political parties , which need the popular vote in order to claim the consent of the governed , they are only pretending not to understand .
The election fraud industry and groups like VoteStrike and True Majority advocate that people vote , allow the election to be stolen , and then protest the stolen election .
Would they tell you that the way to protect your car from theft was to park it in a bad neighborhood , leave the doors and windows open and the keys in the ignition , stand nearby and watch it being stolen , and then protest vigorously that your car had been stolen ?
It is obvious from the fact that they advocate that people protest the stolen election afterwards , that they know that the election will be stolen .
So why are they still urging people to vote ?
I really would n't advise protesting .
Our government happens to be a military superpower and it has given billions in crowd control gear and training to Homeland Security for the purpose of suppressing civil dissent .
Our government happens to have a lot of experience suppressing civil dissent because it was often the case that when we stole elections or assassinated democratically elected leaders and installed dictators favorable to U.S. business in other countries , their citizens protested vehemently and violently , if , in most cases , futilely .
The bullet or the ballot is a false dichotomy often used by political party operatives trying to get out the vote .
Simply not voting and then refraining from violence is the real key to ousting an illegitimate government .
Once it cannot demonstrate the consent of the people obtained through elections , a government can still govern , but only as a tyranny , not as a legitimate , democratically elected government .
Such governments find great difficulty in getting support from free nations .
That affects their credit rating , which means that they have problems paying their mercenaries to suppress their populace .
And mercenaries who do n't get paid , do n't work .
By not voting , you establish that the government is not legitimate .
Then you just have to lay low so that they can't shoot you until it collapses for lack of support .
The central tabulators that tally 80 % of all U.S. votes ( whether cast on paper or on machines , at the polls or by mail ) , are so unreliable that they are akin to flush toilets , but that is not the point , that 's just a distraction .
The point is that since the Constitution does not grant us the right to vote directly for President and Vice - President , the popular vote is not the sole determining factor in who becomes President , as it would be in a democracy or a republic .
In both the 2000 and 2004 elections , the President was sworn in before the popular vote was even counted , so whether or not it was counted accurately is irrelevant .
Constitutionally , it does n't have to be counted at all .
And of course in a top - down system like our government , the people at the top can make decisions which cannot be appealed , so the rest of the ticket is irrelevant .
If The Decider or Deciders at the top decide that there will be a bailout , it does n't matter at all if 90 % of the citizens of that government disagree .
We the people have no voice .
Most of us , including myself , thought that at least we could select those who would make the decisions .
We cannot .
We can vote for them , but our votes do not determine who they will be .
Decisions such as who will be on the ballot , how many votes the central tabulators should allocate to each candidate , and who will actually be sworn into office ( usually before the votes are even counted ) are above our pay grade .
Whether or not our votes are counted accurately , the Constitution did not grant us the final say .
Not only are we Constitutionally barred from voting directly for President and Vice - President , but the Constitution makes Congress itself the sole and final judge of Congressional elections .
So when you go to Congress with solid , documented , and indisputable evidence that your election was stolen , as several Congressional candidates did in 2006 , Congress can dismiss your case without even bothering to look at the evidence , which is exactly what it did in every case .
There 's a big difference between a vote and a voice in government .
If our vote was a voice in government , I 'd still be a voter .
And in that case it would be critical to ensure that our votes were counted accurately , something I spent years fighting for before I realized that it was n't the real problem or the biggest danger .
Election integrity efforts fight the symptoms instead of the disease .
Monitoring and documenting the theft of votes can do nothing to prevent the theft of elections .
They are separate , different , and unequal problems and it is the theft of elections which requires our attention .
Protesting a stolen election afterwards can't get it back .
Unless we can prevent it from being stolen , we are stuck with the outcome for another four years .
Would you allow your car or your wallet to be stolen if you were guaranteed that in another four years you would be given an opportunity to try to get it back ?
Next Page 1 | 2
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
As you already know that Firefox is a fastest growing popular web browser .
There are lots of ease provided by the firefox and this is the main reason for its popularity .
There are lots of free download able extensions and add - ons available on the internet for firefox and there demands are increasing every day .
This is the age of social networking and strong communication .
To keep this in mind I have made a list of 17 Amazing Firefox Add - Ons For Social And Communication Purpose .
You are welcome to share if you know more Social And Communication Purpose firefox add - ons that can be helpful for our readers / viewers .
Do you want to be the first one to know the latest happenings at Smashing Apps.com just subscribe to our rss feed .
You may be interested in our other related post
13 Amazing Firefox Add-Ons To Make Designers Lives Easier
9 Amazing Firefox Add- Ons That Will Save Your Time !
StumbleUpon
StumbleUpon discovers web sites based on your interests , learns what you like and brings you more .
Better Gmail
Add useful extra features and skins to Gmail , like hierarchical labels , macros , file attachment icons , and more .
Wizz RSS News Reader Lite 3.0.0.2
A stripped down version of Wizz RSS News Reader .
It has all of the functionality of Wizz RSS News Reader , without the Watch List and without the weather .
Yoono – Socialize your browser
In a single browser sidebar , Yoono users can interact with the best of the Web more than ever before by discovering , communicating , and sharing with friends across multiple networks and platforms all in one place .
Users can stop wasting time checking for updates and visiting multiple networks and instead can start enjoying !
Facebook Toolbar
Integrate your Facebook life into your browser .
Search Facebook from anywhere
The Search Box allows you to easily search Facebook no matter where you are .
Select a friend from the dropdown to go directly to their profile , or hit “ enter ” to see the search results .
ThumbStrips
ThumbStrips is a Firefox extension that creates a filmstrip of thumbnails — ThumbStrip , get it ? — so you can see your history , and stop guessing at page names in the history sidebar .
You can even share your ThumbStrips !
After you install it , a small icon will appear in your browser ’s toolbar .
Click the icon to view your ThumbStrips at the bottom of the screen .
BlogRovr
You do n’t have time to read ALL those Blogs !
Let RovR do it for you .
RovR fetches posts from your favorite blogs about anything you ’re browsing , and shows you summaries you can open read posts without leaving the web page you were on .
BlogRovR also suggests popular items AND lets you Twitter about any site you ’re on too .
Delicious Bookmarks
Delicious Bookmarks is the official Firefox add - on for Delicious , the world ’s leading social bookmarking service ( formerly del.icio.us ) .
It integrates your bookmarks and tags with Firefox and keeps them in sync for easy , convenient access .
Clipmarks
Instead of copying and pasting links , Clipmarks is like adding a pair of scissors to your browser , letting you capture exactly what you want others to see ( text , images or video ) .
Your clips are saved on clipmarks.com and can easily be syndicated to FriendFeed , Twitter , Facebook or other sites .
Shareaholic
Shareaholic allows you to quickly share , bookmark , and e-mail web pages via a very wide array of your favorite web 2.0 social networking & bookmarking sites – such as Delicious , Digg , Facebook , Google Reader , MySpace , and StumbleUpon , without cluttering up your browser .
meebo
Get a sidebar with all of your buddies visible while you ’re browsing .
Get visual notifications when your friends IM you .
Drag and drop links and images from web pages right onto your friends !
Capture Fox
You can use this tool to capture firefox window or the whole screen and make screencast videos .
You can compose tutorials , e-lessons or videos .
You can also record your voice .
Read It Later 0.9821
Read
It Later allows you to save pages of interest to read later .
It eliminates cluttering of bookmarks with sites that are merely of a one - time interest .
Yahoo !
Toolbar
Use Yahoo !
and the web faster , safer , and easier with new mail notification , search suggestions , online bookmarks , free spyware scanning , and more …
ReminderFox
ReminderFox displays and manages lists of date - based reminders and ToDo’s .
ReminderFox does not seek to be a full - fledged calendar .
In fact , the target audience is anybody that simply wants to remember important dates ( birthdays , anniversaries , bills , etc ) without having to run a whole calendar application .
TinyUrl Creator
Easy shrink any long URL or link in the page to something you can email or Twitter using the TinyUrl service with a single click in your browser .
TwitterBar
Twitter Bar allows you to post to Twitter from Firefox ’s address bar .
A small unobtrusive grey icon sits to the right of your address bar ; clicking on it will post your tweet , and you can hover your mouse over it to see how many characters you have left .
According to one villager , Liu Shiduo , a young couple had been attacked with a rope on the evening of August 11 but had got away from their attackers and reported them to the police .
During the subsequent raids , one suspect revealed the operation .
The rest of the group was rounded up on the basis of his confession .
Iran , Qatar and Russia have agreed to form an OPEC - style organization for gas - exporting countries , Iran 's oil minister said Tuesday after a trilateral meeting in Tehran .
The move will give Russia a greater say in international sales of natural gas and comes on the same day that OPEC Secretary General Abdalla Salem El - Badri arrived in Moscow to meet government officials .
Observers ...
The last recession was mild .
The stock market and corporate profits tanked , but consumer spending -- long the major engine of the US economy -- danced merrily on through .
In recent decades , it has ever been thus : bearish analysts and strategists have been underestimating the voracious spending habits and resilience of the US consumer for 50 years .
Unfortunately , at risk of invoking the four most expensive words in the English language , " this time it 's different . "
This recession , to quote the great Julian Robertson , will be a " doozy . "
Why ?
Because the US consumer is finally broke .
For thirty years , we piled on debt and then spent almost every new penny we got .
This borrowing spree was made possible by a smorgasbord of no-money - down lending products and ever - appreciating asset prices .
Unfortunately , the situation has now changed .
The lenders who created those products have now been demolished , and asset prices are falling fast .
And this is leaving American consumers with no choice but to cut back .
A few exhibits :
US debt has risen from 163 % of GDP in 1980 to 346 % in 2007 .
Household debt , a subset of this , has risen from 50 % of GDP to 100 % .
( More on the debt explosion here )
Have we been dependent on this growing debt to finance our spending ?
You bet .
Analyst John Mauldin explained this week how growing consumer debt in the form of Mortgage Equity Withdrawals allowed consumer spending to power right on through the last recession ( What 's home - equity withdrawal ?
When your house price rises , you borrow more , keeping your debt to house - value percentage the same .
Then you spend these " earnings . " ) .
Thanks to the housing crash , consumers have less and less mortgage equity to withdraw , so this source of cash is rapidly disappearing .
As consumer net worth shrinks , other sources of financing -- credit cards , home equity loans , car loans , student loans , etc. -- will follow a similar path , and consumers will increasingly be limited to spending what they make .
A section John Mauldin 's weekly email below explains the Mortgage Equity Withdrawal trend and impact in detail .
Here are the two money shots :
First , take a look at GDP during the last recession as reported ( blue bars ) and after factoring out the impact of mortgage equity withdrawal ( red bars ) .
The bottom line : without that source of consumer cash , we would have had a nasty recession , and our growth would have been anemic since .
Second , here 's the current trend in mortgage equity withdrawals .
Sadly , no more cash where that came from .
Jeremy Grantham 's quarterly letter takes a more macro view .
Specifically , he explains the difference between the growth of an economy in which consumer debt is continually growing as a percent of GDP and one in which it is shrinking .
Jeremy 's bottom line is that household borrowing has added 1 point to annual consumer spending growth for the past 25 years .
It wo n't be doing that anymore .
Jeremy 's explanation of this effect is complex but important , so here it is :
We were all spending ... as if we were much richer than is in fact the case .
Particularly here in the U.S. , increasing household debt temporarily masked some of the pain from little or no increase in real hourly wages for 20 to 30 years .
Household debt since 1982 has added over 1 % a year to consumer spending .
Unfortunately , this net beneﬁt does not go on forever .
In the ﬁrst year in which you borrow 1 % of your income , the interest payment barely makes a dent and your spending is close to 101 % of your disposable income .
But each year you borrow an incremental 1 % , your interest load grows .
After 15 years or so in a world of an average 7 % interest rate , the interest on the accumulating debt fully offsets the new borrowing when one looks at consumers collectively .
Well , we in the U.S. are closer to a model of 30 years of borrowing an incremental 1 % , meaning that we passed through break - even years ago and now pay much more in interest than we borrow incrementally .
This is a situation favorable to an overfed ﬁnancial structure as long as everyone can and will pay their interest , but it is no longer beneﬁ cial to aggregate consumption compared with the good old - fashioned way of waiting until you had actually saved up to buy a TV set .
Indeed , a visitor from Mars examining two countries , one with accumulated consumer debt of 1.5 times GDP and the other with zero , would , I am sure , notice no difference except for the reduced number of consumer lending outlets .
This generally unfavorable picture gets worse when you consider that we are likely to have , for the next 10 years or so , a modest annual reduction in personal debt of , say , 0.5 % of gross income per year as well as a continued interest payment .
So the debt accumulation effect reverses as does the illusion of the wealth effect from overpriced stocks and
housing , especially the illusion of a decent accumulated
pension .
As we said two years ago ( embroidering on Buffett ) , when the tide of overpriced assets goes out , it will be revealed not only who is not wearing swimming shorts , but also who has a small pension !
Our silly joke has become a sick one in just two years .
This reversal of the illusory wealth effect added to deleveraging will be felt worldwide , but especially in theso - called Anglo - Saxon countries , and will be a permanently depressing feature of the next decade or so compared with the last decade .
It is indeed the end of an era .
Bottom line , the outlook for consumer spending over the next couple of years is lousy .
On a real ( inflation - adjusted basis ) , it went negative in Q3 for the first time in decades .
September 's awful retail sales suggest that the pain is just beginning .
See Also :
Grantham : Stock Market Could Still Drop 50 % , But I 'm Starting To Buy
Everything 's Going to Zero
US Consumers Are Broke
Excerpt from John Mauldin 's weekly email .
You can read more of the letter or sign up to receive it here .
Notice that in both 2001 and 2002 , the US economy continued to grow on an annual basis ( the " technical " recession was just a few quarters ) .
Their work suggests that this growth was entirely due to MEWs .
In fact , MEWs contributed over 3 % to GDP growth in 2004 and 2005 , and 2 % in 2006 .
Without US homeowners using their homes as an ATM , the economy would have been very sluggish indeed , averaging much less than 1 % for the six years of the Bush presidency .
Indeed , as a side observation , without home equity withdrawals the economy would have been so bad it would have been almost impossible for Bush to have won a second term .
Now let 's look at the update that James Kennedy posted last week to his numbers .
While he does not have an update to the chart above , we do have the actual numbers for new mortgage equity withdrawals through the second quarter of this year .
And what they show is MEWs simply withering on the vine .
The engine of our GDP growth has essentially been turned off .
Look at the fall in the numbers for yourself :
In 2005 there was almost $ 595 billion in mortgage extractions that went into some kind of consumer spending .
Remember , according to the graph above , that translated into a 3 % rise in GDP .
In 2007 , MEWs were down to $ 470 billion , for a boost of 2 % to GDP .
The second quarter of 2008 saw an anemic $ 9.5 billion .
At that run rate , we could see a drop - off of over 90 % from 2005 !
Now , think what the second quarter would have been without the federal stimulus program of $ 150 billion .
It might have looked and felt like this quarter !
While credit card growth has indeed risen to take up some of the " slack , " it is nowhere near the previous levels of MEWs .
With almost 20 % of American mortgages either now or soon to be " under water , " and because lending standards are tightening , it will be a long time before we see a significant upsurge in home equity withdrawals .
Whatever growth we see in the next few years will have to come from old - fashioned sources , like real productivity and reality - based lending .
Homeowner hallucinations are a thing of the past .
And for those of you who like to digest your numbers visually , here is the chart of the decrease in MEWs .
Economy The Finance Crisis in Eight Painful Steps By Ryan McGreal
Published September 25 , 2008
So why are all these financial institutions in crisis ?
Here 's what happened .
Step 1 : The Setup
Joe wanted to buy a house , so he went to a mortgage broker and asked for a mortgage .
His income was stagnant and his credit was n't very good and he did n't have a down payment , but he got a mortgage anyway : a no-doc , no -money - down mortgage on an adjustable interest rate with two years of " negative amortization " , meaning his monthly payments would be less than the minimum required to pay interest on the principal .
The broker found a bank who approved the mortgage and Joe signed it because house prices were increasing and it looked like they would go on increasing indefinitely ( the start of the bubble ) .
Pundits who ought to have known better were claiming that the old economic paradigm no longer applied and the market could grow forever .
Now multiply Joe by several million .
Step 2 : Mortgage Guarantees
The banks had another reason for approving these risky mortgages and home equity lines of credit .
The Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation ( Freddie Mac ) and the Federal National Mortgage Association ( Fannie Mae ) , both Government Sponsored Enterprises , were more than willing to guarantee over $ 5 trillion in risky mortgage debts , freeing the banks from obligation if the homeowners defaulted .
Other financial companies bought these mortgages off the banks , bundled them together in big blocks of securities , and sold them to still other financial companies on Wall Street .
Step 3 : Mortgage Backed Securities
The Wall Street investment houses did n't just buy these blocks of securities ( assuming that the homeowners at the end of the line would continue being able to make payments ) ; they bought them on margin .
That is , for every dollar they had to buy securities , they borrowed another twenty or thirty dollars and invested those , too .
Quite simply , there was very little fiduciary or regulatory oversight into whether these risky and in some cases highly exotic investments were a prudent investment .
The Fed was more interested in stimulating the economy with low interest rates ; the underwriting was done automatically ; the credit rating agencies were asleep ... and after the Savings and Loan bailout many executives just assumed that the government would step in again if any " too big to fail " companies ended up over their heads .
Step 4 : The Bubble Burst
Everyone who could remotely afford a house ( and many who clearly could not ) already owned one , so there were no new buyers to keep the bubble inflating .
Incomes had remained stagnant for several years but house prices had kept going up , so people were spending larger and larger proportions of their income on mortgage payments .
Many homeowners had used the rising values of their houses to borrow money against their home equity ( called home equity lines of credit ) , so the principal on their mortgages were actually going up , not down .
Net personal savings in the US fell to zero .
The introductory teaser rates on adjustable rate mortgages began to expire for many homeowners , causing their mortgage payments to jump .
Oil prices were also rising steadily , eating into scarce income through higher vehicle fuel prices and higher consumer good prices .
This put a further squeeze on homeowners who were already paying as much as they could afford on their mortgages .
Interest rates started rising in response to rising inflation from energy costs , a slowing economy and a dawning realization in financial markets that many investments were actually quite risky .
That caused mortgage payments to go up for everyone who was on an adjustable rate .
As demand for new houses dropped off , the prices of existing houses flattened and began to fall .
People suddenly found themselves carrying mortgages for more than their houses were worth .
All these financial pressures started to force some homeowners into foreclosure and bankruptcy .
This increased the supply of houses on the market as banks repossessed properties and tried to unload them , which further depressed housing prices .
Because much of the economic growth of the past several years was in the homebuilding industry , the collapse of demand for new houses threw more people out of work and slowed the economy further , which left more people vulnerable to foreclosing , which in turn fed back into the vicious cycle of falling house prices .
Step 5 : Subprime Exposure
Financial institutions that had invested heavily in subprime mortgage securities started to unravel .
The subprime sector was the most vulnerable because the people making payments at the end of the line were the most likely to foreclose .
One of the biggest early failures was the Bear Stearns investment bank , which declared bankruptcy after their subprime hedge funds were revealed to have lost nearly all their value .
Several Bear Stearns managers have been charged criminally for defrauding their investors about the risks of those funds .
At the time , Wall Street insisted that the financial crisis was confined to the Subprime sandbox and that it would n't effect other parts of the industry , but foreclosure rates were also increasing among prime mortgages as people on adjustable interest rates fell behind in their ability to keep making payments .
Step 6 : Socializing the Debt
Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae became insolvent .
Because they were stuck guaranteeing tens billions of dollars in defaulted mortgages and could no longer finance those debts with new mortgages ( since house sales had dropped off ) , they could no longer raise new capital .
The Federal Housing Finance Agency placed both entities into conservatorship under the FHFA , dismissing their boards and taking over their management .
The US Treasury effectively assumed over $ 4 trillion in mortgage backed securities and over $ 1 trillion in debt , adding this to the existing $ 9.5 trillion US public debt .
Step 7 : Mainstream Bankruptcies
Mainstream financial institutions started to unravel .
Organizations like Merrill Lynch and Lehman Brothers started to acknowledge that they , too , had gotten in on the act and invested billions of dollars in highly leveraged blocks of risky mortgage backed securities .
Suddenly these institutions discovered that their assets - the right to collect payments on those securities - were worth as little as pennies on the dollar compared to what they had borrowed and paid to buy them .
This crisis extended to banks and financial institutions in other sectors ( like AIG , an insurance company ) and other countries , particularly in Europe .
Lehman declared bankruptcy - the largest bankruptcy in American history with over $ 600 billion in corporate assets .
Merrill Lynch accepted a buyout offer from Bank of America .
AIG accepted an $ 85 billion Federal Reserve bailout after losing some 95 % of its stock value when its exposure to bad mortgage securities became known .
Step 8 : The Big Bailout
Financial institutions hold untold billions of dollars in mortgage backed securities that are effectively worthless , not only because so many of them have defaulted but also because everyone 's trying to unload them at the same time .
Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson insists that Congress has to approve $ 700 billion - chosen , according to a Treasury spokesperson , because it 's " a really large number " - for the US government to act as buyer of last resort and snap up huge amounts of those crappy , devalued securities at a premium price so the financial institutions do n't go bankrupt .
Paulson , a former CEO of Goldman Sachs , which stands to gain from the plan , warned that without a bailout , the financial sector itself could collapse entirely , throwing the economy into a deep , long - lasting recession and costing the government even more money in federally guaranteed bank deposits .
Under the Paulson plan , the government would end up owning up to $ 1 trillion in worthless securities and the financial institutions would return to solvency and profitability with those bad debts off the books .
The US Congress rejected the plan on the grounds that it essentially rewards the executives and boards of these corporations for their irresponsible and possibly even illegal management .
They are now adding conditions to the plan , including : limits on executive pay for the companies benefiting from the bailout ; more assistance for homeowners facing foreclosure ; government equity interest in the bailed out companies ; and judicial and congressional oversight including the right to audit .
Paulson insists the bailout is necessary to solve the financial crisis , but the Congressional Budget Office argues that it could actually cause the crisis to deepen by exposing still more insolvent corporate assets .
It remains to be seen exactly how it will look when Congress approves it , but some form of bailout seems inevitable at this point .
Ryan McGreal , the editor of Raise the Hammer , lives in Hamilton with his family and works as a programmer , writer and consultant .
Ryan volunteers with Hamilton Light Rail , a citizen group dedicated to bringing light rail transit to Hamilton .
Ryan wrote a city affairs column in Hamilton Magazine , and several of his articles have been published in the Hamilton Spectator .
His articles have also been published in The Walrus , HuffPost and Behind the Numbers .
He maintains a personal website , has been known to share passing thoughts on Twitter and Facebook , and posts the occasional cat photo on Instagram .
16 Comments Read Comments
Post a Comment
You must be logged in to comment .
Non-profit offers $ 100 k reward for info tying Rove to election rigging Andrew McLemore
Published : Friday October 3 , 2008
Print This Email
This A non-profit organization has offered a $ 100,000 reward to anyone who can supply information tying Republican strategist Karl Rove and computer expert Michael Connell to illegally manipulated elections , according to a Friday press release .
The group is called Velvet Revolution and is looking for evidence of criminal activity and Connell 's relationship with Rove .
Citing testimony from another technology expert named Stephen Spoonamore , Velvet Revolution accuses the Republican Party of rigging elections for years by using Connell to exploit electronic voting systems .
Spoonamore filed an affidavit warning that the coming presidential election will be stolen by the GOP unless it is exposed .
A colleague of Connell , Spoonamore gives evidence explaining Connell 's involvement with past election rigging .
" Mr. Connell is a devout Catholic , " Spoonamore wrote .
" He has admitted to me that in his zeal to ' save the unborn ' he may have helped others who have compromised elections . "
The statement by Spoonamore also ridicules the Diebold voting system as " riddled with exploitable errors . "
The system was created by Diebold Election Systems Inc. and has been used in several elections accused of illegal meddling .
Connell was subpoenaed September 22 to testify under oath in a federal lawsuit in Ohio regarding election rigging and vote manipulation in past elections as well as the upcoming presidential race , according to Raw Story .
He has refused to testify and tried to quash his subpoena .
Connell ran the Florida Government computer network during the presidential election of 2000 and the Ohio Secretary of State election computers during the presidential election of 2004 .
Attorney Cliff Arnebeck filed a motion in July to lift the stay on the 2004 Ohio election case in order to expedite investigations that could discover those responsible for the corruption and " protect the integrity of the 2008 election , " the Brad Blog reported .
" We anticipate Mr. Rove will be identified as having engaged in a corrupt , ongoing pattern of corrupt activities specifically affecting the situation here in Ohio , " Arnebeck said .
Rove is also suspected of connections to Connell in the wake of a scandal surrounding the firing of eight U.S. attorneys for political reasons , The Free Press reported .
The GOP strategist allegedly sent emails that detailed plans to dismiss the attorneys using the e-mail accounts set up by Connell .
Rove has also ignored a subpoena mandating he testify about his alleged role in the firings .
Velvet Revolution asks for all tips to be directed by phone at 1-888 - VOTE - TIP or at Web site velvetrevolution.us .
Correction :
The phone number for the phone tips line has been corrected in this version of the article .
( Natural News )
Air pollution produced by the burning of fossil fuels can drastically increase people 's risk of developing potentially fatal blood clots , according to a study conducted by researchers from the Harvard School of Public Health and published in the " We have known for some time that air pollution has been associated with increased risk of heart attack and stroke , " said Beverley Hunt , medical director of the nonprofit organization Lifeblood .
" This study shows for the very first time that air pollution also increases the risk of clots in the veins and tells us why .
"
In a condition known as deep vein thrombosis ( DVT ) , blood clots form in the legs .
In certain cases , these clots have been known to become dislodged and then travel to the lungs , where they can fatally block the flow of blood .
The risk of DVT is known to increase with long periods of immobility , such as on long - haul flights or from spending long hours at a desk without getting up .
Researchers compared levels of particulate air pollution around the dwelling places of 870 DVT patients and 1,210 people without the condition , all in the Lombardy region of Italy .
They found that for every 10 microgram per square meter increase in particulate concentration , a person 's risk of DVT increased by 70 percent .
The particulate matter in the study , only about one 40th the width of a human hair , is produced by the burning of fossil fuels , including in vehicle engines and power plants .
" Given the magnitude of the effects , our findings introduce a novel and common risk factor into the development of DVT , " lead researcher Andrea Baccarelli said .
" And , at the same time , they give further substance to the call for tighter standards and continued efforts aimed at reducing the impact of urban air pollutants on human health .
" Sources for this story include : news.bbc.co.uk , www.washingtonpost.com
John McCain ’s latest line in his interviews this morning is that at least his veep knows FDR never appeard on television .
Actually , he did .
First president who ever did , in 1939 , just to a pretty small audience .
Late Update :
In fairness , as TPM Reader DP points out , McCain was only 3 in 1939 .
So he probably does n’t remember .
The turmoil on Wall Street and the weakening economy are changing the contours of the presidential campaign map , giving new force to Senator Barack Obama ’s ambitious strategy to make incursions into Republican territory , while leading Senator John McCain to scale back his efforts to capture Democratic states .
Mr. Obama has what both sides describe as serious efforts under way in at least nine states that voted for President Bush in 2004 , including some that neither side thought would be on the table this close to Election Day .
In a visible sign of the breadth of Mr. Obama ’s aspirations , he is using North Carolina  a state that Mr. Bush won by 13 percentage points in 2004 , and where Mr. Obama is now spending heavily on advertisements  as his base to prepare this weekend for the debate on Tuesday .
By contrast , Mr. McCain is vigorously competing in just four states where Democrats won in 2004 : Pennsylvania and New Hampshire , followed by Wisconsin and Minnesota .
His decision last week to pull out of Michigan reflected in part the challenge that the declining economy has created for Republicans , given that they have held the White House for the last eight years .
But Mr. McCain ’s abrupt decision , which caught many members of his own party by surprise , also underlined the tactical political squeeze he finds himself in : by using his fund - raising advantage to compete in so many places , Mr. Obama has forced Mr. McCain to spend money to hold on in what had been viewed as safe Republican states , like Indiana and Missouri , while limiting Mr. McCain ’s ability to play offense on Democratic turf .
[ digg- reddit - me ] < sarcasm >
After 28 years of a Washington in which at least 2 of the 3 branches of government were controlled by Republicans and after 6 of the past 8 years , all 3 branches of government have been controlled by the Republicans – the speakers at the Republican convention yesterday declared that it was time for a change .
For , how can Washington be conservative if judges , on occasion , protect constitutional rights !
( Or as Mitt Romney says , in that classic totalitarian formulation : “ awards constitutional rights . ” )
If a Republican Congress working with a Republican President increases spending at a greater rate than any Democratic administration in history – then Washington must really be liberal !
And that massive deficit as a result of the huge increases in spending by Republicans and tax cuts to the largest companies and wealthiest individuals – those wily liberals must have snookered the Republicans into that as well .
Oh yes – those liberals are destroying the country .
It ’s time for a change – from one Republican administration to another !
As Gail Collins wrote :
Normally , in a democracy , the way you reform a party is by tossing it out of power until it learns its lesson and gets its act together .
But the McCain - Palin plan is to reform Republicanism by keeping Republicans in control of the White House and most of the powerful posts in the federal government .
That ’ll show them .
After 28 years of Republican rule , all they need is one more chance to get it right !</sarcasm >
Like Loading ...
If this torch goes out , you will literally die of dark fright .
Seriously .
This would never happen on BSG .
" Wait .... What ? "
" To be honest , the whole violating the Treaty of Algeron thing still does n't really bother me . "
" WAAAAALT !!! "
Comment Tell A Friend Print Format Save Article
A senior Iranian defense official said Wednesday that the country is producing a new generation of Saeqeh ( Thunderbolt ) jet fighters , the semi-official Fars news agency reported .
Majid Hedayat , the General Manager of Iran 's Aviation Industry Organization in the Defence Ministry , made the disclose in a speech on the sidelines of Kish Aviation Industry Exhibition in the country .
" The new generation of Saeqeh fighters enjoys more facilities and capabilities and also are domestically constructed , " Hedayat was quoted as saying .
" Other new military planes have also been constructed which will be employed for the naval patrolling purposes , " he added .
In Sptember last year , Iranian Air Force successfully tested the first generation of locally - built Saeqeh fighter which was climed to be adapted from reversed - engineered , modified ( twin- tail ) American F - 5 platforms .
Aiming at enhancing the defence capabilities , the country 's Armed Forces on Monday inaugurated a new naval base in the strategic port of Jask , east of the Strait of Hormuz in southern Iran .
The United States and its allies have accused Iran of trying to develop nuclear weapons under the cover of a civilian nuclear program , consistently refusing to rule out a possibility of military strikes against Iran .
Iran has denied the U.S. charges and insisted that its nuclear program is for peaceful purposes only .
Source : Xinhua
It will be a good day when the North Korean people can move on beyond this constant cycle of misery for the pleasure of one person .
The U.N. food agency has warned that millions of North Koreans could face starvation , but a South Korean official said Thursday that Seoul has not decided whether to respond to a request for food aid to the communist country .
Around 2.7 million people on North Korea ’s west coast will run out of food in October , the World Food Program said in a report released on Tuesday .
North Korea has relied on aid to help feed its 23 million people since natural disasters and mismanagement devastated its centrally controlled economy in the mid-1990s .
Famine is believed to have killed 2 million people .
The country ’s food shortage has worsened this year following devastating floods in 2007 .
The WFP also said the food shortages have especially affected urban households in areas with low industrial activity due to higher food prices , reductions in public food rations and lower employment .
The food shortage warning comes as the North has ratcheted up its hostile rhetoric against South Korea and its president amid fraying ties .
Overstock uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our site .
To consent , please continue shopping .
Learn More
The torrential rains of a single typhoon can bury tons of carbon in the ocean , two new studies suggest .
It 's Nature 's way of healing itself .
The findings help determine how much carbon that big storms have historically taken from the atmosphere and buried for thousands of years beneath the sea .
And more carbon could be buried by these storms if global warming increases their intensity and frequency , as some scientists have predicted .
Scientists have been looking at ways to store carbon to lower the levels of carbon dioxide building up in Earth 's atmosphere .
Scientists have long suspected that hurricanes and typhoons ( along with cyclones and tropical depressions , these are all versions of storm systems called tropical cyclones ) can cleanse the environment of a lot of carbon , because their rains sweep soil and plant material into rivers and then out to sea .
This effect is particularly significant for mountainous islands prone to frequent hits from tropical cyclones .
Two different groups of researchers took samples of the sediment in rushing river waters on Taiwan during Typhoon Mindulle , which hit the island in July 2004 .
One group , whose findings are detailed in the Oct. 19 issue of the journal Nature Geoscience , took sediment samples from the LiWu River , while the other group , whose work is detailed in the June 2008 issue of the journal Geology , sampled the Chosui River .
The Nature Geoscience study , funded by The Cambridge Trusts and the UK National Environmental Research Council , found that 80 to 90 percent of the organic carbon ( in the form of soil and plants ) eroded by the storms around the LiWu were transported along the river to the ocean .
By dangling one - liter plastic bottles over the Chosui River during the typhoon , the researchers of the Geology study found that 61 million tons of sediment washed out to sea from the river .
The amount of carbon contained in that sediment is about 95 percent as much as the river transports during normal rains over the entire year .
That works out to more than 400 tons of carbon washing away during the storm for each square mile of the watershed , the researchers reported .
Their work was funded by the U.S. National Science Foundation .
The carbon in the soil and plants came from carbon dioxide from the atmosphere .
When the storm washes the sediment out to sea , it can sink down to the deep ocean , where it will eventually compact and form rocks that can store that carbon for millions of years .
And if typhoons and hurricanes do become more intense or frequent , as some models have indicated , the burial of carbon in the ocean from storm runoff could counteract some part of the warming , by locking the carbon away in the deep ocean , the researchers of the Nature Geoscience study said .
But typhoon runoff is not a cure - all for the carbon dioxide that 's been building up in the Earth 's atmosphere .
Not enough carbon is washed down either as plant material and soil or by chemical weathering of rocks ( where carbon dioxide and water disintegrate rock ) to get rid of all the extra carbon dioxide that has built up in the atmosphere .
" You 'd have to weather [ and erode ] all the volcanic rocks in the world to reduce the CO2 back to pre-industrial times , " said Anne Carey of Ohio State University and a member of the Geology study team .
Understanding how typhoon runoff fits into the Earth 's carbon cycle could help sharpen climate change models , though .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Earlier this week , Ridelust posted this absurd article about how to deal with cops if you get pulled over .
The article talks about your rights , the fifth amendment , what a cop is and is not allowed to do , and it has a handy little video and everything .
It was pathetic .
My problem with Ridelust 's guide is that it 's so academic and by - the - book that it feels detached .
Ridelust comes from a place of theory , I come from a place of experience .
To date , I have been pulled over 9 times while driving , twice while walking , and once while sitting in a park . *
So , while Ridelust 's guide might work on a Theoretical Level of how the worldshould be , my guide works on a Real Level of how the world is .
Below is the true guide to dealing with cops as well as a neat little section dedicated to debunking several famous cop myths .
Enjoy , my lawless readers !
Getting Pulled Over
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
How to Talk to a Cop
When you see the familiar lights of a police car flashing in your rear view mirror , your immediate instinct is going to be speed up and try to lose him .
Resist this urge .
( Unless , of course , you 're pretty sure you can beat him . )
Instead , pull over to the side of the road slowly .
Traditionally , cops like to make you wait when they pull you over .
According to a recent scientific study , it 's because they 're assholes .
While they 're sitting in their car , making you wait , take the time to inspect the inside of your car .
Is your seat belt on tight ?
Tighten it up !
Is your radio on ?
Turn the volume down and switch it to a soothing , non-incriminating station .
Do you have any provocative photographs of the police officer 's wife proudly displayed on your dashboard ?
Discreetly place them in your glove compartment , or down the front of your pants .
Once all of these " Trouble Spots " are taken care of , you 're ready to face the officer .
Choose your words carefully .
How you speak to a cop is extremely important .
You do n't want to sound aggressive , or angry , because anything that a cop interprets as " hostile " can be grounds for any number of charges he can add on .
Cops
By Peter Bauer
Contributing Editor
Here are a few closing thoughts about the debate tonight ( in no real order ) .
1. John McCain said " My Friend " 247 times .
2 . When asked if Russia was an Evil Empire ( yes or no ) , John McCain said " maybe . "
3. Obama references Kennedy only slightly less than often than McCain name drops Reagan .
4. McCain changed the wording from " Bailout " to " Rescue " regarding The Wall Street bill .
5 . The town hall formate made McCain look like Cotton from King of the Hill .
6 . War with Iran is still on the table for Obama .
7 . When asked to put priorities in order , McCain said we should work on all of them at once while Obama put them in order .
8. Obama continues to frame the energy independence issue as one of national security .
9. McCain once again said Obama " did n't understand " to which Obama retorted that he did n't understand how McCain could support invading a country that had nothing to do with 9/11 .
10 . McCain 's joke that he might someday need hair plugs drew zero laughs .
11 . " What do n't you know , and how will you learn it ? " is a lame , circular question with no real answer .
We 're less than a month away from election day .
Vote , dammit !
By DANNY PENMAN
Last updated at 09:25 18 February 2008
The crowd roars its approval as the chestnut stallion sinks his teeth into the throat of his opponent .
The terrified victim rears up on his hind legs and veers away in a desperate bid to escape , but it is no use .
Blood is pouring into his eyes and he can no longer see .
His right ear is torn and bloody .
Scroll down for more ...
Fight club : Goaded into a frenzy by a mare who is ' in season ' and chained nearby for up to six hours , stallions battle for ' sport ' in the Philippines
The bigger horse moves in for the coup de grace , repeatedly kicking the weaker animal in the head with his front hooves .
His opponent soon collapses and lies panting on the ground , an all too typical end to one of the most horrific spectator ' sports ' ever devised - horse - fighting tournaments .
But that has n't stopped them becoming hugely popular in the Philippines , where these appalling pictures were taken .
The images are deeply disturbing , but the Mail believes they must be seen .
" These tournaments are truly barbaric , " says Andrew Plumbly of the welfare group Network for Animals , which has been campaigning to bring an end to the savage contests .
Scroll down for more ...
These scenes in the town of Don Carlos involved 54 horses , many of which had gruesome injuries
" Our vets have seen horses being kicked in the head so hard that their eyes have popped out of their sockets .
Other horses have had their ears ripped off .
It 's straight out of the Middle Ages . "
Horse - fighting occurs almost exclusively in Mindanao in the southern Philippines , and in parts of China .
The horrific tournament captured in our photographs happened in the town of Don Carlos and involved 54 horses , many of which had gruesome injuries .
Thousands of people turned out to watch the bloodbath , including hundreds of children .
Many of the adults were drunk and spent their time gambling and jeering at the battling animals .
Though horses do not normally fight one another , these stallions had been whipped into a fighting frenzy by the presence of a young mare who was " in season " and had been staked to the ground in the middle of the muddy arena .
Overwhelmed by desire , the stallions attacked each other in a bid to defeat their sexual rivals .
Scroll down for more ...
Wounded horses are often killed for their meat and the choicest cuts barbecued and sold to the crowd
Many were soon covered in gashes and bites .
Others limped around the arena with a glazed look in their eyes as they pathetically tried to escape .
The tournament was equally traumatic for the mare used as " bait " for the stallions .
Not only was she repeatedly hit by stray blows from the duelling horses , but the poor creature was also obliged to mate with the victorious stallions from each " bout " , meaning that she was mounted as many as 30 times during one tournament which can last up to six hours .
" Horses often die in the ring from exhaustion or their injuries , " says Mr Plumbly , who has witnessed one such tournament .
Veterinary care is too expensive for most owners to bother with , so wounded horses are often killed for their meat and the choicest cuts barbecued and sold to the crowd .
A similar fate awaits those horses deemed too old or too weak to fight .
These are " sacrificed " by pitting them against much stronger stallions .
Some break their legs as they desperately try to escape .
But the bloodier the injuries , the louder the crowd cheers .
Although horse - fighting is illegal in the Philippines , corruption and lack of enforcement ensure that the tournaments continue - and with apparent official sanction .
Matches are featured on TV , and local businesses sponsor horses and tournaments .
Local authorities offer prize money .
The tournaments are promoted as a " cultural tradition " , but in fact they are largely organised and controlled by crime syndicates , who rake in huge profits from gambling .
Thousands of pounds are bet on each fight - a small fortune in a desperately poor country such as the Philippines .
Scroll down for more ...
The tournaments are promoted as a ' cultural tradition ' , but in fact they are largely organised and controlled by crime syndicates
Network for Animals wants to build clinics to treat injured horses and to educate local people about caring for animals .
It is also encouraging tourists to avoid the southern Philippines .
" If people want to help stop these tournaments they should write to the embassy in London and tell them that they will not visit these islands , " says Mr Plumbly .
" The threat of a loss of tourism money will help bring this despicable blood sport to an end . "
( Reuters )
Updated : 2007-02-08 11:18
The 11th of every month in Beijing is to be " voluntarily wait in line " day as the city attempts to eradicate queue - jumping before next year 's Olympics , a city official said on Wednesday .
Passengers wait in line to get on the bus in Beijing .
The 11th of every month in Beijing is to be " voluntarily wait in line " day as the city attempts to eradicate queue - jumping before next year 's Olympics , a city official said Feb.7,2007.[cnsphoto ]
Orderly queues are a rare sight in a city which is also hard at work trying to put an end to spitting and littering and present a more " civilised " face to the world in 2008 .
" The reason for establishing such a day is to mobilise the Beijing population to ensure that where there are more than two people , they should wait in line , " said Zhang Huiguang , director of the Capital Ethic Development Office .
" We are hoping to enlist all the citizens of Beijing to be missionaries of civilisation , " she added .
The campaign will be launched in the fashionable Wangfujing shopping district on Sunday under the slogan , " It 's civilised to queue , it 's glorious to be polite " .
A range of measures include enlisting the support of the media , education campaigns , the use of model citizens , legislation , " punishment and reward schemes " as well as a slogan for each city district .
The western district of Xicheng has " Voluntarily wait in line , be polite and put other people first " , central Dongcheng has " I care about and participate in the Olympics and set an example by queuing " while northwestern Haidian has simply " I am a member of the queue " .
The existing campaigns against littering and spitting in the capital had already reaped dividends , Zhang said , with 50 yuan ( $ 6.45 ) fines only part of the city 's armoury .
" The most important thing is not the amount of the fine but in China , where saving face is so important , just the shame of being fined , " she said .
" Random garbage disposal and spitting are not good for people 's health and so we must point out the hazards to them , " Zhang added .
" We must also tell them that this sort of behaviour is something we should be ashamed off . "
China 's " Mr Olympics " , He Zhenliang , said last year that " the rude bus passenger " or " witness to an accident that fails to lend a hand " were the biggest obstacles to hosting an impressive Games .
Zhang said that a " Civic Index " drawn up by Renmin University had indicated an improvement of behaviour among the city 's 15 million citizens from 65.21 percent in 2005 to 69.06 last year .
" I 'm confident that by next year ... with the help of the Beijing people , the situation will be much improved and the number of people littering and spitting will be much reduced , " she said .
The Protestant Rome Luther City Revisits the Reformation
Martin Luther sparked the Protestant Reformation in the German city of Wittenberg 500 years ago .
But , today , only 10 percent of its population is Protestant .
Church leaders have launched a major drive to change that -- but have come up against the city 's communist past .
The UN says about 200,000 people have fled the area since August Rebels fighting government troops in the Democratic Republic of Congo have captured a major army camp in the east of the country , UN peacekeepers say .
The rebels have also taken control of the headquarters of Virunga national park , home to some of the world 's last remaining mountain gorillas .
Clashes between the supporters of renegade general Laurent Nkunda and the army are continuing .
Residents are fleeing the area as the army attempts to recapture the base .
About 200,000 people have fled their homes since fighting resumed in the area in late August .
This is the second time Gen Nkunda 's supporters - who say they are protecting the area 's Tutsi minority - have taken control of the Rumangabo camp .
They defeated about 1,500 troops there three weeks ago .
Heritage site UN peacekeepers deployed in the region say fighting between government troops and the rebels is continuing as the army attempts to recapture the camp .
An unknown number of rebels , government soldiers and civilians have been killed .
The fighters have also taken control of the headquarters of Virunga National Park , home to some of the world 's last remaining mountain gorillas and a Unesco World Heritage Site .
" The seizure of our Park Headquarters at Rumangabo by rebels is unprecedented , even in all the years of conflict in the region , " said Park Director Emmanuel de Merode , adding that the conflict on the ground is " chaotic and dangerous " .
Over 50 of the park 's rangers have been forced to flee into the forests .
" When the rebels started approaching the park station we thought we were all going to be killed , " Park Ranger Bareke Sekibibi , 29 , was quoted as saying in a statement .
" We are not military combatants , we are Park Rangers protecting Virunga 's wildlife , " he added .
Ten mountain gorillas from Virunga were killed in 2007 Virunga , which borders Uganda and Rwanda , accommodates 200 of the last remaining 700 mountain gorillas in the world .
The mountain gorillas are an endangered species .
The statement said the Gorilla Sector was attacked repeatedly in 2007 during which 10 mountain gorillas were killed .
Starving Eastern DR
Congo is facing a humanitarian crisis , with more than a million people displaced by repeated waves of fighting between rebel groups and the Congolese military .
The United Nations says many of those who fled are malnourished and some are dying of hunger .
The UN has some 17,000 peacekeepers in DR Congo and despite intervening to try to keep the two sides apart , they have failed to halt the violence .
A peace deal was signed in Goma at the end of January between the government and various rebel groups .
Although he signed the deal , Gen Nkunda he has always refused to disarm while Rwandan Hutu rebels still operate in the area .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Bush 's stupid , brutish ways have made the U.S. more hated than ever ... and it's cost McCain the election
Thumbs up :
Her supporters love her , and bristle at ideas that Sarah Palin is not ready for the White House
Meet the losers .
Take a look at the shrinking band of unhappy , even embittered Americans who plan to vote for John McCain and Sarah Palin next week .
There were 5,000 of them gathered outside a local school for a Republican rally in Belton , Missouri , one night last week .
These are simple people , most of them decent people , some also angry people .
They believe that their party alone offers the kind of government which America needs .
It really hurts them that so many millions of their fellow - countrymen now think differently .
With or without her $ 150,000 sartorial make - over , they love their vice - presidential candidate maybe even more than McCain .
' She 's awesome - somebody I can really associate myself with , ' said a young computer store owner .
Two electrical contractors from nearby Greenwood bristled defensively when I asked them about Palin .
They had assumed - not wrongly - that I was a smart - assed foreigner who did not think much of Alaska 's governor .
' What 's wrong with her ? ' demanded one man defiantly .
' Are you against her because she owns guns ?
Is it because she 's a woman ?
Is it because she 's a Christian conservative who says what she thinks ? '
No , I said , some of us are just scared that she does n't have the brains or experience to be President .
' She got more of them than Obama , ' said one of the Greenwood party 's wives .
' I 'm scared of Obama .
He 's a socialist . '
These people passionately opposed the U.S. government bail - out of Wall Street banks .
One man said : ' We 've got banks down here which have been conservatively managed , and they are just fine and have drawerfuls of money .
' Why should they and their customers pay for the New York ones which have screwed up ?
This country would do just fine if government stayed out of our business , got off our backs . '
The school field around us was a sea - though only a little sea , compared with the crowds which turn out for Barack Obama - of people and placards : ' A Real Hero ' and ' Country First ' .
' Drill , Baby , Drill ' ( referring to McCain 's populist pledge to recommence offshore oil drilling ) ,
Obama - mania :
The candidate address a sea of fans last Wednesday
These people are deeply sensitive , first , to the reality that if the polls are right , their team is about to be beaten into the ground ; and second , to sneers from East Coast city slickers who do not appreciate the values that made America great in the way that McCain and Palin do .
' Is this the time to raise taxes for Americans ? ' demanded the South Carolina senator who introduced the presidential candidate .
' No ! ' shouted the obedient crowd .
' Do you want a President you can believe in ? '
' Yes ! '
Then McCain himself appeared , much smaller than I had expected , clasping his hands like a benign , slightly apologetic old clergyman .
' I'm going to realise the American dream - that 's my first priority , ' he told his eager audience , prompting the first of many easy cheers .
' I 'm not going to spend billions of your money to bail out Wall Street bankers .
It 's another government giveaway , and we do n't need any more of those . '
There were fresh cheers , then they chanted ' U - S - A , U - S - A ' .
There was more applause for the Republicans ' campaign icon , Joe the Plumber ( the everyman American worker he has been using to hammer home his economic plans ) .
John McCain speaks to his supporters in Iowa
McCain said : ' An attack on him is an attack on small businesses all over the country .
Senator Obama says he plans to spread the wealth around - he is more interested in getting your piece of the pot than growing the pot . '
That drew boos , as did every mention of taxes , taxes , taxes - things rural Republicans hate more even than abortion rights or gun control .
Local voters in Missouri and Virginia have received a McCain flier through their mailboxes , showing a plane about to crash into a building full of people .
' Terrorists do n't care who they hurt , ' says the caption .
Then , over the page , it reads : ' Barack Obama Thinks Terrorists Just Need A Good Talking To . '
That is how nasty this election has got , in these its last days .
But it is most unlikely to be nasty enough to stop Obama getting to the White House .
A host of thoughtful Republicans recoils from the crude rhetoric , the bitter taste left by the past eight Bush years , and from what their own party has become .
In Lawrence , a university town 30 miles outside Kansas City , I met Rob Chestnut , an accountant who serves as a city councillor .
He is a lifelong Republican , but takes an unusually clear - sighted view of his nation 's attitude to the coming recession .
' We want a magic bullet , ' he says .
' Nobody wants to hear about what needs to be done .
Nobody wants to face the fact that we all have to take a step back , and it 's going to hurt . '
With uncommon wisdom , Chestnut says that everybody shares responsibility for the credit crunch : ' We did it .
All of us did it .
We elected those people who failed to regulate the system .
We borrowed all that money . '
Chestnut will vote for Obama on November 4 .
Though he disagrees with his social policies , he says : ' I think the Republican Party 's all out of ideas - I see it becoming very shrill . '
His wife , Micki , a writer , says her parents in St Louis , Missouri , are shocked and angry that she , too , is supporting Obama .
They 're not racists .
They just say : ' Who is this man ?
Where does he come from ?
We do n't know anything about him .
He 's a dreamer who is going to fall on his ideas . '
She will vote for Obama anyway .
So too , more surprisingly , will retired car dealer Ed Fleetwood , whom I met at the McCain rally in Belton .
Another veteran Republican , he voted for Bush twice and thinks Ronald Reagan was America 's greatest modern President .
He switched to Obama when McCain chose Palin as his running - mate .
Fleetwood says : ' That was very , very unwise . '
It 's a knock - out :
Two weeks to go and only one can win
So badly have the Republicans handled this campaign and , indeed , their recent governance of America that they have herded themselves into a corner .
In their intolerance and aggressive religious fervour , they have pushed out of their own ranks most voters with minds , or with a shred of liberal social conscience , or who realise that however little they like government and taxes , they need these things , especially in a global financial crisis .
McCain has still got the support of the God nuts .
These include , dismayingly , many senior U.S. Army officers .
For years , the U.S. Air Force has been a stronghold of Christian evangelicalism .
American soldiers , alas , have caught the same disease .
Many battalion staff meetings now start with prayers .
Few ambitious career officers dare refuse to sign up for the Christian agenda .
Most of them are solid for John McCain .
Yet there are nowhere near enough soldiers , or evangelicals , or rich oil men to get this increasingly beleaguered old warhorse into the White House .
Pollsters point out that the Republicans made a big mistake by plugging Sarah Palin 's folksy values .
Fewer than 10 per cent of Americans today live in small towns .
To put it bluntly , the Republicans have become the party of America 's stupid people .
That is not abusive , but a statement of fact .
Most of the whites who will vote for McCain next week are demographically among the nation 's least - educated : rednecks ; drivers of big , tough pick - up trucks with flags on the hoods ; Johnny Cash fans ; and deer hunters .
Sure , in upmarket city suburbs there are still some McCain / Palin boards up , among people who simply vote with their wallets .
In the Bush years , the Republicans have justified their reputation as the party which looks after rich people .
But a shrewd political reporter said to me : ' The real fault line in America is no longer geographical , between north and south , the middle and the coasts ; it 's educational . '
Lawyers now back the Democrats by 4 to 1 ; with doctors , it is 2 - 1 ; investment bankers , 2 - 1 ; executives in hightech businesses , 5 - 1 .
The blunt , happy truth is that today there are not enough dumb people in the United States to elect John McCain and his hockey mom Veep .
A formidable majority of Americans perceive that George W. Bush 's pretty brutish presidency has been a disaster .
They are painfully conscious that he has made America more widely disliked in the world than at any time since Vietnam .
Laura Bush said smugly , soon after she and George W. arrived in the White House from Texas , that they had not come to Washington to make new friends .
They have not done so .
George W. Bush : Max Hastings believes it is his ' toxic legacy ' which has done for McCain 's presidential campaign
Now , the stupid people and their President have had their turn .
Americans are ready for a dramatic change of tone .
They perceive that only Barack Obama can give it to them .
In an extraordinary fashion , Obama , dismissed by most pundits only eight months ago as a no-hoper , has emerged as a superstar .
He is a seriously clever man with remarkable experience of the world if not of government , author of the finest and most thoughtful politician 's autobiography in decades , Dreams Of My Father .
He has scarcely made a mistake in this campaign .
He will inherit the presidency amid one of the gravest crises to strike Western society in modern times .
He will face awesome challenges .
Yet today , on the threshold of the election , the rest of us seem entitled to a share in the huge excitement with which he has imbued most of the American people .
Obama may become the most powerful man in the world
They see their country about to do something amazing .
This black man , who has come from nowhere in less than a decade , who was still a smalltime Chicago politician when Gordon Brown started as Chancellor of the Exchequer , looks like becoming President of the greatest society on earth .
If he wins , it will be a wonderful day for mankind , as well as for the American people ; and especially , of course , for their black minority .
On a plane from the mid-west to Washington , I talked to David Hutchinson , a 39 - year - old black American businessman for whom Obama 's victory will be ' a very big thing for a family like mine ' .
Hutchinson 's father went from South Side Chicago , where Obama worked for years , into the U.S. Army as an artillery officer .
Part of the Hutchinson family folklore , retailed to the children from their infancy , were his tales of segregation in the southern states in the Sixties .
Before the young lieutenant left for service in Vietnam , even when travelling in uniform to parachute jump school , he was told : ' You get to the back of the train , boy . '
Now , according to his son David , his father 'is looking to see something happen that he and my mother dreamed of , but never thought they would see in their lifetimes - an African American in the White House ' .
I asked Hutchinson how he himself would feel if Obama lost .
' Pretty bad .
I think there would be rioting in some cities . '
The choice before Americans on Tuesday next week is more stark than most of us would have imagined possible a few months ago .
If , by some implausible twist of fate , Americans turn back to McCain , they would vote for more of the same - bungled economics , breaks for the rich , blundering foreign policy , perverted religion and foolish folksy values , a moral arrogance which has led America in to military quagmires abroad .
If instead - and thankfully most likely - they choose Obama , they will take a soaring leap into the unknown .
Electing him will be the bravest thing the American people have done for many a long day .
The world is holding its breath , full of fervent hopes that they will not lose their nerve .
Edmunds.com , which released an analysis saying that about 60 vehicles in the new - vehicle market now cost over $ 100 to fill up , also gave an update on how gas prices are grabbing more of consumers ’ incomes .
Edmunds says the median household is spending 11.5 % of its income on gasoline , up from 4.6 % of its income five [… ]
Gaming has long been the domain of nerds and geeks .
For many years , gamers were painted as ostracized , antisocial , self - loathing recluses who were incapable of making meaningful human contact , instead delving deep into imaginary digital worlds to escape reality .
But that stereotype is quickly changing as more and more people start to game , and a new study goes as far as claiming that gamers are " more social , more active , and more valuable as consumers " than non-gamers .
Together with IGN Entertainment , Ipsos MediaCT published the study entitled " Are You Game ? " .
The work draws results from a two - phase study which began with a quantitative overview of gaming earlier this year in US households and then more intimate , qualitative , person - by - person research through means such as focus groups and in - home interviews in the Los Angeles area .
To tackle the study , the research team first had to define what a gamer was .
The team broke gamers apart into a number of different labelled groups , including the likes of " Traditional Core " and " Weekend Warriors " to more modern collectives such as " Family 3.0 , " which embodies the connected families that game casually together , and " Social Troopers , " which covers those who game for social stimulus and seek out others to play with in all circumstances .
Here are some of noteworthy findings of the study :
55 percent of gamers polled were married , 48 percent have kids , and new gamers – those who have started playing videogames in the past two years — are 32 years old on average
More than 75 percent of videogamers play games with other people either online or in person
More than 47 percent of people living in gaming households saying that videogames were a fun way to interact with other family members
37 percent of gamers said friends and family relied upon them to stay up - to - date about movies , TV shows and the latest entertainment news , compared to only 22 percent for nongamers
39 percent of gamers said that friends and family rely upon them to stay up - to - date about the latest technology
In terms of hard dollars , the average gaming household income ( $ 79,000 ) is notably higher than that of nongaming households ( $ 54,000 ) , but the value of the gamer as a marketing target can be seen in a variety of ways
Gamers are 13 percent more likely to go out to a movie , 11 percent more
likely to play sports , and 9 percent more likely to go out with friends than
nongamers
likely to play sports , and 9 percent more likely to go out with friends than nongamers Gamers are twice as likely as nongamers to buy a product featuring new technology even if they are aware that there are still bugs
Gamers are also twice as likely as nongamers to pay a premium for the newest technology on the market
Gamers also consume media in different ways than nongamers , with hardcore gamers spending five more hours on the Internet , two more hours watching television and two more hours listening to music than nongamers per week
And the counterintuitive kicker :
Gamers are twice as likely to go out on dates as nongamers in a given month
" Based on the research , it 's obvious that the gaming market has outgrown many commonly held stereotypes about the relative homogeneity of video gamers , " said Adam Wright , Director of Research for Ipsos MediaCT .
" Today 's gamers represent a wide variety of demographic groups : men and women , kids , parents and grandparents , younger and older consumers .
All this underscores the fact that gaming has become a mainstream medium in this country that appeals to people from all walks of life . "
Many would contend that the stereotype that gamers are shut-ins has become archaic these days and Ipsos ' study demonstrates admirably that the times are changing ( well , except for MMO players .
We kid . )
While the survey was of course paid for by a company that primarily prospers from video games in IGN , and a few of the stats ( particularly those with regard to income ) are questionable , there 's no question that gaming has very much become more a social activity than a solitary one .
The majority of games today ship with some form of multiplayer , and games without a multiplayer element often sell poorly — even when the game is extremely good otherwise .
With cooperative gaming and online multiplayer on the rise , this is a trend that does n't seem to be wavering , either .
That said , when chatting someone up at the club , it 's probably best to save boasts about your epic mount for later .
Apparently , sexism pays , said Kate Devlin in the British daily The Telegraph .
“ Men who believe a woman ’s place is in the home earn thousands more per year than their less traditionally minded male colleagues , ” according to a University of Florida study .
And the “ macho ” pay gap works in reverse on women , with feminists earning more than other women .
It ’s bad enough that men in blue - collar jobs get rewarded for having “ dominant masculine views , ” said Dr. Toni Brayer in EmaxHealth , but why should women in the workplace receive “ less pay ” just because they value the role of homemaker ?
There ’s no excuse for this , especially in a world where most families need two incomes to survive .
It ’s no secret that women earn less than men who do the same work , said Shankar Vedantam in The Washington Post .
But this study , published in the Journal of Applied Psychology , is the first evidence that “ men might be victims , ” too , and that the “ widely discussed pay gap ” is actually “ a gap between men with a traditional outlook and everyone else . ”
The bailout , the wars , and unplanned domestic spending will all help to leave a gaping hole in America 's budget — a hole that the next president must fill .
| Composite image by POLITICO
Bush binges ; his successor will pay
Barack Obama says a John McCain victory would amount to a third term of the Bush presidency .
What he does n’t say : an Obama victory would , too .
While both nominees love to talk about their big agendas for change , whoever wins will take office with his obligations defined and options constrained by what Bush dumps on his lap .
Advertisement
The focus right now – and probably for many months to come – is the bailout binge aimed at saving our financial system .
All told , the government will likely put more than $ 1 trillion on the line ( with hope that the money will be recouped down the road ) .
Then there are the two wars , in Iraq and Afghanistan .
Their combined cost is fast approaching $ 1 trillion , too – and both will eat up the time and budgets of the next president .
Then there is also the prescription drug benefit Bush added to Medicare .
It carries a projected price tag of nearly $ 700 billion over 10 years and serves as a powerful reminder of how big – untenably big , many experts say – our entitlement programs have grown .
None of that spending was cooked into the federal budget when Bush took office eight years ago , leaving a budgetary hole almost too deep to comprehend .
It will tie the hands of President McCain or President Obama in ways neither candidate has reckoned with yet on the campaign trail .
“ It ’s really a federal fiscal catastrophe in coming years , ” says Chris Edwards of the Cato Institute , a libertarian - oriented think tank .
“ With all this stuff coming up now , it ’s massive , big decisions the next president is going to have to make . ”
As the candidates debate the nuances of their health care plans or tax cuts , consider :
How can you cut taxes when the government is so deep in the red ?
The budget deficit was projected to top $ 400 billion – and that was before the bailout .
How can you expand health care coverage when the country is broke ?
The federal debt is now expected to top $ 11 trillion by 2010 .
How can you focus on “ earmarks ” and “ waste ” when everyone knows they make up a meaningless fraction of the federal budget ?
How you tackle spending without a serious discussion of serious cuts to Medicare and Social Security , which account for 43.5 percent of federal spending ?
How can you focus on anything but war , when you inherit two conflicts with outcomes that are very much in doubt ?
( U.S commanders say the war in Afghanistan is going worse then ever and will require many more troops to win . )
A lesson of the Bush binge is the awesome weight of the choice for president .
His eight years of surprises show that you never know exactly what you ’re voting for .
He ran as a compassionate conservative who promised to practice a humble foreign policy and to restrain domestic spending .
Instead , he launched two big wars and oversaw the biggest expansion of federal government in history .
He was obviously shaped by big events : the terrorist attack of Sept. 11 , 2001 , and now the meltdown of the nation ’s financial structure .
They serve as a powerful reminder that what candidates say during these campaigns usually is n’t the best guide to how they will govern in office .
In Friday 's debate , the candidates paid only glancing attention to the fiscal state of the nation they will run .
There was virtually no talk about rising Medicare costs or the fiscal fallout of running two wars .
Both candidates continue to talk about their plans as if it 's 2000 .
McCain even said in a CNBC interview last week that he thinks he can still deliver on his promise to extend the Bush tax cuts and balance the budget in his first term .
Good luck .
Obama seems to be catching on .
In a companion CNBC interview , he suggested he would be able to stick to his plans for spending on health care , education , energy , middle - class tax cuts and the environment .
But in a later conversation on NBC ’s “ Today ” show , he acknowledged that in light of the Wall Street package , he would n’t be able to do everything right away ( which of course you ca n’t anyway , since the agenda has to go through Congress ) .
Now , Obama says he ’ll seek to phase in his plans , though he offers little detail .
So Bush ’s legacy is not just his own .
He has also written an expensive , painful opening chapter for the next guy .
Alexander Burns contributed to this story .
‘ Tis the season to start trimming – your budget , that is , and not just your tree .
A November 2013 Gallup poll found that while the average American originally expected to spend around $ 786 on the holidays back in October , that number is now down to $ 704 .
While it ’s true that the general public might have a little less to spend , that reduction is also indicative of the changing mindset of spending as a whole .
Consumers with big eyes are now wary of a volatile market and , consequently , of putting too much of the holiday season on plastic .
This means more restricted budgets .
By saving and spending wisely , your holiday season does n’t have to be a total budget - buster .
Follow the lead of the average American and try trimming your expenditures without sacrificing any of the holiday experience .
Spending and Saving During the Holidays
Before you hit the mall or organize a big party , it can help to have a comprehensive plan in place so you know exactly where your money is going this holiday season – that way , you can ring in the new year with celebration rather than panic .
Here are several ways to keep your spending under control this December .
1. Make a Budget
There are a couple different ways to set a holiday budget .
You might want to establish a general spending cap , or try allocating a specific amount to each person on your gift list .
Be aware , though , that while making a holiday budget is great , it can go sour in one of two ways :
Setting a Budget That ’s Too Tight .
While setting a tight budget always starts with good intentions , an unrealistic one can do more harm than good .
Without a little wiggle room for last - minute purchases or enough cash allocated for your mom ’s gift , you can end up very frustrated .
In fact , you might get so frustrated that you just toss your budget out the window .
To prevent this from happening , look over your numbers .
Do you really need to spend $ 50 on wine , or can you cut back in order to allocate more money to gifts instead ?
Do n’t just pick numbers out of thin air – really think things over to ensure that you make the right decisions .
.
While setting a tight budget always starts with good intentions , an unrealistic one can do more harm than good .
Without a little wiggle room for last - minute purchases or enough cash allocated for your mom ’s gift , you can end up very frustrated .
In fact , you might get so frustrated that you just toss your budget out the window .
To prevent this from happening , look over your numbers .
Do you really need to spend $ 50 on wine , or can you cut back in order to allocate more money to gifts instead ?
Do n’t just pick numbers out of thin air – really think things over to ensure that you make the right decisions .
Forgetting the Little Things .
Gift giving is a huge expense during the holidays , but do n’t forget the other costs you incur throughout the season .
Parties , travel expenses , charitable donations , and holiday - themed activities can all add up to destroy a budget .
If possible , add some money into your budget for unexpected costs so you ’re not left scratching your head .
The way you create your budget is up to you , but one thing ’s for sure : you need one .
Create yours before the season hits full steam , and revisit it often to make sure you ’re spending within your means .
2. Track Your Spending
Your budget does no good if you do n’t effectively track your spending .
Personally , I keep a separate Christmas fund in a dedicated bank account .
This makes it easier for me to separate holiday spending from regular , day - to - day expenses .
I also have my bank ’s app on my phone , which allows me to check my balance and track my spending anytime , anywhere – even in line for the cashier .
Spreadsheets are also an excellent and accurate way to track your holiday expenditures .
By establishing a budget and entering your real expenses , you can easily keep yourself on track .
Just be sure to remain diligent .
I find that if I can track my expenses in real - time , I ’m much more effective than if the receipts are lying around for days before I input them into my system .
3. Cut Back on Extras
Getting lattes piled sky - high with whipped cream , splurging on a pair of shoes for yourself , paying for a photo with Santa – we ’re all guilty of indulging a little more than we should simply because it ’s the holiday season .
However , you ca n’t get stuck in a trap where constant spending on “ extras ” eats into your budget .
Cutting back on those extras can have a big impact on your bottom line .
For example , if you purchase a $ 4.50 pumpkin spice latte three times per week throughout December , that ’s $ 162 you ’ve spent on pricey drinks .
That money could have paid for a few Christmas gifts , enough gas to get to Grandma ’s house , or a generous donation to a charity of your choice .
Before you splurge on a little treat or “ extra ” for yourself , be sure it ’s really worth the price .
4 . Use the “ Secret Santa ” Method
I have four brothers and one sister - in - law on my side of the family , and three brothers - in - law and three sisters - in - law on my husband ’s side .
Add in the 11 nieces and nephews , and buying for the family becomes a huge expense – not to mention a major drain on my schedule .
Instead of buying for each member of the family or even pulling names out of a hat , we ’ve decided to funnel our resources into a Secret Santa experience instead .
Our local church decorates a tree with ornaments , each decoration with the age , gender , and specific Christmas wish of a child in need .
Instead of buying presents for my own family members , we choose to purchase gifts for the anonymous beneficiaries .
The best part is that each individual family chooses as many ornaments as they can afford – some can buy for an entire family , while others can pick one or two ornaments to fit their budget .
In the past , my kids and I have had fun picking out toys , clothes , and books for children of a similar age .
Not only does a Secret Santa experience help relieve some of the stress and financial burden of exchanging gifts with every member of my family , it gives us a chance to talk about the importance of service and giving during the holidays .
I love that my kids get a break from the “ gimmes ” and get to focus on someone less fortunate .
Some other ideas for charity during the holidays include the following :
Toy drives
Volunteer work
Baking treats for neighbors
Assembling care packages for shelters , hospitals , or the armed forces
Coat drives
Donating to charity
Funneling what you would have spent on family gifts to those in need is a great way to give back , have a charitable experience with your loved ones , and relieve holiday stress .
5. Choose Cheaper Traditions
Traditions are what make the holidays so special , but they can be a financial burden .
If your traditions include holiday travel , paying for a special attraction , or surprising your kids with extravagant gifts , you might find yourself going significantly over budget in the name of family .
While traditions are important and admirable , they do n’t have to be expensive to be memorable .
In fact , you might find that your kids prefer the cheap stuff to the grander gestures .
So many activities and traditions are inexpensive , or even free – you just have to know where to look .
By making cheaper events and traditions part of your celebration , you can save money without skimping on the festivities and memories .
Here are some of my favorite cheap activities :
Touring neighborhood Christmas lights
Watching a movie with hot chocolate at home
Sledding
Seeing Santa at the mall
Making Christmas crafts
Baking together
Reading favorite Christmas stories
Seeing a high school production , such as a play or choir performance
Caroling
Checking daily deals , such as those on Groupon or LivingSocial , for discounts on local attractions
Teach your kids that traditions are n’t about what you spend , but the time you spend together .
6. Embrace Potluck
We host Christmas Eve for our extended family every year at our home .
I love prepping , cooking , and having everyone together for Christmas – but you know what I do n’t love ?
How expensive all the food , decor , and activities always are .
Buying food for 30 people is seriously pricey , and if not for potluck assignments , I ’d be spending most of my Christmas budget on food and drink .
Now , I ’ve learned my lesson – if you ’re hosting an event , embrace the idea of potluck assignments .
Let everyone know you ’re going to make the main dish , but that you ’d appreciate help on sides , appetizers , desserts , and drinks .
I simply send out an email a few weeks in advance letting everyone know what their assignments are to ensure we do n’t end up with five vegetable trays and no dessert .
I also assign Christmas games and activities to some of my teen nieces and nephews .
They love being involved , and I do n’t have to stress about keeping guests entertained .
7. Take Care Around Sales
Holiday sales can be an epic opportunity to save money – but be careful .
Not all deals are created equal , and some may not even be truly discounted , as some stores keep prices the same but simply mark items with a “ sale ” sign .
Always comparison shop before you purchase an item during a sale .
I use the ShopSavvy app – it allows me to scan the bar code of any item and see prices at nearby stores and Internet retailers to make sure I ’m getting the best deal .
Or , if you tend to fall victim to the festive atmosphere of a store and make unwise purchases , try shopping solely online .
You can snag great deals and use coupon codes to get a lot more for your money .
Of course , you never save money by spending , no matter how significant the discount .
Sales are great , but they do n’t mean much if the money is n’t in your budget .
If necessary , bring a printout of your budget so you can check your spending in real - time and avoid being swayed by a screaming deal .
8. Know When to Stop
When your list is finished and you ’ve checked it twice , it ’s time to stop shopping .
Know when you ’re finished , and avoid stopping by the mall “ just to see what they have ” – this can lead to making poorly planned purchases and blowing your budget .
I typically get the itch to shop a few days before Christmas , so I specifically save shopping for stocking stuffers until the last minute .
That way , I ’m still operating within my budget and purchasing something I actually need while fulfilling the urge to be part of the holiday hustle and bustle .
By planning purchases and stopping when you ’re done , you can be spared that holiday hangover come January .
9. Get a Head Start
The period right after the holidays is the perfect time to check over your budget and make plans for the new year .
How did you do ?
Did you stay within budget ?
Were there places you could have cut back ?
This is also the time to start planning a credit card payoff strategy if you used plastic to finance your festivities .
In a perfect world , you would n’t have put anything on your credit card that you could n’t pay off in a month , but if you went overboard , commit to a payment plan that eliminates your balances within the next three or four months .
If you ’re really savvy and have the storage , the days following Christmas are also ideal for getting a jump - start on purchasing decor and wrapping goods for next year .
Of course , that ’s only if you ’ve budgeted accordingly .
Final Word
It ’s all too easy to get caught up in the spending cycle during the holidays .
Marketing campaigns are geared toward making you open your wallet in the spirit of Christmas , so it ’s hard not to fall prey .
However , if you ’ve got a plan in place and know how to stretch each holiday dollar , you do n’t have to fear your bank account statement on December 26th .
Cheaper entertainment , a focus on family , and a sensible spending plan put you firmly in the driver ’s seat of your own sleigh .
Do you have a holiday budget ?
How do you save money during the Christmas season ?
posted by on October 30 at 13:20 PM
I ’m paraphrasing , but that subject - line statement is essentially the pick - up line used by a Catholic priest who allegedly slept with a woman he met in his confessional .
From ABC
News :
A Catholic priest allegedly seduced a distraught woman after hearing her confession , telling her to have an affair with him because it was “ ordained by God , ” the Queens , N.Y. , woman claims in a lawsuit .
According to the lawsuit , Father Elvis Elano professed his love for her immediately after her first confession at the Church of Our Lady of the Snows in Queens , N.Y .
“ Your presence struck me like a thunderbolt , ” Elano allegedly told Rodrigues - Lytwyn , who says she was distraught over her recent divorce and her ex-husband ’s alleged drug use .
The lawsuit , first reported by The Smoking Gun , claims Elano immediately began courting her and encouraging her to have sex with him to overcome her grief over her divorce and “ because it was ordained by God . ”
Rodrigues - Lytwyn “ immediately became overwhelmed ” by Elano ’s advances and embarked on a four - month - long affair with him , the lawsuit says .
Extra -creepy closing details :
According to the lawsuit , Elano ordered Viagra over the Internet and arranged sexual encounters with Rodrigues - Lytwyn at her house and at a hotel in Montauk , N.Y .
She claims she broke off her relationship after Elano admitted that he had developed a rash in his groin area and legs .
So , God ordained the affair , but refused to help Father Elano with his erectile disfunction or protect the priest from whatever rashed up his groin .
Full story here .
How often do you write repetitive code like this ?
public delegate void MessageEventHandler ( object sender , MessageEventArgs e ) ; [ Serializable ] public sealed class MessageEventArgs : EventArgs { // some class contents } // ... event MessageEventHandler OnMessageArrived ; private void RaiseOnMessageArrived ( string message ) { // BTW , what about thread - safety of this call ? if ( OnMessageArrived != null ) { OnMessageArrived ( this , new MessageEventArgs ( message ) ) ; } }
Let ’s drop the entire RaiseOnMessageArrived method , MessageEventArgs class , the delegate and replace them by :
event EventHandlerFor< string >
OnMessageArrived = ( sender , e ) => {} ; OnMessageArrived .
Raise ( this , message )
In order to do that we have to follow simple rules .
1. Apply good citizenship rules to events , too and always initialize them with empty handler .
This rule is optional , but new syntax makes this a breeze with ( sender , args ) => {} ;
2. Leverage generics were it is appropriate ( i.e. see EventHandlerFor {T} and EventArgs {T} from the Lokad .
Shared library within Photon. NET ) :
/// < summary > ///
Represents the method that will handle a typed event .
/// Associated data is read - only /// </ summary > public delegate void EventHandlerFor <T >( object sender , EventArgs < T> args ) ; [ NoCodeCoverage ] [ Serializable ] public class EventArgs < T> : EventArgs { /// < summary >
Read - only data associated with the event </ summary > public T Data { get ; private set ; } /// < summary > ///
Initializes a new instance of the < see cref= " EventArgs{T} " /> class .
/// </summary > /// < param name = " data " > The data .</ param > public EventArgs ( T data ) { Data = data ; } }
3 . Use extension methods to streamline your code .
One of these extensions might look like this one ( there are more extensions in Lokad .
Shared ) :
public static void Raise < T>( this EventHandler < EventArgs <T >> handler , object sender , T data ) { Enforce .
ArgumentNotNull ( handler , " handler " ) ; handler ( sender , new EventArgs < T > ( data ) ) ; }
Note : if you do not initialize your events with non-null empty block , the Enforce call has to be replaced with null check .
Update : here ’s one thing reminded by Denis .
If you follow the good citizenship principle and initialize your event with non-null empty block ( and do not do null assignments ) , then you are pretty much thread - safe .
Enforce statement can be ignored from the thread - safety point of view , since it is just an sanity check to help you enforce good citizenship code .
It even could be dropped from the production code by simply adding conditional attribute on the method .
But if you allow your event statements to be null and use the event field directly , then you have to take possible threading issues into account .
By the way , there is an open source Lokad Shared Libraries project that contains these helper routines ( as well as lots of other things that help me in my everyday C# development )
Erlang virtual machine – BEAM – hosts an increasing number of languages .
Reia , a Python / Ruby like scripting language and Lisp Flavoured Erlang have recently been released .
Debasish Ghosh reflects on this trend while other authors try to outline other possible language variants inspired by Ruby or Haskell .
Some time ago a blog post on Antares Trader explored the idea of implementing a ruby - like language on the top of Erlang virtual machine – BEAM – in order to combine the advantages offered by Ruby syntax and those of Erlang 's concurrency model :
Ruby makes OO programming easy , enjoyable and intuitive [...] but its concurrency model is out of the dark ages " [...]
Erlang makes concurrency easy and natural , but its syntax is poor , static , and high on ceremony [...] if Ruby can run on top of the Java Virtual Machine and take advantage of all the power of that environment while still being an expressive and efficient language , why not have a modified version of ruby on top of BEAM , the Erlang virtual machine .
While the author outlines how a Ruby like language on top of Erlang could look like , commentators highlight possible challenges and necessary precautions and point out to the existing initiatives of implementing languages on BEAM , such as Reia ( a Python / Ruby like language ) and LFE ( Lisp Flavoured Erlang ) .
Debasish Ghosh , who wrote several posts about Erlang virtual machine , seems to believe momentum is growing for increasing number of languages variants being implemented on top of BEAM .
In his post „ Erlang VM : now hosting multiple languages " , he also mentions Reia and LFE whereas one comentator refers to some Haskel based initiatives .
Debasish suggests that this growth of Erlang ecosystem is part of a more general trend observed by Ted Leung who argues that „ we are going to see not only flourishing new virtual machines , but also lots of languages atop existing virtual machines " .
Sgt. Rafael Peralta died in Iraq in 2004 after covering a grenade to save comrades .
But today his family and Marine brothers wonder why a grateful nation is n't grateful enough to bestow upon him its highest military honor .
The Pentagon is awarding Sergeant Peralta the Navy Cross , the second - highest award for valor , and not the Medal of Honor , the award for which he was recommended by his fellow Marines , the Navy , and the Marine Corps .
But now the world of battlefield ethos is mixing with Beltway politics as the Peralta family , his Marine brethren , and even members of Congress protest the decision made last week by Defense Secretary Robert Gates to downgrade the award .
" I am living proof of what Sergeant Peralta did that day , " says Robert Reynolds , who was beside Peralta the day he died .
Mr. Reynolds says he was able to survive an explosion inside a house in Fallujah in November 2004 when
Peralta , already severely injured , snagged a live grenade and thrust it against himself , shielding Reynolds and at least three others from probable death .
Reynolds believes his friend deserves the Medal of Honor .
A bipartisan group of six members of Congress agrees , and sent President Bush a letter last week expressing their " extreme disappointment " at the decision to downgrade the award to a Navy Cross and requesting a review of the Peralta case .
Pentagon officials have yet to respond to the inquiry but believe their decision was the right one , and they do n't believe a new review is warranted .
The Medal of Honor is a presidential award that was chartered by Congress .
Only the president can make the award unless Congress makes a special move to award it on its own .
No one thought it would come to this .
The firefight in which Peralta and the other marines found themselves that day came as many experts and military officials began to recognize the extreme dangers of the insurgency in Iraq .
But few war heroes had emerged from the war , and it was thought that an act such as Peralta 's would easily put him in the exclusive circle of five war heroes receiving the Medal of Honor since the war on terrorism began in 2001 .
" As he lay injured , rather than using his strength in an attempt to save himself , he knowingly and selflessly opted to give his life for his fellow Marines , " wrote the senior Marine commander at the time , Richard Natonski , then the two - star general making the formal recommendation .
But there was more to Peralta 's act of heroism .
The investigation into the firefight that day found that the marine had already been mortally wounded during the intense battle inside the insurgent house in Fallujah .
What 's more , it was determined that he had been felled by friendly fire .
The initial investigation acknowledged , however , that Peralta had nonetheless grabbed the live grenade when it rolled next to him and held it close to his chest before it exploded , killing him but shielding the other marines in the room from the blast .
Cpl. Jason Dunham , another marine , received the Medal of Honor posthumously last year after he placed his helmet over a live grenade to shield marines nearby in another firefight in 2004 .
But Mr. Gates had lingering concerns , and he asked five individuals , including a neurosurgeon and two forensic pathologists , to review the Peralta case .
Using additional forensic information not available during the initial investigation , according to a defense official , each of the five individually concluded that Peralta 's act , while heroic , did not merit a Medal of Honor .
The findings focused on doubt as to whether Peralta could have performed this deliberate act after being mortally wounded .
Gates agreed that that left enough doubt .
" Secretary Gates did not arrive at this decision lightly , which is evident by the rigorous and thorough review that was conducted , " says Bryan Whitman , a Pentagon spokesman .
" This decision in no way detracts from Sergeant .
Peralta 's courageous and selfless sacrifice . "
The review that led to Gates 's decision points up how the awards process has changed significantly over the years .
Whereas at one time eyewitness accounts almost always sufficed , now technology has crept in .
In this particular action , there was some contradictory evidence that warranted further review , according to Mr. Whitman , because the standard for the Medal of Honor is extremely high and by instruction " there must be no margin of doubt or possibility of error in awarding this honor . "
But the Peralta family say that if he was not awarded the Medal of Honor because there was doubt about whether his act was truly deliberate , then there is a contradiction in the citation for the Navy Cross award , which appears to note Peralta 's deliberate act : " Without hesitation and with complete disregard for his own personal safety , Sergeant Peralta reached out and pulled the grenade to his body , absorbing the brunt of the blast and shielding fellow Marines only feet away , " reads the citation in part .
Peralta 's mother , Rosa , has said she will not accept the Navy Cross award out of protest , saying it is a slight against her son , who was born in Mexico in 1979 and enlisted in the Marine Corps the same day he received his green card .
But she may reconsider and accept the award after all in coming weeks , says a family spokesman , George Sabga .
If nothing is done now , new evidence could be presented later to upgrade the award .
In other cases , the nation 's highest military award has been made years later .
For now , the news has not gone over well across the Marine Corps , a service known for its tradition and history and where Peralta 's act had already become a legend .
Former marine Reynolds , meanwhile , says that when Peralta saved his life , it gave him a new perspective , a sense of purpose as he raises his young children .
" I have a second chance , " he says .
The drop off in fertility for women after the age of 35 is well known .
Now Australian researchers have found that men face a similar decline at the same age .
Sydney IVF researchers took sperm samples from more than 3,000 men and their DNA or genetic make - up was examined .
Mark Bowman from Sydney IVF says they found older men had less chance of fathering a child .
" They can not take fertility absolutely for granted , there is also an impact of male age on fertility , " he said .
Dr Kylie de Boer says the samples showed that as men age their sperm starts to fragment or break down , which makes the sperm less viable for fertilising the egg .
The older the man , the more damage , researchers found .
" The rate of DNA fragmentation of sperm increased with age and there was a significant DNA damage to sperm when the man was above the age of 35 , " Mr Bowman said .
And while the Rupert Murdochs of this world have fathered children later in life , the new research suggests they are the exception , not the rule .
One in six Australian couples end up seeking medical treatment because they cannot conceive and in almost half of those cases it is due to male infertility .
Mr Bowman says a healthy lifestyle is one way of holding back the years .
" The messages would be limit alcohol , do n't smoke , eat a healthy diet , take anti-oxidants and probably spend more time with your partner , " he said .
Two weeks ago , Nick Denton hosted a party on the top of his newish Gawker offices , where he told us he was " disaster planning . "
Here 's what that looks like :
He 's laying off 19 people at his network of 12 sites , but is doubling down at some of his stronger titles , where he will bring on 10 people .
He will also suspend his controversial page view bonus plan for his remaining writers at the beginning of next year .
Among those cut :
Three of Valleywag 's 5 staffers .
Among those hired : Longtime media reporter Gabriel Snyder , who wil replace Denton as Gawker . com 's managing editor .
In typical Denton style , he is fielding questions from commenters ( and generating more page views ) at his flagship site .
On the bright side , he did buy many of his staffers food and booze last month .
Here 's the memo :
I have some bad news .
Here 's the heart of it : we are cutting 19 of our
133 editorial positions and suspending bonus payments at the start of
next year .
With the savings , we are increasing base pay and hiring 10
new people on the most commercially successful Gawker sites .
But I
know that 's scant consolation for the colleagues we 're losing and for
those of you who have been enjoying the bonus windfalls from breakout
stories .
You can guess the reason for these brutal measures : the recession .
Sure , the company is currently profitable and advertising sales are up
by about 30 % on their level of a year ago .
Our biggest clients are
consumer electronics and entertainment companies that are relatively
well insulated .
And , yes , this is not the first time I 've predicted
doom : in July 2006 , when we " battened down the hatches " and closed
down Sploid and Screenhead ; and in April this year , when we spun off
Idolator , Gridskipper and Wonkette .
But now the credit crisis is clearly going to affect every sector of
the economy .
Advertising buys typically plunge after the Christmas
shopping season , and 2009 is obviously going to be exceptionally
difficult .
We have to prepare for the worst , now , rather than when the
worst comes upon us .
We never used to talk about the business side of the operation .
Traffic was the only concern ; my belief was that juicy news would draw
the readers and the advertising would take care of itself .
We were
patient ; even if it took four years for a site to develop the audience
that finally registered with advertisers , we had the time .
No longer .
Sites such as Consumerist , whose success has been measured more in
traffic and recognition than in revenue , now need to cover their
costs .
I can't underline enough that this harsh commercial judgment is
no reflection whatsoever on the editorial teams that are being cut .
Each of these sites performs a vital function .
Consumerist provides an
outlet for disgruntled consumers that exists nowhere else on the web ;
Valleywag has given puffed - up Silicon Valley the prick it 's long
needed ; and Fleshbot manages to be classy and filthy at the same time .
The site leads and writers on all of our sites have done exactly what
we asked them to : work harder than the competition and grow the
audience .
It 's my commercial judgment that 's been at fault .
One reason we 're eliminating these positions is to reinforce the teams
on the sites with the most commercial appeal — Gizmodo , Kotaku ,
Lifehacker and Gawker — and the properties such as Jezebel , io9 ,
Deadspin and Jalopnik which are poised to join them .
One new recruit we 're confirming today is Gabriel Snyder from W
Magazine in Los Angeles who , as managing editor of Gawker.com , will
continue the site 's evolution into a national news and entertainment
site .
We are also hiring new contributors at Jezebel , Deadspin , Kotaku
and io9 .
Even in the growing editorial teams we need to control costs .
And that
means a new look at traffic bonuses .
We 've been spending $ 50,000 a
month on average on pageview bonuses .
The scheme has made writers
hustle for traffic even in teams so large that there was a risk they
become lumbering .
It 's helped us hit a record 274 m pageviews last
month , up 69 % on last September .
Pageview bonuses will continue this quarter .
And we are committed to
pageview incentives , and to measuring performance by a writer 's
individual pageviews , in the long term .
But a first quarter spike in
traffic -- and the resulting bonus payments -- could be dangerous if
advertising markets are troubled next year .
And we 're assuming that
the economy is so volatile that most of you would like a little bit
more predictability about your own income .
That 's why we 're suspending the pageview bonus for the first quarter
at least , but making up for some of the loss of income by raising pay .
If you have n't recently agreed to a new rate , your monthly base amount
will automatically be increased by 5 % in January .
The news about the job and bonus cuts will be demoralizing .
The golden
age of the blog is over , people will say .
Gawker Media is behaving
like those big media companies that we mock so easily .
I could come up
with some bullshit line about how much worse it would have been to
wait until we were forced to control costs ; or how much more
unpleasant life will be at the many internet ventures and newspapers
that wo n't make it through the downturn .
I could give you my
optimistic spin about the glorious future that awaits us on the far
side of this downturn .
But there is no escaping the fact that we 're losing some excellent
colleagues and the environment next year will be bleak .
The one
consolation is that there will be plenty of news for us to break —
starting with this email , which you are free to leak .
See Also : Gawker Boss Nick Denton Fires Gawker Editor Nick Denton , Shuffling Blog Staff Again
One of three men who pulled a driver from a car that plunged into the Nerang River on Friday said he would rather live on the dole than work for the man who sacked him because he could not make it to work after the rescue .
Andrew Fisher , a 32 - year - old father of two from Bundall on the Gold Coast , was the first to dive into the river at Surfers Paradise , braving sharp , oyster - covered rocks to save a 30 - year - old man whose car had ploughed through a guard rail into the water .
But when Mr Fisher , a fibreglass gun operator , phoned his boss about 3 am to tell him he could not work due to the deep cuts he had sustained on his feet and arms , he was told he no longer had a job .
Facebook Twitter LinkedIn
When Steve Sinofsky took the stage on Tuesday at the Microsoft Professional Developer Conference , the senior vice president was willing to confess some past sins with Vista .
His presentation was the first public demonstration of the new Windows 7 user interface , and showed how Microsoft intends to change Windows 7 to fix the problems that exist in Vista , and indeed in earlier versions of Windows .
Even Microsoft canâ€™t hide or ignore the cold reception that Vista has received .
Sinofsky identified a few key things that caused problems .
First , the Windows â€œecosystemâ€ , the third - party software , hardware , and user training , wasnâ€™t ready for the extensive changes that came in Vista .
The driver model changed , which caused lots of hardware headaches at launch .
The User Account Control ( UAC ) feature broke applications and frustrated users who hadnâ€™t seen the behavior in XP .
Windows 7 doesnâ€™t make any changes to the ecosystem , and provides additional ways that users can reduce the number of UAC prompts without turning it off completely .
Sinofsky introduced Julie Larson - Green , who demonstrated some of the most visible changes in the Windows 7 user interface .
Thereâ€™s a new taskbar that combines icons for running programs , non-running programs , and recently - used programs .
Itâ€™s similar in some ways to the Apple dock , but has a few other features such as window preview .
The taskbar now lets you drag and drop icons to reorder them to suit your taste , rather than being grouped by type or in left - to - right order based on when you started them .
Users now have a lot more control over the notification area , those annoying little icons next to the clock at the right side of the tray .
You can now select not only whether the icon itself appears , but how and whether its message balloons pop up .
Vista got a reputation for being bloated and slow .
Sinofsky says Microsoft is addressing that by focusing on fundamentals .
The development group is working to decrease memory usage , disk I/O , and power consumption , and to increase boot speed , responsiveness , and CPU scalability .
He held up a tiny netbook with a 1GHz CPU and 1GB of RAM , and said that the current Windows 7 beta runs well on that hardware using only about half the available RAM .
At this point , Microsoft still canâ€™t be nailed down on release dates .
A pre-beta will be handed out to PDC attendees , but Sinofsky wouldnâ€™t go any further than to say that the feature - complete public beta will be available â€œearly next yearâ€  and the final product will be shipped â€œapproximately three years after the general availability of Windows Vista.â€ 
That would put the ship date in late 2009 or early 2010 , although a ship date any later than about September of this year would mean Microsoft would again miss the critical holiday sales season , just like they did with Vista .
9,415 total views , 5 views today
( Visited 1 times , 1 visits today )
Gavin Hewitt
Raleigh , North Carolina : Nothing in high - stakes modern American politics is left to chance .
At Barack Obama 's rallies there is a music playlist .
It is played at every rally .
No local favourites sneak in .
Just a mixture of old and new .
There is " The Adventure " by Angels and Airwaves , " Celebration " by Kool and the Gang and " Give the People What They Want " by the O'Jays .
I am reliably informed by Rob Magee , my cameraman , that the Obama playlist consists of 21 songs - all soon to be uploaded onto his iPod .
Two songs , however , are used to define the campaign .
One is the arrival anthem , that plays Barack Obama onto the stage .
It is U2's ' City of Blinding Lights ' - with its line " oh you look so beautiful tonight " .
And after his speech , when he lifts the bottle of water to his lips , in comes the heavy beat and then Stevie Wonder 's scream in " Signed , Sealed , Delivered " .
In the arena , a soundman stands at his console and fades in the music , much as if this was a rock show .
And in a way it is .
The timing is usually immaculate .
Four years ago , John Kerry also had a playlist .
His campaign song was " No Surrender " by Bruce Springsteen .
But there was a difference .
Mr Kerry lined up rock stars to appear with him : Springsteen , Dave Grohl of the Foo Fighters and Bon Jovi .
Mr Obama does not need the band .
He is the star .
He does not need Hollywood stardust .
I can remember a whisper going around the crowd in Philadelphia : " Will Smith is coming " .
He did not appear and no - one cared .
The crowds are pumping for Obama , even before he arrives on stage .
( I recall a lunchtime rally in Madison , Wisconsin with Bruce Springsteen and John Kerry in 2004 .
As soon as Springsteen had done his fifteen minutes , the crowds drifted back to their offices .
I always thought Mr Kerry should have done a deal with the crowd : " Hang with me for a few minutes and you 'll get Springsteen as your reward . " )
The point about the Obama playlist is that it reflects the campaign .
I have covered a number of these elections and I have never seen such a disciplined , tightly controlled organisation .
There are no leaks , no raised voices .
I am sure there are arguments between David Axelrod , David Plouffe and Robert Gibbs , but they do not show .
His critics may say he has never run anything , never accomplished anything , but his campaign management has been impressive .
So Barack Obama has begun what he calls his closing arguments .
In these final days he charts his long , improbable journey from the cold of Maine to the sunshine of California .
There is much detail about tax and healthcare , but when all is stripped away the Obama message comes down to this : the country is on the wrong track and its time for change .
The riff line of his campaign is " change " .
And the crowd cry back : " Yes We Can " .
Most of us desire change .
Most of us dream of a better job , or life or relationship .
We have all at one time stood on the brink of reinvention .
Change is beguiling when times are rough .
And in that sense Barack Obama is a lucky politician .
America is less sure of itself and where it is heading than it has been for as long as I can remember .
What is wrapped inside the slogan of " change " is sometimes hard to pin down but it has served him well .
As the election has moved closer , so another theme has emerged - his populist attack on trickle - down economics .
He speaks of the " tired old theory that says we should give more to billionaires and big corporations and hope that prosperity trickles down to everyone " .
He wants to grow the economy from the bottom up .
What will this mean in practice ?
I think an Obama administration will invest heavily in alternative energy programmes and infrastructure and hope that will be an engine - room for jobs .
There is a reflective element to Mr Obama 's closing arguments .
He thinks America has been living through a period of " profound irresponsibility " in the way its government and people have run up debt .
What he thinks has been lost in the past eight years is " a common sense of purpose " .
As so often in modern politics , the message is inseparable from the man .
I have watched him closely at rally after rally .
His playlist does not change - and neither does he .
He is unruffled , disciplined .
His organisation is tightly - controlled .
They do not like the unpredictable .
Through set - backs and controversies he has conducted his campaign with grace and intellect .
He does not strike me as a needy politician .
He has been carried to this point on the wings of rhetoric ... to a degree .
He has several speeds to his speeches .
I saw him on a cold Sunday in Wilmington .
He spoke without notes .
He was on fire , lifting up the crowd , letting them fall gently and lifting them again .
He knew how to surf the emotions of a crowd better than any politician apart from , perhaps , Bill Clinton .
In Berlin before a crowd of 250,000 he checked himself .
He rowed back .
He did not want to be the preacher on the world stage .
He wanted to appear statesmanlike , showing off his knowledge of history .
And as the election approaches , he sticks to the words on the autocue .
There is no need to take a risk .
This is a campaign on cruise control .
The other night in Pittsburgh I had a recurring thought .
The expectations .
That I was not at a political rally .
The audience were not voters .
They were fans , urging their man on to victory .
And as he drew to a close his oratory took off .
He could not control himself .
The passion flowed .
The crowd sensed it .
They were on their feet .
Not listening to the words .
They were lost in the roar .
When the event was over , some of the crowds lined the streets .
The light was on the turn .
The bitter cold had edged down from the North .
Many of the people in the crowd were African - American .
They cheered their man out of town .
Time and again they have told me " this is our time " .
This is their victory parade .
It is as if the whole weight of their history is being lifted .
At last .
But such expectations !
What a burden !
But that - if the polls are right - lies ahead .
[ Editor ’s note :
This post is n’t in the same style you ’ve grown accustomed to from the Lizard .
Given the topic at hand , the Lizard believes it is important that this post detail past events as well as the reasoning behind them .
This is the post you can tell your grandkids about . ]
A long - time Mozilla contributor emailed the Lizard back in November and posed :
If you really want to dig up some dirt , find out what happened between Google and Mozilla .
Inquiring minds want to know .
The world has long assumed that the Google team working on Firefox simply moved off to another project .
That assumption is true .
The real question is :
What project are they working on ?
From the title of this post , you now know .
It was September 2006 when Mozilla Corporation CTO Brendan Eich removed Ben Matthew Goodger as owner of the Firefox project and placed Mike Connor at the helm .
Goodger was first demoted to “ peer ” status , and from there he officially removed himself from all leadership positions throughout the Mozilla project .
( Those outside of Mozilla should know that the project has a hierarchy for managing and running various parts , or modules , of its codebase .
“ Module owners ” have final say over what features and bug fixes go into their module and provide leadership in determining the future of the code .
“ Peers ” are secondary to owners but know the module well enough to make decisions about what code should be accepted . )
Goodger was n’t the only one to leave , however .
Long - time Mozilla contributors Brian Ryner and Darin Fisher , as well as Pam Greene , Brett Wilson , Peter Kasting , Tony Chang , Annie Sullivan , and others also removed themselves almost completely from the Mozilla project , though some would continue to participate through the launch of Firefox 2 .
Months prior , Goodger , one of the original Firefox creators ( alongside Dave Hyatt , Blake Ross , Joe Hewitt , and Asa Dotzler ) and its long - time lead , had left the Mozilla Foundation to work for Google , charged with building a team that would contribute strongly to Firefox .
As transitions in the Mozilla world go , it was a fairly clean and prosperous one for both parties involved .
In one fell swoop , the Firefox project gained several new , competent developers ( Google developers are some of the best in the world and were even more so in 2006 ) who proved critical to the success of Firefox 2 .
Meanwhile , Google worked the profitable end of the transition , furthering its message of openness and “ no evil ” while making mountains of cash off its position as the default option in the Firefox search bar and as the only option on the start page .
The almost immediate success of Firefox 2 helped the Mozilla Corporation solidify a 2 - year multi-million dollar deal ( in total , over $ 60 million a year ) with Google which would help it continue operations through , at the least , November 2008 .
Why then , all things being beneficial to both parties , would Google pull its team off of Firefox ?
Consider this :
Since its inception , Firefox has pushed billions of search queries to Google , from which billions of dollars have been made .
Not millions , billions .
As companies go , Google ’s not a particularly evil one .
Supporting open source in so many aspects of its business is a wonderful , non-evil thing .
However , continuing to support Firefox fully would mean further reliance on Mozilla ’s not screwing up a good thing .
That is , Google needs Mozilla to keep making the right decisions as the browser maker grows its business .
On the other hand , this same growth gives Mozilla a reason to start requesting a larger piece of the pie – and with reason .
As Firefox continues to grow – its market share is around 20 % worldwide – Google keeps getting a better deal .
For merely a few million a month , Google ’s market share in the search and advertising industries has the ability to grow leaps and bounds and generate a five - to ten - fold return on investment .
A win for Firefox is a win for Google … until Mozilla gets greedy .
Betting any large percentage of your business on one single entity is never a good idea .
Once that entity desires more money and threatens to go elsewhere , your business starts hurting substantially .
Even more importantly , once another browser , which you control even less , appears and begins to threaten Firefox growth , it ’s time to start thinking about why your business is n’t fully under your control in the first place .
And so , in mid-2006 , after several months of semi-serious internal discussion , the skunkworks project known simply as GBrowser was officially but quietly launched inside Google .
It was n’t until after that September divorce that the pace really sped up , however .
But what , really , is GBrowser ?
Simple Firefox customisations ?
No , friends , it ’s much more than that .
The much - rumoured Google Browser is a complete browser built on top of WebKit .
More than that , it will offer integration with many Google services , such as Gmail , Google Calendar , Blogger , and likely Google Talk .
The GBrowser team was smart in staying clear of the aging and fragile Mozilla technology .
They looked for a streamlined rendering engine that would be easy to work with .
It was n’t hard to find Apple nearby , working on WebKit .
In fact , Goodger was still in close contact with Dave Hyatt , who is one of WebKit ’s initial developers and an Apple employee .
Rumblings of a Google browser have been carpeting the web for years , but it was n’t until 2006 that an entire team was actually committed to working on what will become GBrowser .
Google , always known for iterating slowly on most of its projects , has taken its time on GBrowser for a very good reason : it only has one chance to get it right .
Failing to succeed in its browser move means rocky negotiations with a core partner , Mozilla , and could negatively impact its financials in a significant manner .
A move into the browser market requires perfection , and GBrowser has undergone at least one substantial rewrite and many major user - interface iterations .
The GBrowser team and Google leadership have also done well at keeping this project quiet internally .
If screenshots or mockups leak from this project , it could threaten the relationship Google has built with several partners as well as lower the company ’s credibility with its own employees as a supporter of open source software .
No , this project must be developed “ right ” so that others can truly grasp the need for an all - new browser .
When will GBrowser launch ?
No one knows for certain , including the team itself .
The internal target is an initial alpha / beta quality release this summer or fall .
The one point that has n’t been mentioned yet is , quite possibly , the most important .
Mozilla knows GBrowser is coming and discusses it at length internally .
Mozilla employees , reasonably , believe that Google ’s proven inability to create solid , popular desktop software will hinder the search giant and its play in the browser market .
But most of these obstacles can be overcome with a leader who knows full well what he ’s doing , having done the same thing with Firefox ; Google ’s hiring of Goodger in 2006 now seems like a prescient move .
While the importance and potential success of GBrowser are continually downplayed internally at Mozilla , the Lizard believes our new overlord , John Lilly , does not underestimate what Google can do .
WASHINGTON  Manufacturers of pediatric cough and cold medicines announced Tuesday that they would voluntarily change their products ’ labels to say that they should not be used in children under age 4 .
In addition , products with certain antihistamines will get new language warning parents not to use them to sedate or make a child sleepy .
While many parents believe that getting a sick child to sleep is the best medicine , the use of sedatives is widely discouraged by medical experts , who say they can worsen breathing problems caused by illness .
“ We ’re trying to prevent as many medication errors as we can , and we think this is the right direction , ” said Linda A. Suydam , president of the Consumer Healthcare Products Association , a trade organization that represents the makers of over - the - counter medicines .
Officials at the Food and Drug Administration said they supported the changes , but promised to continue a long process to reassess the safety and effectiveness of the products in children of all ages .
Venezuela 's President Hugo Chavez greets supporters in Cumana , 400 km east of Caracas in this file photo from October 19 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Ho-Miraflores Palace
CARACAS ( Reuters ) - Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez threatened on Saturday to imprison his main political rival , intensifying a campaign against a man he calls a crime boss just a month before he faces tough regional elections .
Opposition leader Manuel Rosales , who lost to Chavez in the 2006 presidential vote , is governor of the oil producing state of Zulia and is running for mayor of its capital Maracaibo .
“ I am determined to put Manuel Rosales behind bars .
A swine like that has to be in prison , ” Chavez said .
Chavez railed against Rosales at a gathering of businessmen in Zulia , urging the audience to vote against his rival for allegedly plotting to assassinate him , running crime gangs and illegally acquiring cattle ranches .
Chavez provided no specific evidence for the charges against the main leader of a fragmented opposition who has solid support in the oil - producing west of the OPEC nation .
Human rights groups say Chavez has increasingly exerted control over branches of power such as the judiciary and become intolerant of critics in almost a decade in power .
The former soldier typically takes to the offensive to stem a rise in support for potential rivals .
Chavez has been campaigning vigorously for his candidates in gubernatorial and mayoral races in the November 23 election but may lose some key posts as Venezuelans worry about crime , inflation and poor public services , pollsters say .
Chavez often makes dramatic threats in speeches without immediately carrying them out .
Still , he does follow through on enough of them over time for his threats to concern the people he targets .
Still , the last quarter extended a staggering run for Exxon , which has routinely set records only to beat them .
Exxon ’s profit has exceeded $ 10 billion in 9 of the last 12 quarters .
The third quarter was no exception as Exxon ’s profit rose 58 percent , to $ 14.8 billion , exceeding its previous quarterly record by more than $ 3 billion .
While the record earnings were well above analysts ’ expectations , they also masked a growing problem for Exxon .
Its production has dropped because of contractual terms in places like Nigeria , falling output from mature fields , and disruptions caused by hurricanes in the Gulf of Mexico .
Exxon ’s combined oil and gas output fell 8 percent in the third quarter compared with the year - earlier period , to the equivalent of 3.5 million barrels a day .
But Exxon , which prides itself on its long - term view of the business , appeared unfazed by the decline .
Thanks to seven major new projects starting this year , including offshore fields in Angola and Malaysia , and a large gas project in Qatar , the company expects its production to pick up in the fourth quarter and next year , according to Kenneth Cohen , the company ’s vice president of public affairs .
Excluding the effect of hurricanes and the impact of specific contracts that reduce its production when oil prices rise , Exxon ’s output would have dropped by 2 percent in the last quarter .
“ These are uncertain and challenging times , and these are the times that our company is built to handle , ” Mr. Cohen said on a conference call .
“ We understand we operate in a commodity business .
We understand that the cycle will go up , and it will go down .
We do n’t get excited in the highs ; we do n’t panic in the lows . ”
Sarah Palin breaks with John McCain , telling CBN's David Brody that she would support a " Federal Marriage Amendment " effectively banning gay marriage :
I am , in my own , state , I have voted along with the vast majority of Alaskans who had the opportunity to vote to amend our Constitution defining marriage as between one man and one woman .
I wish on a federal level that that 's where we would go because I do n't support gay marriage .
I 'm not going to be out there judging individuals , sitting in a seat of judgment telling what they can and can't do , should and should not do , but I certainly can express my own opinion here and take actions that I believe would be best for traditional marriage and that 's casting my votes and speaking up for traditional marriage that , that instrument that it 's the foundation of our society is that strong family and that 's based on that traditional definition of marriage , so I do support that .
·
Disapproval of the Republican candidate for the vice president of the United States , Sarah Palin , rose nine points this month , according to research released this Friday by the newspaper " New York Times .
The survey also indicates that the vice is decisive for at least a third of American voters , making it more difficult to the Republican John McCain to reverse the advantage on Democratic opponent , Barack Obama , in the election next Tuesday .
A search of the " NYT " indicates that with 51 % of the preference of the electorate , Obama has 11 points of advantage over McCain , who gets 40 % .
The margin of error is 3 % .
The newspaper says that 59 % of voters consulted said that Sarah , who is governor of Alaska , is not ready to be vice president .
At the beginning of the month , the figure was 50 % .
About the candidate for vice for Obama , Senator Joe Biden , the publication says that approximately three quarters of voters said he is prepared to pursue the job .
The research indicates that the Republican candidate improved their performance by insisting on a tax cut , including using the character " Joe , the plumber " to illustrate their proposals and criticizing his opponent .
But Obama still has advantage in key subjects such as economics , health and the war in Iraq , says the newspaper .
The survey was done between days 25 and 29 , with 1439 adults across the country , of which 12 % had voted .
Each week we round up all of the web design and development related articles and put them here in one place for you to peruse in your efforts to strengthen and grow your skills .
Each week we round up all of the web design and development related articles and put them here in one place for you to peruse in your efforts to strengthen and grow your skills .
Each week we round up all of the web design and development related articles and put them here in one place for you to peruse in your efforts to strengthen and grow your skills .
Wendy 's is working on finding the perfect onion - to - burger diameter ratio .
And the quest continues .
All products linked here have been independently selected by our editors .
We may earn a commission on purchases , as described in our affiliate policy .
Light playing on water drops , dust or ice crystals in the atmosphere produces a host of visual spectacles - rainbows , halos , glories , coronas and many more .
Some can be seen almost every day or so , some are once in a lifetime sights .
Find out where to see them and how they are formed .
Then seek and enjoy them outdoors .
In an effort to combat the worst U.S. financial crisis since the Great Depression , government officials on Sunday unveiled a 110 - page , $ 700 billion bailout proposal that would rescue crumbling financial institutions on Wall Street and implement wide - ranging new regulations .
The plan calls for the secretary of the Treasury to buy toxic mortgage - related assets from ailing financial institutions , restricts executive pay to prevent those companies from profiting from the taxpayer - funded plan , and provides measures to help homeowners with troubled loans and keep them in their houses .
The infusion of cash is designed to help financial institutions resume lending money to potential home buyers , which , in turn , would stimulate the dismal housing market and boost the staggering economy .
Fueled by an epic meltdown in the financial industry , banks and mortgage lenders have spiraled into a tailspin , largely because of bad housing loans to ill - prepared buyers .
“ Everybody ’s furious and so am I , ” said Rep. Zoe Lofgren , D - San Jose , who said the latest plan was far better than the original President Bush proposal .
“ These bozos , they risked other people ’s money and they brought our economy to a very serious situation .
This is a massive regulatory failure . ”
The agreement , reached Sunday morning , calls for a variety of changes aimed at boosting the economy , and was the result of contentious negotiations between Democrats and Republicans , Congress and the administration , conservatives and liberals — in the midst of a tight presidential race and just weeks before an election .
Around the Bay Area , residents , mortgage lenders and real estate agents were hopeful .
“ Without this we will see more financial institutions collapse , ” said Stanley Tseng , a mortgage broker and past president of the California Association of Mortgage Brokers , Silicon Valley Chapter .
“ We need the lending source to be freed up .
If they do n’t , and continue the way it was going there , there would not be enough buyers to purchase homes and the foreclosure crisis would be deepened . ”
Around the Bay Area on Sunday , a steady , but slow stream of people visited open houses .
Real estate brokers were optimistic .
“ I do n’t know if excited is the right word , ” said Heather Lange , a Realtor at Intero .
“ I am angry that taxpayers need to be bailing out lenders on Wall Street . ”
She showed a $ 1.6 million house in Willow Glen on Sunday — to about 10 people .
One of them was Sheryl Jackson , a retiree , who was looking to buy her first home .
“ At first I was n’t totally with this bailout , ” she said .
“ But if it gets the banks rolling again .
I just want the money when I need it . ”
The House was scheduled to take a vote today , followed by the Senate .
President Bush is expected to sign the legislation on Wednesday .
Rep . Mike Honda , D - Campbell , was busily reviewing the document late Sunday night .
Whatever is designed and put together , he said , should “ put some controls and oversight on a system that appeared to have no oversights and very little regulation . ”
The deal came together after a harried round of talks over the weekend .
Talks started around 3 p.m. Saturday ( East Coast time ) in a large conference room in House Speaker Nancy Pelosi ’s suite of offices on the second floor of the Capitol .
The first few hours were intense and contentious , marked by occasional shouting matches .
At just before 11 p.m. Saturday , there were three issues outstanding : executive compensation , the makeup of an oversight board and a proposed fee on the financial sector .
But they soon compromised , and the meeting finally broke up about 12:30 a.m. Sunday , when Paulson and lawmakers briefly addressed journalists beneath a statue of Will Rogers .
After the historic declarations , Paulson locked arms with Sen. Charles E. Schumer , D - N.Y. , and leaned heavily on the senator for support as they walked away .
Melissa Brown , a 23 - year - old Sacramento resident visiting San Jose on Sunday , stopped outside a grocery store to ponder the bailout .
Like many Americans , she was n’t crazy about using taxpayers ’ money to buy up messy packages of bad mortgages .
But she also sees no other healthy alternative plan .
“ It might be the only option , ” said Brown , an English teacher , “ because financially we are all so inter-connected .
. ” ‰. ” ‰.
And as unfortunate as this bailout is , it may be the only safe solution . ”
Mercury News Staff Writer Patrick May and the Washington Post contributed to this report .
Contact Joshua Molina at jmolina@mercurynews.com or ( 408 ) 275-2002 .
McCain Refers To Obama “ That One ”
MCCAIN :
I know you grow a little weary with this back - and - forth .
It was an energy bill on the floor of the Senate loaded down with goodies , billions for the oil companies , and it was sponsored by Bush and Cheney .
You know who voted for it ?
You might never know .
That one .
You know who voted against it ?
Me . I have fought time after time against these pork barrel — these bills that come to the floor …
Undecided Voters : McCain ’s ‘ That One ’ Remark Was “ Over The Top ”
The undecided voters thought it was very “ childish ” of McCain to make that remark .
Their thoughts were it was over the top and they have put up with this for eight years , that ’s enough .
What a jerk .
Palin and Couric
Full transcript after the jump .
This is a rough bit :
COURIC : But he 's been in Congress for 26 years .
He 's been chairman of the powerful Commerce Committee .
And he has almost always sided with less regulation , not more .
PALIN : He 's also known as the maverick , though .
Taking shots from his own party , and certainly taking shots from the other party .
Trying to get people to understand what he 's been talking about — the need to reform government .
COURIC : I 'm just going to ask you one more time , not to belabor the point .
Specific examples in his 26 years of pushing for more regulation ?
PALIN : I 'll try to find you some , and I 'll bring them to you .
CBS NEWS ANCHOR KATIE COURIC INTERVIEWS VICE PRESIDENTIAL NOMINEE
SARAH PALIN ON TONIGHT’S “ CBS EVENING NEWS ”
Following is the transcript of tonight ’s interview , which focuses on the nation ’s economic crisis .
Tomorrow’s ( 25 ) portion of the interview will focus on international affairs .
As previously announced , Couric 's extended interview with Gov. Palin from the campaign trail will be broadcast on the CBS EVENING NEWS next Monday ( 29 ) and Tuesday ( 30 ) .
Mandatory credit : the CBS EVENING NEWS WITH KATIE COURIC
COURIC : Sarah Palin kept up her busy schedule today , meeting with several world leaders who are here in New York for the UN session .
But she took time out for an exclusive interview , in which we discussed the state of the economy at length .
We began , though , by addressing reports that the lobbying firm of Senator McCain 's campaign manager received payments from Freddie Mac until last month .
I asked for her reaction to that .
PALIN : My understanding is that Rick Davis recused himself from the dealings of the firm .
I do n't know how long ago , a year or two ago that he 's not benefiting from that .
And you know , I was — I would hope that 's not the case .
COURIC : But he still has a stake in the company , so is n't that a conflict of interest .
PALIN : Again , my understanding is that he recused himself from the dealings with Freddie and Fannie , any lobbying efforts on his part there .
And I would hope that 's the case because , as John McCain has been saying , and as I 've been on a more local level been on a much more local level been also rallying against is the undue influence of lobbyists in public policy decisions being made .
COURIC : Then we focused on the $ 700 billion government bailout of bad debt and I asked her if she supports it .
PALIN : I 'm ill about the position that America is in and that we have to look at a $ 700 billion bailout .
At the same time we know that inaction is not an option and as Senator McCain has said unless this nearly trillion - dollar bailout is what it may end up to be , unless there are amendments in Paulson 's proposal , really I do n't believe that Americans are going to support this and we will not support this .
The interesting thing in the last couple of days that I have seen is that Americans are waiting to see what John McCain will do on this proposal .
They 're not waiting to see what Barack Obama is going to do .
Is he going to do this and see what way the political wind 's blowing .
They 're waiting to see if John McCain will be able to see these amendments implemented in Paulson 's proposal .
COURIC : Why do you say that ?
Why are they waiting for John McCain and not Barack Obama ?
PALIN : He 's got the track record of the leadership qualities and the pragmatism that 's needed at a crisis time like this .
COURIC : But polls have shown that Senator Obama has actually gotten a boost as a result of this latest crisis with more people feeling that he can handle the situation better than John McCain ?
PALIN : I 'm not looking at poll numbers .
What I think Americans at the end of the day are going to be able to go back and look at track records and see who 's more apt to be talking about solutions and wishing for and hoping for solutions for some opportunity to change , and who 's actually done it ?
COURIC : If this does n't pass , do you think there 's a risk of another Great Depression ?
PALIN : Unfortunately , that is the road that America may find itself on .
Not necessarily this as it's been proposed has to pass or we 're going to find ourselves in another Great Depression .
There has got to be action — bipartisan effort —
Congress not pointing fingers at one another but finding the solution to this , taking action , and being serious about the reforms on Wall Street that are needed .
COURIC : Would you support a moratorium on foreclosures to help average Americans keep their homes ?
PALIN : That 's something that John McCain and I have both been discussing whether that is part of the solution or not ... you know , it 's going to be a multifaceted that has to be found here .
COURIC : So you have n't decided whether you 'll support it or not ?
PALIN : I have not .
COURIC : What are the pros and cons of it , do you think ?
PALIN : Well , some decisions that have been made poorly should not be rewarded , of course .
COURIC : By consumers , you 're saying ?
PALIN : Consumers and those who were predator lenders also .
That 's , you know , that has to be considered also .
But again , it 's got to be a comprehensive long - term solution found for this problem that America is facing today .
As I say , we are getting into crisis mode here .
COURIC : You 've said , quote , " John McCain will reform the way Wall Street does business . "
Other than supporting stricter regulations of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac two years ago , can you give us any more example of his leading the charge for more oversight ?
PALIN : I think that the example that you just cited , with his warnings two years ago about Fannie and Freddie — that , that 's paramount .
That 's more than a heck of a lot of other senators and representatives did for us .
COURIC : But he 's been in Congress for 26 years .
He 's been chairman of the powerful Commerce Committee .
And he has almost always sided with less regulation , not more .
PALIN : He 's also known as the maverick , though .
Taking shots from his own party , and certainly taking shots from the other party .
Trying to get people to understand what he 's been talking about — the need to reform government .
COURIC : I 'm just going to ask you one more time , not to belabor the point .
Specific examples in his 26 years of pushing for more regulation ?
PALIN : I 'll try to find you some , and I 'll bring them to you .
* * *
Authorities would destroy evidence and cover - up truth only if it were concealing the real crime
Aaron Dykes
Infowars.com
Wednesday , Oct 29 , 2008
RELATED : MORE EXCLUSIVE VIDEO – Political Renegades : Gov. Ventura and Willie Nelson challenge two - party stranglehold
MORE EXCLUSIVE VIDEO , Willie Nelson invites Alex and Jesse onto his world famous tour bus , where they discuss a number of topics including the family farm , the banker ’s consolidation , and the 2008 election .
But much of the conversation turns to the lingering questions about 9/11 – still unanswered , in part , due to a government that refuses to answer and a public that is unwilling to question .
Appropriately wearing a trucker ’s hat that reads , ‘ Follow no one , ’ Nelson says that for himself , it was never a question after seeing the buildings collapse on 9/11 .
“ It ’s not a clear cut situation ; never was to me , ” the music icon and activist commented about 9/11 .
But , “ Is there a reason to investigate ? ” he said .
“ Hell yeah . ”
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
( Article continues below )
“ Those buildings were blown up internally , ” he said , before humbly adding , “ I ’m not a smart guy , but I can see that . ”
PUBLIC DELUSION & PROFESSIONAL SILENCE
But Nelson ’s point is valid in spite of his obvious intelligence – it does n’t take anything greater than common sense to see that the story does n’t add up .
On the other hand , that same analysis holds up ( necessarily ) to scientific scrutiny – so long as the scientists are n’t investigating on behalf of government agencies .
The work of qualified professionals like Richard Gage , Steven Jones , Kevin Ryan , and many others who have investigated 9/11 from a technical point of view have been ignored by the media , and instead , are often run out of their various positions via intimidation .
In spite of publicly available research and widespread questions , much of the public simply can’t face the facts and refuses to accept the truth .
Gov. Ventura doubted that they ever will .
WAR WAS A MOTIVE
Nelson says his theory is that “ they did it so we could go to war . ”
After all , it ’s not just 9/11 that has fooled the public .
An estimated 30 % of Americans still believe Saddam Hussein was connected to the 9/11 attacks ; a similar 30 % believe WMDs were found in Iraq and millions are still waiting for the President to ‘ hunt down bin Laden ’ in Afghanistan .
Willie said he ’s ‘ not worried ’ about the ‘ certain percentage ’ of people ‘ in their own worlds ’ who lack the capacity to believe their government could do such things .
After all , Willie agreed , from an authority as high as the President , there would be those in the public who would even ‘ believe the moon was made of cheese . ’
So why do they mislead and deceive the public ?
For Willie , it is n’t so complicated .
“ Why do they do everything ?
So we could go to war . ”
“ We ’re the biggest arms dealer in the world ; we sell bullets to both sides .
We start a war over there & a war over there , and we stir it up .
You know , whoever we want to win , we give the best bullets .
And that ’s what we ’ve been doing for a long time . ”
Additionally , the state of crisis combined with the state of war allows the government to violate civil liberties and threaten the freedoms of anyone bold enough to dissent .
DESTROYING EVIDENCE SUPPRESSES
THE TRUTH
Yet , the public seems unwilling to recognize this , and the official truth may never emerge .
“ The truth about JFK still has n’t come out , ” Willie reminded .
“ I do n’t know what happened , but we know a lot of investigations were stifled .
But , like 9/11 … we ’ll never know for sure . ”
Gov. Ventura agreed , “ The simple way they get to that is by removal of all evidence . ”
Ventura cited the fact that LBJ had Kennedy ’s limo sent for clean - up and restoration before the homicide evidence could be taken or examined .
“ That limo should n’t have been touched until investigators went through it with a fine - toothed comb . ”
THE COVER -UP CONCEALS THE REAL CRIME
“ That ’s what causes , for me , a light to go on , ” Gov. Ventura said .
“ Because when they start doing a crime investigation the exact opposite of the way it ’s supposed to be done , that tells you that there ’s ulterior forces involved here . ”
Similarly , Ventura says , “ with 9/11 , the priority is with removal of everything – not investigating it . ”
Evidence should have been set aside for thorough investigation , he said .
Willie said investigating “ was what we all assumed they were doing . ”
Instead , Gov. Ventura points out , steel from the towers was destroyed , sold to China and even used to build a memorial ship .
Now , Ventura asserts , with all the relevant evidence destroyed , “ We are all valid investigators . ”
Thus , questions should always be allowed and encouraged .
For many investigators , the cover - up itself often points to the real crime .
So why do the authorities refuse to answer questions about 9/11 ?
Perhaps the cover - up benefits them more than the truth .
“ Anytime you cover - up evidence or take evidence away , you have an agenda there .
You ’re trying to stop people from knowing what happened .
And I really do believe that ’s what happened . ”
Ventura agreed that this would prevent us from ever knowing officially what really happened .
If the official story were actually true , Ventura suggested , the government would easily be able to ‘ debunk ’ conspiracy theories– because the truth would brush aside everything that had no merit .
Instead , the government maintains its silence , and conspiracy theories continue to flourish .
One of my favored books in the 1980s was ‘ A Taste of Smalltalk ’ .
This was a very short book that gave you the flavor of Smalltalk programming ( the language and IDE ) as compared to Pascal , C , and Lisp .
I believe it is always important to show multiple programming languages for concepts and this book followed that rule .
The goal of this post - series is to take ‘ A Taste of Smalltalk ’ and apply it to Ruby .
You can find the original book here :
Given the original book is available online , I will not repeat it .
You should have a Ruby interpreter , which you can find at http://www.ruby-lang.org/
or it may already be on your computer .
The code examples should work pasted directly into ‘ irb ’ .
For playing with Smalltalk , you can pick up Squeak from http://squeak.org/.
Squeak ’s UI is a bit different from Smalltalk - 80 ( in the book ) , but if you go through a quick Squeak tutorial , you should be able to connect the two .
Tower of Hanoi — Procedural
The first example in ‘ A Taste ’ is in multiple languages ( Chapter 1 ) .
This is Tower of Hanoi done totally procedurally .
Converting to Ruby is very simple and clean :
Tower of Hanoi — Procedural — Ruby
# A Taste of Ruby .
Based on a Taste of Smalltalk ( Kaehler and Patterson ) # Tower of Hanoi -- Variation 1 # Recursive procedure to move the disk at a height # from one pin to another pin using a third pin def move_tower ( height , from Pin , to Pin , using Pin ) if ( height > 0 ) then move_tower ( height - 1 , from Pin , using Pin , to Pin ) move_disk ( from Pin , to Pin ) move_tower ( height - 1 , using Pin , to Pin , from Pin ) end end # Actually move the disk between the pins def move_disk ( from Pin , toPin ) print fromPin.to_s , " -> " , toPin.to_s , "
" end #
Do the tower move_tower ( 3, 1,3,2 )
You could simply paste this into irb to see it run .
Smalltalk without the IDE
Some people ( many people ) consider Smalltalk to mandatorily include an IDE and that you must use an IDE to create Smalltalk code and to run a Smalltalk application .
This is clearly not true and there are many examples of Smalltalk running without any IDE at all .
For example , GNU Smalltalk , Little Smalltalk , GemStone , and ‘ Headless Smalltalk ’ ( when you deploy VisualWorks you frequently strip the IDE code out ) are all valid Smalltalks that do not have an IDE in themselves and if you wanted them to run a program , you would just ‘ File it in ’ from a file .
I mention this because the next chapter of “ A Taste of Smalltalk ” shows the Smalltalk - 80 IDE as the way to create the Smalltalk code .
If you download Squeak you can follow fairly similar steps to the one in the book .
To make inter-language comparisons easier , I will instead use the ‘ File In ’ format when talking about Smalltalk programs .
Since that is missing from the book , here it is .
Note that the lines starting with ‘!’ are not Smalltalk language syntax but are part of the standard library for being able to ‘ file in ’ changes .
For most programming languages the two would be equivalent , but Smalltalk allows multiple ways of creating a program so the coupling is softer .
Tower of Hanoi — Procedural — Smalltalk
! Object methodsFor : ' hanoi ' stamp : ' MLF 8/28/2008 10:31 '!
moveTower : height from : fromPin to : to Pin using : using Pin ( height > 0 ) ifTrue : [ self moveTower : ( height - 1 ) from : from Pin to : using Pin using : to Pin. self moveDisk : fromPin to : toPin. self moveTower : ( height - 1 ) from : using Pin to : toPin using : fromPin ] !
moveDisk : fromPin to : to Pin Transcript show : ( fromPin printString , ' -> ' , toPin printString ) ; cr. ! !
" Do the tower ( Object new ) moveTower : 3 from : 1 to : 3 using : 2 !
Now an interesting thing about the Smalltalk version is that we had to create an object to execute our code .
Smalltalk does not have functions or procedures : it only has objects and messages that get sent to objects .
So we need some object to respond to the message .
There could be an implicit object associated with the ‘ File In ’ format — but there is n’t .
A second interesting thing about the Smalltalk version is that we modified Object itself .
So any of :
‘ Foo ’ moveTower : 3 from : 1 to : 3 using : 2
3 moveTower : 3 from : 1 to : 3 using : 2
false moveTower : 3 from : 1 to : 3 using : 2
nil moveTower : 3 from : 1 to : 3 using : 2
would work .
So because we modified Object and there are well known objects of type Object ( and descendants ) in the system , we did n’t have to actually create an Object at all .
Ruby is cleaner
In this particular case , Ruby is :
Doing a much cleaner thing by default ( for this file - in approach )
But can do exactly the same thing if told to
The “ cleaner thing by default ” is that Ruby statements ( commands ) when being executed are always talking to some object , and the default object is an object called ‘ main ’ .
So statements without an explicit object receiving the message send those messages to ‘ main ’ — and the message “ move_tower ” is sent to main .
And although Ruby does n’t describe itself quite like this , effectively ‘ def ’ could be viewed as a message and it is also sent to ‘ main ’ .
‘ def ’ creates a method on a Class — either the eigen - class of the receiving object or on a Class object .
So Ruby behaves almost identically to Smalltalk except it :
Has a default object for ‘ File In ’ format
Creates methods on the eigen - class if a non-class is the target of the def ‘ message ’
Probably the simplest way for Smalltalk to match this cleaner scripting approach is for a Smalltalk ‘ terminal ’ ( called IRS 🙂 to define ‘ self ’ as being itself and then the method definitions would automatically happen on itself .
So you would have lines like :
‘! self methodsFor : ‘ hanoi ’ …
self moveTower : 3 from : 1 …
and applying to Object would no longer be necessary .
This ‘ scripting ’ need has not been important to the Smalltalk community in general although someone may have something very like this .
Ruby being a bit more Smalltalkish
The second point above was that Ruby can do exactly what the Smalltalk code does .
This is n’t to show that this is a better approach ( in this case it is not ) , but to show the incredible similarity between the two languages .
# A Taste of Ruby .
Based on a Taste of Smalltalk ( Kaehler and Patterson ) # Tower of Hanoi -- Variation 1b class Object #
Recursive procedure to move the disk at a height # from one pin to another pin using a third pin def move_tower ( height , from Pin , to Pin , using Pin ) if ( height > 0 ) then move_tower ( height - 1 , from Pin , using Pin , to Pin ) move_disk ( from Pin , to Pin ) move_tower ( height - 1 , using Pin , to Pin , from Pin ) end end # Actually move the disk between the pins def move_disk ( from Pin , toPin ) print fromPin.to_s , " -> " , toPin.to_s , "
" end end #
Do the tower ( Object.new ) .move_tower ( 3,1,3,2 ) puts " ---" " HiThere " .move_tower ( 3,1,3,2 ) puts " ---" nil.move_tower ( 3,1,3,2 )
This similarity is way beyond casual similarity — enabling ‘ nil ’ to have a method by augmenting Object with almost exactly the same incantation makes for a very similar DNA .
Basically it seems like the Ruby language is a pure syntactic mutation on Smalltalk .
Fun with Ducks
The term “ Duck Typing ” was not around in the 80s ( AFAIK ) , but instead people talked about ‘ Dynamic Typing ’ where the Duckness was hidden under that Dynamic - ness .
There are certainly other terms too ( I used the term ‘ protocol ’ where protocol was just obeying the required messages and semantics properly — i.e. acting like a Duck ) .
This Hanoi example has a nice Duck property —
We do n’t care what the stacks are as long as they can be converted to Strings :
# Bizarre Hanoi Showing Duck Typing move_tower ( 3 , " Tower - 1 " , nil , Proc.new { || " Tower " })
Tower of Hanoi — Procedural — Java
For completeness , we should do the example in Java as well .
Given Java execution starts at some static ‘ main ’ method / procedure , it seems like the most natural version of this Procedural code is to stay on that static side .
class Hanoi { static public void main ( String [ ] args ) { moveTower ( 3, 1,3,2 ) ; } static public void moveTower ( int height , Object fromPin , Object to Pin , Object using Pin ) { if ( height > 0 ) { moveTower ( height - 1 , from Pin , using Pin , to Pin ) ; moveDisk ( fromPin , to Pin ) ; moveTower ( height - 1 , using Pin , to Pin , from Pin ) ; } } static public void moveDisk ( Object fromPin , Object to Pin ) { System.out.println ( " " + fromPin + " ->" +toPin ) ; } }
Comments
This example from “ A Taste of Smalltalk ” is the highly procedural version .
It is not meant to be a particularly good program , but it is a simple and good introductory example .
Because Ruby is an interpreter - oriented ( scripting - oriented ) language , it does quite well in making the example look simple and clean .
But even better ( IMO ) is that the developer has unknowingly shifted into a much more powerful programming model without any pain - of - entry .
I have never found Smalltalk to be hard but many people do and any barrier that prevents people from entering a community can harm both sides .
I believe the syntactic mutation in Ruby that hides an implicit object ( ‘ main ’ ) actually helps tremendously with accessibility of the language .
It would only be a problem if the syntactic mutation later penalized the experienced developer .
Logo , Turtles , and ‘ main ’
I recently decided my daughters ( 4 and 7 ) might as well learn how to program , so I fired up a version of Logo for them to play with .
Logo has a pleasing characteristic where you are talking to a graphical Turtle by default — you can program the turtle by telling it what to do directly and can then start working your way up in programming sophistication .
The Ruby ‘ main ’ seems to lend itself to the same thing .
You are by default talking to a ( more boring 🙂 ) turtle , which makes the first level of accessibility easier .
At one point I wanted to test something quickly in Smalltalk and actually forgot what object I had to talk to to do a simple ‘ print ’ .
Likewise with Java , ‘ System.out ’ is extremely obscure .
The ‘ Turtle ’ approach seems to help alleviate these kinds of issues a bit .
Where Next ?
Next we should go to Chapter 3 — Page 36 .
The Second Example .
Sgt. Willie Burns had a Tommy gun on the bench in front of him when his 18 handpicked candidates arrived at the 77th Street station on the edge of Watts .
It was a cool evening in November 1946 , and the men came in topcoats and hats .
Burns wore his low , almost over his eyes , like the bad guys .
Years later , he told a grand jury : “ My primary duties were to keep down these gangster killings and try to keep some of these rough guys under control . ”
But he had n’t given his fellow LAPD cops any hint of why they ’d been summoned that night .
Now he laid it out .
If they joined the Gangster Squad , their targets would be the likes of Bugsy Siegel , the playboy refugee from New York ’s Murder Inc. , and Jack Dragna , the Sicilian banana importer who quietly lorded over the city ’s rackets .
Then there was Mickey Cohen , the dapper former prizefighter who had come to town as Bugsy ’s muscle but soon had his own cafe on North La Brea and a “ paint store ” nearby with three phones to take bets .
That ’s where he ’d shot a produce broker whose family ran competing bookie joints .
Mickey said the man came at him with a .45 , the one found beside the body , and there were no witnesses to contradict his story .
“ It was me or him , ” Mickey said .
“ I let him have it . ”
There had been three more mob rub-outs around L.A. since then , including the shotgunning of two Chicago men outside a Hollywood apartment .
That one generated a “ Gangsters in Gambling War ” headline that was a prime reason Police Chief C.B. Horrall wanted those 18 cops to see what a Thompson submachine gun looked like .
“ You ’ll be working with these , ” Burns told them .
The deal was :
If they signed on , they ’d continue to belisted on the rosters of their old stations .
They ’d have no office , only two unmarked cars .
They ’d almost never make arrests .
They ’d simply gather “ intelligence ” and be available for other chores .
In effect , they would not exist .
Burns gave them a week to ponder advice from an old lieutenant at the 77th , who said an assignment like that could get you in good with the chief .
“ Or you could end up down in San Pedro , walking a beat in a fog . ”
After the week , only seven came back , making a squad of eight , counting Burns .
“ We did a lot of things that we ’d get indicted for today , ” said Sgt. Jack O’Mara .
* * *
On the job a decade before J. Edgar Hoover ’s FBI acknowledged the existence of the Mafia , they took an anything - goes approach to making life hell for Mickey Cohen and driving other such characters from the Southern California sunshine .
They used a look - alike Pac Bell truck to plant bugs , to hell with warrants .
They did secret favors for Jack Webb , who glorified the LAPD with his “ Dragnet ” TV show .
They stole evidence from mobsters and neutralized a pesky newspaper columnist .
And Jack O’Mara personally set a trap for the showboating Mickey , to prove he was a killer .
There were close calls -- grand jury investigations , lawsuits and a skeptical chief or two -- but they endured through the 1950s .
That ’s when one of their cases changed the ground rules for policing in California and when one of their own -- Jerry Wooters , the most reckless of them all -- grew far too friendly with L.A. 's homegrown hoodlum , Jack “ the Enforcer ” Whalen .
But when “ the Enforcer ” made the mistake of confronting Mickey and his crew at a hangout in the Valley , a bullet between the eyes signaled that the Gangster Squad ’s time was over , and so was a defining era in the city ’s history .
Noir L.A. was a time and place where truth was not found in the sunlight , and justice not found in marble courthouses , and where not a single gangland killing was solved , not one , for half a century .
Not on paper , anyway .
* * *
Their first assignment : the visitors shaking down Hollywood restaurants and nightclubs .
“ Hoodlum types from Rhode Island , ” in O’Mara ’s words , “ what we called ‘ dandruff . ’ ”
The fear of evil outsiders had been a refrain in L.A. before any of these cops were born .
You could go back to 1891 , when this was a community of 70,000 with a police force of 75 , and hear Chief John Glass warn of “ Eastern crooks ” seeking warm weather and easy pickings .
After the turn of the century , the invaders were upgraded to “ Eastern gangsters , ” and in 1927 Det. Ed “ Roughhouse ” Brown became a local legend by escorting Al Capone to the train when the notorious mobster was discovered in a downtown hotel .
“ I thought you folks liked tourists , ” Capone said before returning to Chicago .
Now a new group of “ tourists ” was demanding 25 % of the take at landmarks such as the Mocambo and Brown Derby , and the club owners did not want to go to court , worried what might happen to their families .
A state crime report would warn anew of an “ Invasion of Undesirables . ”
“ What are you gonna do ? ” O’Mara asked .
The view was great from the hills off Mulholland Drive .
So why not escort these hoodlums up there and , as O’Mara put it , “ have a little heart - to - heart talk with ‘em , emphasize the fact that this was n’t New York , this was n’t Chicago , this was n’t Cleveland .
And we leaned on ‘em a little , you know what I mean ?
Up in the Hollywood Hills , off Coldwater Canyon , anywhere up there .
And it ’s dark at night . ”
Amid that darkness , he would “ put a kind of a gun to their ear and say , ‘ You want to sneeze ? ’ ”
That was O’Mara ’s signature , the gun in the ear and a few suggestive words : “ Do you feel a sneeze coming on ?
A real loud sneeze ? ”
* * *
The squad members met on street corners or in parking lots .
Their 1940 Fords had 200,000 miles on them and holes in the floorboard so they could pour fluid into the master cylinders .
At times five men rode in one , and if several smoked cigars , their suits would stink so bad they ’d hang them outdoors at night .
Their three Tommy guns came with 50 - round drums and beautiful violin cases , but were a pain -- they could n’t leave them in the trunk and risk having them stolen .
O’Mara slept with his under his bed .
When they did get an office , it was a cubbyhole in the decaying Central station , which had horse stalls from the 1880s .
It was tempting to see them as a wrecking crew , with several resembling another new team in town , the football Rams .
Doug “ Jumbo ” Kennard stood 6 - foot - 4 , Archie Case weighed 250 and Benny Williams was construction - strong -- one of the cops who built the Police Academy in their spare time .
But a team needed a quarterback or two , men tough and clever , like Burns , who ’d been a gunnery officer during the war .
Or Jack O’Mara .
Born in 1917 , he spent his toddler years in Portland , Ore. , until ice storms inspired his father to pile the family into a Model T and drive south .
Jack landed at Manual Arts High , where he was n’t the speediest guy on the track team but never understood how anyone beat him .
For fun , he boxed .
Not quite 135 pounds , he had to stuff himself with bananas and ice cream to make the weight for the LAPD , which needed men in the wake of its scandals of the 1930s , when a mayor and chief were caught selling promotions and a rogue squad planted a bomb under the car of a civic reformer .
“ It was a lousy , crooked department , ” said Max Solomon , Bugsy Siegel ’s attorney .
O’Mara became part of a generation that was supposed to change all that .
At the academy , he foolishly kept racing the fastest man in the Class of 1940 , Tom Bradley , the former UCLA track star and future mayor , though he had no chance of winning .
He worked patrol and traffic until Pearl Harbor , when the U.S. Coast Guard gave him an aptitude test and sent him to a cryptography unit in the Aleutian Islands , part of the effort to intercept Japanese communications and break their code .
Who knew he had brains ?
When he returned , he was a pipe - smoking , 165 - pound Spencer Tracy look - alike , and just the sort Burns wanted for his hush - hush unit .
Other cops suspected they were internal spies , headhunters , a rumor that started when a beat officer confided to the chief ’s office that a bookmaking barber was inviting cops to “ get on the take . ”
The squad caravaned to the barbershop , “ ripped everything , kicked all the walls out , ” O’Mara said , and shaved the guy ’s head with his own razors .
Pleased , the brass gave them more muscle : 6 - foot - 5 Jerry Greeley and Lindo “ Jaco ” Giacopuzzi , a 230 - pound former all - Valley football lineman who had built himself up carting milk cans at his family ’s dairy .
When that pair got a Tommy gun , they showed they understood the rules of this gig -- that there were none in dealing with Mickey Cohen and his ilk .
Asked to stake out the clothing store Mickey had opened , they decided to leave his crew guessing whether they were cops or out - of - town hoods .
They took the plates off their unmarked car and found others -- from Illinois -- in the trash at the DMV , then parked up the block from Mickey ’s place .
One of Mickey ’s men went out to investigate and “ every time he ’d pass by us , we ’d put our coat up and pull our hat down , ” Giacopuzzi recalled .
“ So when we left , I was driving , and all the men in Mickey ’s establishment there came out on the sidewalk . . . and I took the car and I swerved it . . . and Greeley leaned way out of the window with the Tommy gun .
And you should have seen them hit the deck . ”
It was a great prank to share with the squad , the fake drive - by , and maybe they would n’t have done it later , after someone -- not faking -- came by Mickey ’s haberdashery on the Sunset Strip with a shotgun .
That was no laughing matter , the dead body that marked the start of the Sunset Wars .
* * *
The squad made news for the first time on Nov. 15 , 1947 , with a report that Willie Burns and O’Mara had led a “ flying detachment ” that rousted six Midwesterners on Wilshire in a limo with New York plates .
The six were booked on suspicion of robbery , though there was no evidence they had yet committed any crime in Los Angeles .
Photographers were invited into the Wilshire station to snap them seated on a bench , several with bowed heads .
Then four were escorted to the county border .
Of course , no one knew then what would become of the two men who were allowed to stay on promises of good behavior .
Who could have guessed that James Fratianno , an ex-con “ used - car salesman ” from Cleveland , would become infamous as Jimmy the Weasel , the L.A. mob ’s most prolific hit man ?
Who could have guessed that James Regace would rise to head that mob three decades later , under his real name , Dominic Brooklier ?
What mattered at the time was that the squad had sent some suspicious characters packing and thus sent a signal to the civilian populace and to Mickey et al .
That second audience did get the message -- the bug in Mickey ’s Brentwood home made that clear .
His right - hand man , Neddie Herbert , was overheard the day after the roust , saying : “ I ca n’t meet you at the Mocambo , I ’m afraid they ’ll pick me up . ”
At 3:30 a.m. , he updated Mickey : “ Somebody else got picked up .
Jesus Christ .
I ’m getting out of this .
I want to live to be a grandfather . ”
“ They ca n’t make anybody leave town , ” Mickey said .
“ It ’s against the Constitution . ”
The Gangster Squad could not take credit for that eavesdropping , or be blamed when it turned into a fiasco .
The squad was still getting organized when vice detectives leaped at an opening provided by Mickey ’s renovation of a ranch house on Moreno Drive .
Five posed as construction workers , when the real ones took off , and hid a microphone between the wood bin and the fireplace .
The bug was set by the time Mickey and Lavonne Cohen moved in , and soon was picking up barking by Tuffy , their bulldog .
The vice team ’s mistake was hiring a private bugging expert , because he secretly ran a second line to his own listening post .
For a year it gave him -- along with the LAPD -- a window into what Mickey was up to : talking about fixing charity boxing matches , telling someone back East that “ we need a shotgun in the outfit , ” grumbling about greedy cops who “ grab it and tear your arm off ” when you offer them “ a gift . ”
But the bug picked up nothing of note on June 20 , 1947 , when Bugsy Siegel was shot through the eye while reading the Los Angeles Times in his living room a few miles east .
Mickey kept mum about Bugsy ’s demise , which left him and Jack Dragna to fight for control of local gambling .
Mickey ’s crew did complain about the leader of the Gangster Squad , Willie Burns , and how some cops were harassing customers at his haberdashery .
“ It ’s ridiculous , ” Mickey said .
“ Anybody who they see leave the store they take right downtown . ”
Not long after , Burns ’ wife received flowers at home , a funeral arrangement .
* * *
Some hoodlums understand the wisdom of anonymity , but the 5 - foot - 5 Mickey was the opposite breed , like Capone , or later John Gotti .
Mickey cultivated his image as a “ dese , dem and dose ” sort who worked his way up to monogrammed silk pajamas .
He could claim to be a local boy too , for while he was Brooklyn - born , as Meyer Harris Cohen , his mother moved west to Boyle Heights , where he got a paperboy ’s education in the streets and began boxing with a Star of David on his trunks .
He moved East to compete as a top featherweight and settled in Cleveland and Chicago , where he met the Capones and segued into “ rooting , ” his term for “ sticking up joints . ”
Now Mickey sped between nightspots in an entourage of Cadillacs and boasted that he wore suits just twice , then sold them at his store .
He made no secret of his hand - washing mania , either , cleaning them constantly for fear that germs , not bullets , would get him .
But he was no joke -- a commission appointed by Gov. Earl Warren estimated that “ the Cohen gang ” had 500 bookies under its wing , with Mickey demanding $ 40 a week for each telephone in return for his protection .
And although the LAPD once was the place to secure that protection , by 1947 he found it easier to do business in some of the county ’s other 46 law enforcement jurisdictions , especially Burbank , whose police chief soon was able to buy a 56 - foot yacht , largely with cash .
Yet it was n’t easy to get the goods on Mickey , for he ’d say one instant that a gambling joint was worth “ over half a million , ” then lament that he still owed $ 45,000 on his house and , oh yeah , “ I have n’t booked a horse in four years . ”
Later ,
Mickey insisted he knew all along the cops had “ a bug in my rug ” and that ’s why he dished them so much nonsense .
But he seems to have learned of the bug by chance , when his gardener plunged a shovel through an underground wire .
Mickey had his property swept and found the mike by the wood box .
Soon after , he obtained partial transcripts of his conversations , 126 pages of notes that the private bug man apparently had taken and now was selling along the Sunset Strip .
The San Francisco Chronicle and the L.A.
Times got them too , generating “ Cohen ’s Secrets ” and “ Cohen ’s Big Deals ” headlines . . . and questions about why the man still walked free if authorities had all that dirt on him .
That ’s why the Gangster Squad had its own bug man .
* * *
From an Iowa farm family that came west in a covered wagon , Con Keeler had grown up tinkering with radios and could cobble together crude bugs using telephone and hearing aid parts .
He also knew Navy intelligence officers who were developing eavesdropping systems that did not require long , telltale wires -- a welcome innovation given that Mickey would be looking for wires .
In this system , the mike was connected to a transmitter that sent signals you could pick up blocks away .
The downside was that you had to hide a six - pack of batteries with the transmitter and replace them every week .
But the first challenge was planting the equipment .
That was especially daunting at Mickey ’s house because someone -- probably Dragna -- had exploded dynamite under it .
Mickey now had round - the - clock guards , swinging searchlights and an armored front door with a porthole window .
The answer ?
A diversion .
As soon as Mickey and Lavonne went out one night , two squad members began digging noisily in a nearby lot .
When Mickey ’s guards went to have a look , Keeler climbed a fence and crept though an orange grove behind the house .
He had burlap over his shoes to silence his footsteps and ammonia on his clothes to drive off dogs .
The bombing had left splintered openings under the house , and Keeler was able to slide one bug inside a closet where Mickey stacked dozens of pairs of shoes .
Then he crept out through the orchard and past the home of an English physician who had worked for British intelligence in the war and was letting them use his garage as a listening post .
But they had n’t counted on what their bugging would do to Mickey ’s TV .
At a time when only 10 million Americans had sets , he had the fanciest sold by W&J Sloane department store , with a “ distinguished mahogany ” cabinet and 45 tubes to guarantee clear reception .
Now they overheard him ranting about the screwy lines on Channel 2 .
Listening from the doctor ’s garage , the squad knew what was up -- their transmission was too close to the lowest frequency picked up by a TV .
Mickey was likely to figure it out also .
“ We could hear him call up and raise hell with W&J Sloane company .
‘ Take this goddamn thing out of here or come out and have somebody fix it !’ ” O’Mara recalled .
“ Sure enough , they sent a technician out . ”
O’Mara had an idea -- intercept the repair truck .
“ Pulled him over , talked to him .
He was scared , but he agreed .
‘ I ’d like you to take a man , ’ I said . ”
Mickey wanted service ?
He ’d get two men fiddling with the back of his set .
“ While we ’re in , we put in another bug .
Right in his TV .
And the batteries to run the damn bug . ”
This one used a slightly different frequency that would not put annoying oscillations on Channel 2 .
“ Mickey said , ‘ Fine , well , fine , thank you , guys ’ and gave ‘em 25 bucks apiece for a tip , you know .
Well , my guy takes Mickey aside and says , ‘ Lookit , I ’ll be back in here once a week and take care of it .
You know , there ’s a lot of bugs in televisions and stuff you have to work out . ’ ”
Mickey had to think his lavish tips were why the repairman was so eager to get into his TV every week .
OK , so the bug could n’t hear much when Mickey ’s TV was on , and it was on all the time .
But O’Mara sensed that their mission might be measured by small victories , and it was a small victory , for sure , to be able to say , a half - century later . . . and that ’s how Mickey Cohen wound up paying for his own bugging .
paul.lieberman@latimes.com
Times researcher Maloy Moore and former researcher Tracy Thomas contributed to this series .
# 835413 +( 2037 ) - [ X ] < kuiper >
My mom got me a toilet brush for Christmas .
< sic > lmao
< sic > have you been using it ?
< kuiper >
Well , yeah , but it has n't been working too well .
In fact , I think I may just go back to using paper .
The secret to McCain 's enduring popularity is known as psychology of previous investment .
Have you ever heard of a gambler who upon losing the first 10,000 dollars digs his hole deeper by losing his house , car and family heirlooms in one night at the casino ?
What propelled him to risk ever grater amounts when the night clearly was n't going his way ?
Ever witnessed a stubborn boss who babysat one favorite area of his and destroyed the rest of the company in the process ?
What makes that businessman ruin the company by pursuing an unprofitable pet project to the detriment of profitable product lines ?
There is a very powerful psychological drive which makes us intuit that just because we invested a lot of time , money , effort or emotion into something then that something must have been worth quite a bit .
Otherwise we would n't have invested all of those resources , right ?
Wrong .
It is very common for people to pursue worthless ideas , spend time on meaningless activities and place their loyalties in the wrong people .
Once they have made the investment they intuitively rationalize the value of what they invested in .
The higher the amount of investment the stronger the bond .
It was mentioned on the news that during the dotcom crash of 2000 some CEO 's had to receive counseling in order to let go of their inane ideas .
A team was formed that called themselves dotcom gravediggers and their staff consisted of accountants , lawyers but also psychologists and even an ex-FBI hijack / hostage negotiator .
In politics , just like in other areas of our lives a lot of us have very strong emotional investment in the candidacy of a particular figure .
The better known the candidate and the longer the bond the more difficult it is to break it .
The amount of prior " investment " in the candidate elevates that candidate in the eyes of the beholder .
John McCain has been acting like a clown for most of his campaign and his support is melting away but not crashing in a way that most of us would expect or hope for .
In order to achieve that two things must happen .
First , the emotional attachment to McCain must be broken and second people who felt invested in his candidacy must get the sense it is OK to let go .
This realization can take various forms but in most people it invokes the sense of loss that is described in the famous five stages of grief : denial , anger , bargaining , depression and acceptance .
Those stages do n't always occur in the same order for all people and some people skip certain phases .
But on the whole they will follow the pattern of proceeding from denial ( " John is just having a Senior moment , how cute ! " ) to anger ( " I 've had enough of those lies about our honorable Prisoner of War that the liberul media is feeding us " ) to bargaining ( " his economic muscle is not there but at least his national security credentials are way up there ! " ) to depression ( " I 'm not voting for anybody this year , there is nobody worth voting for " ) and finally acceptance ( " hey maybe that whippersnapper from Chicago would make a good president after all ! " ) .
Now I do n't know where most of the Republican voters ' minds are along this process but my hunch is that they are past denial and possibly past the anger stage but probably still bargaining .
If McCain keeps running his campaign the way he has been for the past few weeks he is going to leave them few if any mental bargaining chips .
Only when they have reached the depression stage are they actually able to shut the door on the idea of McCain presidency and move forward towards acceptance .
That 's when they become open to being convinced of the merit of the other candidate but not before .
This is exactly why a single gaffe or a single boneheaded move will not cause McCain to lose 20 % of his base overnight .
Even if he gets caught in bed filming an leather fetish porno with Sarah Palin .
Now , do n't get me wrong .
His gaffes help and his erratic behavior is giving many of his supporters a long pause .
But it will take a fair amount of time before you really see the shift build up in our direction purely because the human mind is capable of some of the most irrational behavior when the fallacy of previous investment kicks in .
Expect those people to make many irrational arguments to support John McCain and do n't dismiss them out of hand .
Realize that those people are psychologically in a peculiar place and they are not going to accept your rational arguments as soon as you rattle them off .
They have five stages of grief to go through .
South Korean researchers from the Korea Institute of Science and Technology recently unveiled the humanoid robot Mahru .
The robot can dance and get emotional when not doing chores .
It can also emit two kinds of fragrances based on its emotions .
I guess we will smell the doom coming when the robots finally overtake us .
Video after the break .
Link via ( Today Online )
Rolling Stone
Will the GOP ’s campaign to deter new voters and discard Democratic ballots determine the next president ?
By Robert Kennedy Jr. and Greg Palast
[..]
Suppressing the vote has long been a cornerstone of the GOP ’s electoral strategy .
Shortly before the election of Ronald Reagan in 1980 , Paul Weyrich — a principal architect of today ’s Republican Party — scolded evangelicals who believed in democracy .
“ Many of our Christians have what I call the ‘ goo goo ’ syndrome — good government , ” said Weyrich , who co-founded Moral Majority with Jerry Falwell .
“ They want everybody to vote .
I do n’t want everybody to vote .
. . .
As a matter of fact , our leverage in the elections quite candidly goes up as the voting populace goes down . ”
Today , Weyrich ’s vision has become a national reality .
Since 2003 , according to the U.S. Election Assistance Commission , at least 2.7 million new voters have had their applications to register rejected .
In addition , at least 1.6 million votes were never counted in the 2004 election — and the commission ’s own data suggests that the real number could be twice as high .
To purge registration rolls and discard ballots , partisan election officials used a wide range of pretexts , from “ unreadability ” to changes in a voter ’s signature .
And this year , thanks to new provisions of the Help America Vote Act , the number of discounted votes could surge even higher . [.. ]
RFK Jr.and Greg Palast have done a great service to the country here with their new voter guide Steal Back Your Vote .
They have been investigating election fraud and voter suppression for years .
Robert F. Kennedy Jr. wrote an article after the 2004 election that was published in Rolling Stone called Was the 2004 Election Stolen ?
that detailed how more than 350,000 voters in Ohio were prevented from casting ballots or having their votes counted – enough to have put John Kerry in the White House .
In Block the Vote , Kennedy and Palast are more proactive , breaking down the tactics being used to block the votes BEFORE the election arrives , so that people can find their way through the election day mine field and have their votes count and be counted .
Here are the six tactics they focus on :
Obstructing Voter - Registration Drives Demanding “ Perfect Matches ” Purging Legitimate Voters From the Rolls Requiring Unnecessary Voter ID ’s Rejecting “ Spoiled ” Ballots Challenging “ Provisional ” Ballots
From Greg Palast :
“ I do n’t think the Democrats get it .
All these new rules and games … could flip the vote to the GOP in half a dozen states . ”
For the free , downloadable comic book / voter guide : Steal Back Your Vote .
Again , from Greg Palast :
Officially , 2.7 million voters have been purged from the voter rolls since the last election .
And those voters were n’t vanished by ACORN or Mickey Mouse .
‘ The Purge ’n General , ” “ Nuns on the Run ” and “ Votes Gone Rotten . ”
What ’s so funny about the death of Democracy ?
Would you rather CRY ?
Based on my investigation with Kennedy in the current issue of Rolling Stone .
Featuring art by the graphic gonzo ’s Ted Rall , Lukas Ketner and Troubletown ’s Lloyd Dangle .
Download the guide and find out what really is happening in the scary world of election theft , and find out how you can protect your vote in 7 easy steps .
Please spread the word – our servers can take it – we have a goal of 100,000 downloads by the end of the week – - equal to the number of new voters denied their registration rights in Florida – help us get the word out tell everyone you know to go to www.StealBackYourVote.org and download the guide for FREE – or if you can – support out investigations and donate .
Put our banners on your site , grab a page from the guide and put it up on your blog – or embed the Robert F. Kennedy Jr.video PSA .
Last night on the Rachel Maddow Show , Robert Kennedy Jr. was the guest and spoke extensively on Steal Back Your Vote :
For more information , visit No Voter Left Behind and Steal Back Your Vote .
: : : : : : : : : :
The Roger Ailes led FOX News is actually saying this stuff .
A big talking point coming out of the right wing press is that poor America might be subjected to a Democratic - led government after the election .
You know , since the country is just so vibrant right now after eight years of Bush and Conservatism , but O'Reilly 's comedy hour is just beginning .
He 's been bashing the " librul press " with a renewed vigor lately and was lamenting that the press will be complicate in enabling Obama 's policies if he does win .
O'Reilly :
My fear is when you have a collision if Obama wins the election where you have a committed left Congress and a committed left President with a committed left media , they all then meld together .
I do n't think this is healthy for the country , Juan .
You 're going to have a media that is sympathetic to whatever Congress and the President does , no matter what it is and you are going to have very few voices , talk radio , this network , some people , ummm in dissent .
I 'm getting a little uneasy here .
First of all , the press is supposed to cover the news and investigate it , not out - of - hand " dissent " an administration as O'Reilly says he will .
Wow , I 'm so shocked that Bill is a little uneasy with the possibility that the Democratic Party may have a chance to govern this country .
When Bush and his cronies ran this country into the dirt , where was Bill ?
Oh , yea , he was cheerleading the Iraq war and the use of torture to name a few .
When Juan tries to remind him of all the years of Republican control , he does n't attack their policies or what they did to all of us , he just says , " and a liberal media . "
Ha !
I never heard O'Reilly complain about a committed media bias towards Bush since they helped get him elected over Gore in 2000 .
Juan always starts off with some good points against O'Reilly and then usually falls right in line , like he does in this video clip .
Williams believes that Obama should become a centrist .
Please Juan , Obama can do without your help .
Besides all these pesky facts that I 've been posting about for four years involving the media 's culpability in allowing Bush to lie us into war with Iraq , BillO really is a piece of work .
Does BillO remember how the press treated Clinton ?
Of course he does .
This will be a huge talking point for the right and for many in the media as well .
Fear the big bad Nancy Pelosi and Harry Reid or they will eat your children .
And the election has n't even taken place .
FOX certainly knows how to organize their talking points .
Download the free POLADROID application and launch it Drag & Drop your photos Wait ... wait .... wait again ... or shake the picture .
Then look at or print your POLADROID picture :)
This version is BETA but really works .
New features will be progressively added .
Help me to support that project .
Add your comments below and ... if you can , make a donation by paypal .
Consult also the list of all donors ;)
From his interview to air tonight on Larry King Live .
Larry has a way of coaxing it out , does n't he ?
KING : You do n't believe Barack Obama is a socialist do you ?
MCCAIN : " No , but i do believe that he has been in the far left of American politics and stated time after time that he believes in spreading the wealth around .
He has talked about courts that redistribute the wealth .
He has a record of voting against tax cuts .
And for tax increases . "
comments closed
permalink
Wayne Rooney admitted Saturday he had undergone a hair transplant , the results of which the British soccer player said he would reveal on Monday .
However , the ever- crafty Hernia mole has learned that Rooney selected one of following three options :
70s Barry Manilow
Young Version of Rob Corddry from " Hot Tub Time Machine "
The always popular Hi-Top Fade
This sent chills up my spine :
" Now it turns out , one of his earliest supporters is a man named Bill Ayers , " Palin said .
" Boooo ! " said the crowd .
" And , according to the New York Times , he was a domestic terrorist and part of a group that , quote , ' launched a campaign of bombings that would target the Pentagon and our U.S. Capitol , ' " she continued .
" Boooo ! " the crowd repeated .
" Kill him ! " proposed one man in the audience .
Is this really the kind of sentiment that McCain and Palin want to provoke in this campaign ?
( Photo : Republican supporters wearing T - shirts featuring pictures of Democratic presidential candidate Illinois Senator Barack Obama with cross marked as they cheer while waiting at the Home Depot Centre before Republican vice - president candidate Sarah Palin arrived for a campaign rally in Carson on October 4 , 2008 .
By Jewel Samad / AFP / Getty . )
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Government and independent investigators are still trying to figure out who , exactly , hit Georgia ’s websites during its August war with Russia .
Now , one of the hackers who claims to be behind some of the cyberattacks is telling all .
When the online assaults against Georgia began , everyone from the Russian government to a defunct , Moscow - based criminal consortium was blamed .
A recent , preliminary report from the " Grey Goose " collection of online sleuths alleged that nationalistic Russian hackers , working largely on their own , bore a great deal of responsibility for the cyberstrikes .
The account from Leonid " R0id " Stroikov , in the latest edition of Xakep ( " Hacker " ) magazine , appears to confirm the Grey Goose hypothesis .
In the article , Stroikov talks about how he hit the website of the Georgian parliament — and why he decided to do it .
Countries today , Stroikov writes , " actively use the Internet for transmitting their point of view . "
So when Stroikov ’s " peaceful drink of beer " was " unexpectedly interrupted with the news of the developing situation in the Georgian - Ossetian conflict , " he decided to strike a blow for Russia in the information war .
Stroikov was n’t able to break into his first few targets : the news site presa.ge and the search engine internet .
ge .
But he says he found better luck at parliament .ge , the website of the Georgian assembly .
First , he used an SQL injection ( junk code that confuses a website ’s back - end database ) to get into parliament .
ge ’s list of users .
Then , Stroikov employed a brute force attack to get an administrative password for the site .
" What happened next , I think , does n’t make much sense to go into .
Let ’s just call
It my little secret , " he writes .
According to reports in the Sydney Morning Herald and elsewhere , hackers posted to parliament .ge a slideshow comparing Georgia ’s president to Adolf Hitler .
The site claimed it was " hacked by the South Ossetia Hack Crew . "
Rafal Rohozinski , a principal at the SecDev Group , cautions that
Stroikov ’s story ca n’t be taken as completely authoritative .
" This assumes , of course , is that the account as truthful , and not just after - the - fact boasting .
The problem with magazines like ‘ Hacker ’ is that often they are a method of self promotion and self - aggrandizement , rather than a truthful rendition of facts , " he tells Danger Room .
But Stroikov ’s article the most explicit , most detailed public claim of responsibility for the Georgia electronic attacks I ’ve seen so far .
Ryan Phillippe wears a supernatural - looking mask in Franklyn , a British film coming out next year .
He plays the only atheist in a city full of religious fanatics .
Writer / director Gerald McMorrow spilled the beans yesterday about the film 's weird set - up .
Advertisement
Philippe plays a detective named Jonathan Preest who lives in a dystopian alternate world called Meanwhile City , where religion is the main form of social control .
The clever twist ?
The evil overlords do n't care what religion you believe in , as long as they can use your beliefs to tame you .
The bad news is , the Meanwhile City segments are only a quarter of the movie .
The other three quarters deal with characters in the " real " world , and the film cuts back and forth between their stories .
All four narrative lines come together in the end , in some fashion that McMorrow can't reveal without spoiling the ending .
It sounds very The Fountain , but the Meanwhile City stuff sounds very Brazil .
Says McMorrow :
It 's this place which is sort - of run by a shadowy , religious uber - power called The Ministry who has decided , over the centuries , that as long as they can get their population to believe in something - anything - they can control them .
People have faiths and religions based on strange things like The Seventh Day Manicurists and Washing Machine Street Preachers .
Their doctrines and dogmas are all based on things like washing machine instructions .
Advertisement
I like the idea that the Ministry can use religion to rule , without having to prescribe a particular faith .
We 're always being told that religious pluralism will save us from theocracy .
But a diversity of beliefs does n't negate their usefulness as a tool of control .
The bizarro religious groups also sound very promising .
So really the only question is can McMorrow channel good Terry Gilliam , and avoid falling into Brothers Grimm - style campiness ?
Oh , and is device of intersecting storylines as annoying and contrived as it sounds , or can McMorrow make it work somehow ?
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
RT Visits The Set of Franklyn [ Rotten Tomatoes ]
( PhysOrg.com ) --
Researchers at the University of California , Davis , have identified a plant protein that is a key player in moderating resistance to infectious disease .
The discovery has significant implications for medical and agricultural researchers , particularly those working to improve global rice production .
The protein , called XB15 , keeps the plant 's immune response from overreacting and damaging the plant .
Findings from the study , led by UC Davis rice geneticist Pamela Ronald , were published today in the journal The Public Library of Science Biology .
For more than 20 years , Ronald and her colleagues have been working to better understand the genetics behind how rice plants respond to the environment .
They have developed rice plants that can better withstand environmental stresses , such as flooding and infectious diseases .
In 1995 , the Ronald lab identified a protein in rice that serves as a " pathogen recognition receptor . "
Such receptors are proteins found in virtually all higher organisms and are key to controlling the plant and animal response to infection .
The researchers found that this particular receptor in rice -- known as XA21 -- was very similar to proteins in humans and other animals that control the innate immune response .
While such immune responses are critical to the survival of the plant or animal , they do come at a cost .
In fact , in humans , the failure to regulate these responses can lead to various diseases , including some cancers .
Scientists have found that most plants or animals have built - in biochemical moderators , known as negative regulators , which keep an organism 's immune response in check .
These negative regulators make sure that a defense against a perceived pathogen is only mounted when truly needed .
In this recent study , Ronald and her colleagues identified a negative regulator for the XA21 pathogen recognition receptor -- a protein they named XB15 .
" This finding gives us a better understanding of how the innate immune response is controlled , " said Ronald , who chairs UC Davis ' Plant Genomics Program .
Ronald and colleagues have shown that rice plants carrying an altered XB15 protein have enhanced resistance to bacterial leaf blight , which causes a serious bacterial disease of rice .
They also discovered that if this protein is excessively produced in rice plants carrying the XA21 resistance gene , it could actually compromise the plant 's ability to defend against the disease .
" This information should help us to develop hardier , more productive rice plants that can better meet the worldwide demand for rice , " Ronald said .
She noted that in parts of Asia , bacterial leaf blight has been known to reduce annual rice yields by as much as 60 percent .
" Rice is the staple food for more than half the world 's population , " Ronald said .
" In developing countries , such significant crop losses translate directly into human suffering . "
Collaborating on this study with Ronald were Chang - Jin Park , Ying Peng , Xuewei Chen , DeLing Ruan , Patrick E. Canlas and Rebecca Bart , all of UC Davis , and Christopher Dardick , formerly of the Ronald lab and now at the U.S. Department of Agriculture 's Appalachian Fruit Research Station in Kearneysville , W.Va .
Provided by UC Davis
Explore further Unlocking the rice immune system
READER COMMENTS ON
" Republican Presidential Campaigns Through the Years : A BRAD BLOG Retrospective "
( 13 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 9/14/2008 @ 2:42 pm PT ...
Looks like the bridge to making money and power connections , but nothin else .
Next page please , for the sake of our children and the planet .
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... Joan said on 9/14/2008 @ 4:30 pm PT ...
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... mick said on 9/14/2008 @ 5:30 pm PT ...
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... mick said on 9/14/2008 @ 11:23 pm PT ...
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... what now toons said on 9/15/2008 @ 12:36 am PT ...
All I 've seen is Nixon , Regan and a couple of Bush 's and all of them were champion liars .
The latest wanna
Bee 's have got to be the biggest liars of all .
So much so I had to animate one of my weekly political cartoons and put it up on You Tube , it 's called " Liar 's Club ! " and here 's the link ; http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vQI6H6MSaXw it 's also up on my site www.whatnowtoons.com
And please , no more Republican presidents or House majorities for a while now !
Thank you , no go out and register to vote , NOW !
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... BillCarson said on 9/15/2008 @ 2:42 am PT ...
Wo n't get fooled again ... ( hopefully )
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 9/15/2008 @ 2:46 am PT ...
Predicting that having your money in a safe is safer than a bank .
Good Morning , predicting the stock market down on Monday .
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... oneguy said on 9/15/2008 @ 6:55 am PT ...
laugh yer arse off as you listen to the what is probably the beginning of the change over to the Amero !
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... Bamboo Harvester said on 9/15/2008 @ 8:02 am PT ...
Homeless Veterans ~ Highest Veteran suicide rate Many Financial Institutions going under . . .
Kinder Gentler . . .
Machine Gun Hand ... The Banks went under ... Compationate Conservative = Kompationate Konservative Krap
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... Nunyabiz said on 9/15/2008 @ 8:13 am PT ...
Let us not forget that ALL of these cretins are WAR CRIMINALS .
Here is the entire 2 day Bush War Crimes Conference archived that was held this weekend In Andover Mass Law School .
http://www.ustream.tv/warcrimes
This is I believe about the sixth such event in the past 5 years .
War Crimes tribunals etc .
How many here have even heard of ANY of them ?
Great job the MSM does in keeping the American public dumb as stick is n't it ?
Meanwhile a war mongering senile doddering old fool on deaths bed with a complete freaking lunatic of a VP are GOING to be S-elected in Nov .
Will the MSM be held accountable ?
NO
Will this congress be held accountable ?
NO
Will the Bush crime family be held accountable for ANYTHING ?
NO
Will there be massive outrage , 10s of millions on the streets demanding change or else ?
NOPE !
So we will get exactly what we deserve in Nov .
User group for web developers of all levels to discuss productivity tools for using Ajax to build Web 2.0 and Rich Internet Applications
As we know , the Bush administration has gifted us with two wars .
It has also promulgated the " Bush Doctrine , " which asserts the nation ’s right to launch a preventive strike against any country that could potentially threaten the U.S.
At the same time , this administration has supported expanding NATO to include former parts of the Soviet Union , such as Georgia and Ukraine .
Since the fall of the Berlin Wall , the West has moved its presence closer and closer to Moscow itself .
The Baltic states , which border Russia , have been brought into the European Union and NATO .
Poland , together with Bulgaria and Hungary , once elements of the Soviet Bloc , are now members of the EU and NATO .
In addition , the administration has pressured and bribed Poland , as well as the Czech Republic , into authorizing our military to establish anti-missile weapons and advanced radar in the two countries .
Although Washington claims that those bases are intended solely to protect against Iranian rockets  which are not advanced enough to threaten the U.S. 
Moscow believes that they are being installed with Russian weapons in mind .
As a result , Russia feels increasingly that it is being surrounded and pushed into a corner .
That is very dangerous .
If the Russians were to adopt the Bush Doctrine , they might launch a preemptive strike against America .
Sen . McCain has called for expelling Russia from the G8 group of industrial nations and preventing it from joining the World Trade Organization .
McCain also wants to establish a League of Democratic states that would not include Russia or China .
Which countries are democratic enough to qualify , he has failed to specify .
All of these steps isolate Russia further from the West .
Vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin asserted in her interview with Charles Gibson of ABC news that Georgia and Ukraine deserve to join NATO .
Should Russia attack one of them , she acknowledged , we would be obligated to go to its assistance .
In other words , we would have to launch a war on Russia .
Through 40 years of the Cold War we managed to avoid a nuclear war with the Soviet Union .
It would be devastating and tragic if now we were to become embroiled in a war with Russia , which has nuclear weapons , plus the intercontinental missiles powerful enough to deliver them to the U.S .
If you are hiking in the woods and come across a wild animal , you should always give it a way to escape .
Once cornered , the animal will attack you .
The same advice applies when dealing with a dangerous country .
Never corner it .
Unfortunately that is exactly what this administration has been doing with Russia .
We have already seen the results of attempting to bring Georgia into NATO .
The Russians felt cornered .
After we encouraged the Georgian regime to attempt to bring back the wayward territories of South Ossetia and Abkhazia , Moscow felt justified in sending troops into Georgia .
Had Bush prevailed and secured Georgia ’s membership in NATO , we would have been obliged to send troops to help Georgia .
In Churchill , Hitler , and the Unnecessary War , Pat Buchanan stresses British Prime Minister Neville Chamberlain ’s promise to the Polish government , a military dictatorship reputedly as anti-Semitic as the Nazis , that Britain would go to war to defend Poland , handing those unsavory rulers the power to force Britain into war .
Given the British guarantee , Warsaw was unwilling to negotiate with Germany .
Extending NATO to Ukraine or Georgia would allow those unstable states to force the U.S. and other NATO countries into war with Russia .
Ukraine ’s membership would be even more of a provocation than Georgia ’s .
The Crimean Peninsula is a flash point .
In 1954 , the peninsula was transferred from Russian to Ukrainian administration , partly as a reward to Ukraine , partly because the peninsula was geographically closer to Ukraine .
With the breakup of the Soviet Union , Ukraine claimed the peninsula .
The population , however , generally speaks Russian , not Ukrainian , and identifies more with Moscow than with Kiev .
In 2001 the population of Crimea was about 52 percent Russian , 24 percent Ukrainian , and 18 percent Tatar , with other groups making up the balance .
Under a 20 - year treaty with Ukraine that expires in 2017 , the Russian navy is stationed in Sevastopol .
This provides Moscow with a year - round warm water port with access not only to the Black Sea but ultimately to the Mediterranean .
Were Ukraine to join NATO , Russia would be expected to abandon its naval base .
Clearly , it would be very unwilling to do so and would probably encourage the local population to demand independence from Ukraine .
There have been several attempts by the population of the Crimea to become independent .
The peninsula now has considerable autonomy .
Recently it has been alleged that Russia has been issuing passports to those in the Crimea who request them .
In South Ossetia the Russians have given their passports to anyone who wanted one , leading to the claim that the Russian army was simply protecting its own nationals .
The Bush administration has led America into two interminable wars .
It has threatened Iran with attacks and has been attempting to box in Russia by adding more countries to NATO , thus giving small , backward countries with unstable governments the power to ignite another war .
The U.S. cannot afford a third conflict , either in money or in human lives .
We should neither include these states in NATO nor should we build the anti-missile systems in Eastern Europe .
By cooperating with Russia , we might be able to achieve a great deal of good in the world , but cornering the Russian bear might lead to catastrophe .
A string of erroneous word choices is helping opponents make his 71 years a matter of age , not experience .
McCain gaffes pile up ; critics pile on
Sen. John McCain ( R - Ariz . ) said “ Iraq ” on Monday when he apparently meant “ Afghanistan ” , adding to a string of mixed - up word choices that is giving ammunition to the opposition .
Just in the past three weeks , McCain has also mistaken " Somalia " for " Sudan , " and even football ’s Green Bay Packers for the Pittsburgh Steelers .
Advertisement
Ironically , the errors have been concentrated in what should be his area of expertise : foreign affairs .
McCain will turn 72 the day after Sen. Barack Obama ( D - Ill . ) accepts his party ’s nomination for president at the age of 47 , calling new attention to the sensitive issue of McCain ’s advanced age three days before the start of his own convention .
The McCain campaign says Obama has had plenty of flubs of his own , including a reference to " 57 states " and a string of misstated place names during the primaries that Republicans gleefully sent around as YouTube links .
McCain aides point out that he spends much more time than Obama talking extemporaneously , taking questions from voters and reporters .
" Being human and tripping over your tongue occasionally does n't mean a thing , " a top McCain official said .
But McCain 's mistakes raise a serious , if uncomfortable question :
Are the gaffes the result of his age ?
And what could that mean in the Oval Office ?
Voters , thinking about their own relatives , can be expected to scrutinize McCain ’s debate performances for signs of slippage .
Every voter has a parent , grandparent or a friend whose mental acuity declined as they grew older .
It happens at different times for different people — and there is ample evidence many people in their 70s are as sharp and fit as ever .
In McCain ’s case , his medical records , public appearances and travel schedule have suggested he remains at the top of his game .
But his liberal critics have been pouncing on every misstatement as a sign that he ’s an old man .
Late - night comics have made McCain ’s age an almost nightly topic , with CBS ’s David Letterman getting a laugh just about any time he says the words “ McCain ” and “ nap ” in the same sentence .
Last week , McCain tried to defuse the issue by pretending to doze off during an appearance on NBC ’s " Late Night with Conan O’Brien . "
Republicans would like to make the case that McCain is seasoned and Obama is a callow newcomer to the public stage .
But that ’ll be harder if he keeps up the verbal slips , which make it easier for comedians and critics to pile on .
“ First Gaffe of Obama Trip ... Goes To McCain , ” blared Monday afternoon ’s banner headline on the left - leaning Huffington Post , accompanied by a photo of McCain appearing to slap his forehead .
That referred to an ABCNews.com posting asserting that McCain appeared to confuse Iraq and Afghanistan in a “ Good Morning America ” interview with ABC ’s Diane Sawyer , who asked whether the " the situation in Afghanistan is precarious and urgent . ”
McCain responded : “ I 'm afraid it 's a very hard struggle , particularly given the situation on the Iraq / Pakistan border . "
The ABC posting added : “ Iraq and Pakistan do not share a border .
Afghanistan and Pakistan do . ”
Unfortunately for McCain , that was n’t an isolated slip .
Among the other lapses :
• “ Somalia ” for “ Sudan ” :
As recounted in a reporter ’s pool report from McCain ’s Straight Talk Express bus on June 30 , the senator said while discussing Darfur , a region of Sudan : " How can we bring pressure on the government of Somalia ? "
Senior adviser Mark Salter corrected him : “ Sudan . ”
• “ Germany ” for “ Russia ” : A YouTube clip from last year memorializes McCain referring to Vladimir Putin of Russia — following a trip to Germany — as “ President Putin of Germany . ”
• This spring , McCain said troops in Iraq were “ down to pre-surge levels ” when in fact there were 20,000 more troops than when the surge policy began .
• Also this spring , McCain twice appeared to mistake Sunnis and Shiites , two branches of Islam that split violently .
• In Phoenix earlier this month , McCain referred to Czechoslovakia , which has been divided since Jan. 1 , 1993 , into the Czech Republic and Slovakia .
He also referred to Czechoslovakia during a debate in November and a radio show in April .
• In perhaps the most curious incident , McCain said earlier this month that as a prisoner of war in Vietnam , he had tried to confuse his captors by giving the names of Pittsburgh Steelers starting players when asked to identify his squadron mates .
McCain has told the story many times over the years — but always correctly referred to the names he gave as members of the Green Bay Packers .
Tags
The Securities and Exchange Commission took the very drastic step of outlawing the essential financial practice of short selling in an attempt to galvanize financial markets .
( The SEC recently extended at least some portions of its initial ban through October 17 . )
But short selling provides essential information to market participants and helps us update our expectations accordingly .
By outlawing short selling , the SEC has eliminated a crucial element of what makes markets work .
To understand why someone would " go short " on a stock , it 's easiest to first consider the opposite case .
When an investor thinks that a stock is an attractive buy , he " goes long " by buying the stock at its current ( undervalued ) price .
If his hunch is correct and the price rises , the investor can sell the stock at the higher price , pocketing the difference .
But if an investor is pessimistic about a stock , and thinks that it is overvalued at its current price , then he can " short " the stock .
Specifically what happens is that the investor instructs his broker to borrow shares from an existing owner and sell them at the current ( overvalued ) price .
( With the practice of " naked " short selling , the sale is booked before the shares are actually located and borrowed from a current owner . )
If the investor 's hunch is correct and the stock price falls , then he can instruct his broker to " cover the short " by buying the same number of shares in the open market to return to the original owner .
The successful short seller pockets the difference between the original ( overvalued ) price at which he shorted the stock , and the lower price at which he covered the short .
( We are of course ignoring transaction costs . )
Naturally there is risk involved : if the price of the asset rises , the short seller loses .
Short selling plays a crucial role in the market .
If many investors are selling a stock short , it means that they think the asset is overvalued .
The more people risk their wealth by shorting a stock , the more pressure is brought to bear on the stock price .
However , there are two sides to the contract .
Every share that is sold short has to be bought long .
At first , this seems like a zero- sum transaction , but it plays a crucial role by providing information .
Profits tell entrepreneurs and speculators that they are realigning the structure of production more closely with the desires of consumers .
Over time , those who speculate incorrectly ( and who would misalign the structure of production ) will be weeded out .
On his blog , Arnold Kling notes that short selling cannot drive down an asset 's price per se ; the only way short selling could reduce the price would be if other market participants do n't take up the other side of the contract and defend the value of the shares .
In this case , the short selling itself does n't reduce the price of the asset : it is the fact that the short sellers overwhelm those going long that reduces the price of the asset .
" The SEC will have to invent ever more rules in a vain effort to prevent people from putting their money where their views are . "
There is a role for psychology , to be sure , but this is unlikely to be significant at the margin .
People earning nine - figure compensation packages to make ten - figure decisions every day have an incentive to avoid acting rashly .
The SEC's ban eliminates important elements of the market 's feedback mechanism and will compound these problems of psychology rather than solve them .
In particular , if there is a " herd mentality " that is pushing up a certain stock 's price , it takes disinterested short sellers to come in and restore sanity more quickly to the market .
Without this " damper , " such herds will stampede the price higher , and it will fall all the harder when the bubble finally bursts , which it always does .
Ironically , the ban on short selling only a particular group of stocks will make investors less likely to deal with those firms .
There are at least two reasons for this .
First , shorting is a way for firms to hedge themselves when they offer " credit - default swaps , " which are basically insurance policies covering a bond default .
For example , an insuring company might offer credit - default swaps to lenders who have bought bonds issued by Goldman Sachs .
Now if the insuring company starts getting nervous about all of the Goldman coverage that it has sold , it can short shares of Goldman to hedge itself .
This way , if bad news comes out and Goldman goes bankrupt , the insuring firm has to pay out on its credit - default swaps ( because Goldman defaulted on some of its bonds ) but at least the insuring firm makes money from the fall in Goldman 's share price .
But now , because of the SEC ban , insuring firms can't hedge themselves against sudden collapses of financial firms .
This makes it riskier for insuring firms to offer protection on the bonds issued by these same " protected " financial firms , meaning that they will charge more to insure their bonds .
Ironically , the SEC's ban thus makes it more expensive for lenders to loan money to firms in the financial industry , and so these " protected " firms will be even further starved for injections of private capital .
Note that this inability to raise private funds is the very problem the government is trying to cure .
Second , the SEC ban will make investors less willing to buy shares of the financial firms in question .
Before , average investors knew that an army of speculators were circling the markets , looking for vulnerable firms loaded up with toxic mortgage - backed assets .
Therefore , if a big bank was n't getting hit by a wave of " attacks " from short sellers , this meant it was probably a relatively sound institution .
The SEC ban has taken that source of information away from the average investor , who now may shun the financial sector altogether because there is no longer any money for expert analysts to make in digging up accounting irregularities or other troubles with particular firms .
Even though the practice of short selling has been made illegal , the potential gains from trade have not been eliminated .
Speculators with billions of dollars on the line have incentives to find a way to short sell under a different name , and the unintended consequences of the new regulatory environment are undesirable .
For example , pessimistic investors might buy put options , which are another way to profit from an expected price fall , or they might buy assets that typically move in the opposite direction from the stock they wanted to short .
The SEC will have to invent ever more rules in a vain effort to prevent people from putting their money where their views are .
But the market will continually adapt to the new rules of the game .
Over the long run , the creation of a new regulatory infrastructure will create a new political constituency with a financial and ideological stake in the new institutions , and they will resist reversion to the preintervention status quo .
Government intervention lends ideological or institutional legitimacy to further intervention .
The second unintended consequence is the ideological and institutional legacies that interventions leave .
In his book Crisis and Leviathan , economic historian Robert Higgs argues that one of the more subtle long - run effects of government intervention is that it lends ideological or institutional legitimacy to further intervention .
As he has pointed out , some of the government 's attempts to fix the current financial crisis have their roots in the institutional and ideological legacy of the New Deal .
Loosely speaking , the price of an asset reflects market participants ' best estimate of the ( market ) value that can be created using that asset .
If the price of a share of stock is $ 100 , this means that the market 's best guess as to the value that can be created with the underlying property is $ 100 .
People make mistakes in such estimations all the time .
Most people might think that a share of the company can produce $ 100 worth of value , but someone else might think that the share can produce only $ 90 but that the rest of the market does n't know it yet .
If he is certain enough to act on his convictions , he can short sell the stock and earn a profit if the price falls .
To short sell , an investor borrows shares from someone and agrees to return the shares sometime in the future .
Suppose an investor writes a contract to sell 100 shares of stock at $ 100 each .
He can borrow the shares from his broker or from someone else , but he will need to go into the spot market at some point in order to purchase the assets and cover his position .
If he was correct , the price will be $ 90 and he will earn a profit of $ 10 per share .
If he was incorrect and the price increases to $ 110 , he will lose $ 10 per share . [ 1 ]
Short selling is risky because it is trading with borrowed money .
If you are short selling , you are entering into contracts to borrow , sell , and restore someone else 's assets .
Short selling is not possible unless there are other investors who are willing to defend an asset — in other words , you cannot short sell based on your belief that an asset is overvalued unless someone else is willing to meet your price for the shares on the belief that the asset is either valued properly or undervalued .
Short selling is vital to a well - functioning market economy because it transmits valuable information about investors ' beliefs about the quality of an asset .
By outlawing short selling , the Securities and Exchange Commission outlawed a practice that produces information necessary for financial markets to function smoothly .
And who are the winners from the SEC 's ban ?
It is n't everyday investors , who are denied crucial information about the quality of the assets in their portfolios .
No , the winners are the managers of the protected ( poorly performing ) firms , who are able to keep the market capitalizations of their firms above water by denying the rest of us useful information .
Ironically , the SEC's ban has lumped all financial firms into one big category with a " WARNING " stamped on it by the government .
This is bad for the industry itself , but it actually dilutes the bad news for those financial firms most heavily loaded with dubious mortgage - backed assets .
Step back a moment from the robocalls and the Biden gaffes and the Valentino jacket to take in the history being made as we watch .
I do n’t mean the likelihood of a black American President , though that ’s mind - bending enough .
I ’m referring to the complete collapse of the four - decade project that brought conservatism to power in America .
The conservative movement was driven by the single unifying idea that government is the problem , not the solution .
It attained and kept power through the highly successful political strategy of dividing the country into the hard - working , America - loving , God-fearing majority and the minority of élitist liberals who wanted to tell the majority what to do .
What ’s happened to that idea and that strategy over the past few weeks ?
When Obama told an Ohio plumber on camera that his tax plan would take some money from the rich and give some back to the middle - and working - class , the McCain - Palin campaign got very excited — they finally had the key to turning the race around .
Since then , the Republicans have been talking about Joe , socialism , and spreading the wealth around at every turn .
Did Obama begin to sink in the polls , as pundits predicted ?
Was Dick Morris finally going to get something about this election right ?
No , Obama rose — and even on taxes he ’s preferred over McCain .
Like Democrats running against Herbert Hoover well into the 1970s , the Republican campaign still thinks it ’s 1980 .
But it turns out that in 2008 voters can actually imagine worse things than tax rates on upper incomes returning to their Clinton - era level .
What about Republican strategy , which still wakes Democrats up in the middle of the night — the devastating invocation of Bill Ayers , terrorists , real Americans , small - town values , Hollywood , and ( on the fringes of the McCain - Palin campaign and Fox News ) the spectre of a Muslim President destroying the country from within ?
Even right - wing commentators have been begging the campaign to drop this line of attack — not because they disapprove , but because it is n’t working .
If anything , it ’s dragging McCain ’s numbers down and driving moderate Republicans and Independents toward Obama .
A Republican congresswoman from Minnesota deployed the strategy at its most unvarnished on national television , and the Party has had to desert her .
Who can blame Michele Bachmann for being dumbfounded ?
It was always O.K. when it was successful .
As for Palin , the incarnation of red-meat , know - nothing Christian nationalism , she turns out to be McCain ’s single biggest mistake .
The Republican Party ’s immediate post-election future will be a bloody struggle over Palinism .
It ’s already started at National Review online , where the growing hysteria of the posts signals that the roof is falling in on conservatism .
Everything that worked for forty years has suddenly not just stopped working , it has become self - defeating .
Republican candidates , strategists , and pundits are like witchdoctors who keep repeating the old incantations over and over , their voices rising in furious shock , to no effect .
That ’s the sound of an era ending .
Barack Obama used a prime - time half - hour " infomercial " last night to speak to a national audience of millions as he attempted to control the political discussion in the final eight days of the presidential election campaign .
Shot in documentary style , with soaring orchestral music and even a clip of Senator Obama speaking from a mock Oval office , the documentary also focused on ordinary struggling Americans in from battleground states .
It went out simultaneously on seven networks , CBS , NBC , FOX , BET , Univision , MSNBC and TV One and cost the Obama campaign roughly $ 4 million ( £ 2 m ) .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Full of presidential imagery and carefully lit scenes of real life in suburban American , it was filmed by Davis Guggenheim , whose father shot documentaries for Robert F. Kennedy 's short - lived presidential campaign .
The film focused on some of the hard - luck stories of working families in Ohio , New Mexico and Colorado states where Mr Obama is locked in a final struggle with John McCain .
After some 28 minutes of documentary footage , in a feat of some technical brilliance , it cut to a live rally Mr Obama was holding in Florida .
The McCain campaign harshly criticised the documentary saying it was presumptuous .
Spokesman Tucker Bounds said : " As anyone who has bought anything from an infomercial knows , the sales - job is always better than the product .
Buyer beware . "
But it received generally favourable reviews .
The Obama campaign said it wanted to create a focus for the remaining days of the campaign and to present voters with an image of the candidate looking presidential , hoping that it will encourage them to send him to the White House
The 30 minute film mixed views of Mr Obama speaking to a huge crowd at the at the Democratic National Convention as well as scenes of ordinary Americans discussing their economic problems .
There were also testimonial by politicians and business executives , including Google 's CEO Eric Schmidt .
Watch Obama 's informercial , ' American Stories , American Solutions '
At one point in the documentary Mr. Obama is seated with white , working - class voters at a kitchen table and says : " We 've seen over the last eight years how decisions by a president can have a profound effect on the course of history and on American lives ; much that 's wrong with our country goes back even farther than that . "
The ad also showed his wife , Michelle as well as scenes of his family life with his two daughters .
There were also photos of his black father from Kenya , whom he only met for one month and images of his white mother from Kansas .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
Mr Obama used the story of his mother 's early death from cancer to make the point that the US health care system is broken .
He also focused on the troubles of the US car industry , putting a human face on people who have recently been laid off or had their hours cut back .
Mr Obama said that while America 's problems predate President Bush 's eight years in office , the economic meltdown of recent weeks was a " final verdict on eight years of failed policies . "
Much of the footage was shot by Davis Guggenheim , the director and executive producer of Al Gore 's global warming documentary " An Inconvenient Truth . "
Mr Guggenheim also produced and directed the HBO series " Deadwood . "
Earlier in the day while taping an appearance on the satirical Daily Show Mr Obama said he had to reassure one of his daughters that the commercial would not pre-empt all programming .
" I was describing this to Michelle and my daughters , and Malia , who 's 10 , said , ' Hold up a second .
Are you saying that my programs are going to be interrupted ? '
I said , ' No , we did n't buy on Disney . '
So she was relieved . "
Politico's Ben Smith praised the " infomercial " saying it was a well executed dramatic gesture that made Obama 's case to an enormous audience .
Sunday , organizers and rally - goers were basking in the afterglow of the “ Hold Palin Accountable ” rally .
The rally got front page coverage in the Anchorage Daily News , and was featured on local and national broadcast news .
It was also picked up by newspapers across the country .
This was a big step up from the coverage of the last anti-Palin rally .
We are being heard .
Shortly after the rally , we heard the official response from Sarah Palin , via Meg Stapleton .
For a little background , Stapleton was a former news anchor at KTUU , Alaska ’s most widely viewed news station .
She has at various times also been Palin ’s press secretery , and special assistant .
She was offered and accepted a position as mouthpiece for the McCain - Palin campaign in August .
People used to like Meg Stapleton , the way you do news anchors and assistants to popular governors .
Since Stapleton ’s faustian bargain with the McCain campaign , she has been the smirking , smearing , condescending , fib - telling face of the “ Truth Squad . ”
The very name of the Squad is Orwellian , and so is Stapleton .
She keeps saying , “ 2+2=5 ” , and expecting the world to believe it .
Not only has the Truth Squad been dishonest , but they have systematically and surgically attacked well - respected public servants , for doing their jobs with integrity and the best interest of Alaskans at heart .
Here ’s a good summary from The Anchorage Press ( 9/25/08 )
“ Today , we reiterate and emphasize the ongoing cooperation in the truly independent investigation involving the only legal forum in the state for the Monegan inquiry , ” Stapleton said Monday .
“ As you know , that is the Personnel Board . ”
Except that we do n’t know that .
And that was never asserted prior to Palin ’s August 29 selection by McCain as his running mate .
And that ’s not the least of the inaccuracies and inconsistencies being peddled by Stapleton and O’Callaghan .
When Stapleton alleged that Senator Hollis French ( D - Anchorage ) decided not to subpoena Palin ’s former chief of staff Mike Tibbles , KTUU ’s Jason Moore pointed out that it was actually Fairbanks Republican Representative Jay Ramras that requested Tibbles not be subpoenaed .
Following that report on KTUU , according to TPMMuckraker.com , Stapleton called Moore ’s wife and told her that Moore was calling Stapleton and O’Callaghan liars , then followed up by calling KTUU news director Steve Mac Donald to complain .
In trying to paint Commissioner Monegan as a rogue , the Truthers alleged that Monegan had sought to go to Washington , D.C. in July to seek federal funds to fight sexual violence in Alaska without the administration ’s approval ( the campaign called this “ the final straw ” ) .
However , ABC News unearthed the travel authorization — signed by Palin ’s chief of staff Mike Nizich — authorizing Monegan to go to Washington to attend a meeting with Senator Lisa Murkowski . ”
OK , now we ’re ready for the official response from Meg Stapleton about the rally that saw more than 1500 people converge in a downtown Anchorage Park .
It is conveniently color coded for you in a lovely shade of muck … just to beat the point to death .
“ Clearly this was an Obama rally and nothing else .
The rally proves the point of partisanship which the Governor has been trying to remove from the investigation in an effort to get a fair and just result .
The Governor remains an open book and is fully cooperating with the non-partisan Personnel Board and its independent investigator , which are statutorily authorized to conduct an investigation .
As you no doubt noticed the personal attacks at this rally , it is unfortunate that while we discuss the Governor and her record , the Obama campaign is resorting to personally attacking those who will continue to stand with the Governor and Alaskans and against personal smears . ”
Now you know why several people at the rally had signs directed squarely at Meg Stapleton .
When Alaskans start quoting Julius Caesar ’s “ Et tu , Brute ? ” ( Even you Brutus ? ) you realize the extent to which she is seen as the ultimate betrayer .
Strangely , the last time Meg Stapleton got national media attention was during her days at KTUU when a story she was filming made it to Jay Leno .
While she was reporting a human interest story , at Christmas time , she knelt down by one of Santa ’s reindeer .
It got spooked and literally ran her over .
Sometimes animals have pretty amazing instincts .
( CNN ) -- Election
Day is still days away , but Republicans are already caught up in a heated debate about Sarah Palin 's future role in the party should the GOP ticket fail to win the White House .
Gov. Sarah Palin speaks at Shippensburg University in Shippensburg , Pennsylvania , on Tuesday .
In one corner are some conservatives who believe the Alaska governor has been a detriment to John McCain 's presidential bid and threatens to lead the party astray for the foreseeable future .
Another faction says Palin 's core - conservative beliefs , demonstrated political acumen , and compelling frontier biography position her to reshape the face of a party now viewed by many voters as out of touch .
It 's a debate , somewhat ugly at times , that is beginning to play out in public view as Republicans brace themselves for the possibility of losing the White House and a significant number of seats in Congress come Election Day .
And that may leave the party in shambles with drastically reduced influence in Washington .
iReport.com : Share your thoughts on Palin
Should that happen , political observers say , the party will face its biggest identity crisis in more than a generation , and Palin may well be caught squarely in the middle of it .
" A civil war that is simmering will break out into the open if McCain loses , and the party will have to decide what they want to be in the post - Reagan world , " said Gloria Borger , a senior political analyst for CNN .
Watch whether Palin is making a power play »
Palin , whose campaign rally crowds have been noticeably larger than McCain's , will certainly have legitimacy to run for president in four years should she want to .
Some McCain operatives , claiming Palin repeatedly veers off script and often disregards the campaign 's advice , already believe she is more interested in positioning herself for the future than helping the party win this year .
" She is such a compelling figure , and she has helped , without a doubt , with the Republican base , " CNN Chief National Correspondent John King said .
" But she 's also hurting with key constituencies , like suburban women and independents , and there 's a big question that , if McCain loses , does she try to emerge as the leader of the party heading into the 2012 cycle ? "
Should Palin ultimately decide to launch her own presidential bid , she will face a massive headwind from an influential group of conservatives who believe the Alaska governor represents the very reasons why the Republican Party finds itself in retreat .
" She is a person of great ambition , but the question remains :
What is the purpose of the ambition ?
She wants to rise , but what for ?
It 's unclear whether she is Bushian or Reaganite .
She does n't think aloud .
She just ... says things , " conservative columnist Peggy Noonan wrote in a recent Wall Street Journal column .
It 's an argument that has been echoed by a string of conservatives -- including David Brooks , George Will , Kathleen Parker , and David Frum -- who believe Palin exhibits a poisonous anti-intellectual instinct of the party that threatens to ultimately destroy its foundations .
" Reagan had an immense faith in the power of ideas .
But there has been a counter , more populist tradition , which is not only to scorn liberal ideas but to scorn ideas entirely .
And I 'm afraid that Sarah Palin has those prejudices , " said Brooks , a conservative columnist for the New York Times .
Frum , a former speechwriter for President Bush who has written that Palin is woefully inexperienced to be president , told CNN the Alaska governor 's chances might be slim in a general election matchup .
" She will face the classic problem of being a strong candidate for the nomination , but not such an appealing candidate across party lines , " he said .
" She has a very intense following among core Republicans , but at the same time , non-core Republicans have reached a very negative verdict . "
Frum also pointed to recent polling that suggests Palin 's unfavorable ratings have sharply risen in the last two months , and predicted it will be extremely difficult for her to combat a perception among many voters that she is a lightweight , ill equipped for the burdens of the presidency .
" This is a moment where people have formed impressions , they have been watching her closely and paying a lot of attention , " he said .
" Even if she spends the next two and a half years delivering worthy speeches at the Council on Foreign Relations , the cumulative work that she will do will be seen by fewer people than probably watched the Katie Couric interview or the Charlie Gibson interview , or the debate with Joe Biden . "
But even as one corner of the party predicts dire consequences if Palin becomes the Republican standard - bearer , another is strongly behind her .
" I hope and expect that she stays involved nationally , and she can play pretty much whatever role she wants to .
She 's got momentum now , and I 'd be surprised if she did n't play a leadership role in the party , " Richard Viguerie , a prominent cultural conservative and chairman of conservativehq.com , told CNN .
Viguerie , as well as many other cultural conservatives , point to Palin 's core beliefs on key issues such as abortion and same - sex marriage and say she represents a fresh face , from a different region of the country , who has the potential to reshape the conservative movement .
" Palin , as best I can describe it , exudes a kind of middle - class magnetism .
It 's subdued but nonetheless very powerful , " Weekly Standard editor Fred Barnes recently wrote .
" Whether they know it or not , Republicans have a huge stake in Palin .
If , after the election , they let her slip into political obscurity , they 'll be making a tragic mistake . "
Conservatives across the party are slated to meet in Virginia in the days after the election to discuss the future of the party and Palin 's role is expected to be a topic of conversation .
" Palin will certainly be a discussion point , " a conservative who will attend the meeting said .
" While the Washington establishment and some of the New York academics may not like her , a lot of the country and the conservative movement 's base does . "
Factors out of Palin 's control could ultimately control her fate .
The political landscape in 2012 may look markedly different than it does now , depending on the success of a President Obama should the Illinois senator win .
Unforeseen developments in the economy and the war in Iraq will also likely have an effect on whether Palin rises to the forefront of her party in the next election cycle .
But one thing is clear :
If Palin wants to mount a serious bid for her party 's nomination in 2012 , she has a lot of groundwork to do .
She has yet to form relationships with many key conservative groups at the local level , whose support would be instrumental in ultimately capturing the Republican presidential nomination .
She knows few party chairman in the key early primary states where the race will likely be decided .
" She needs to get out there and get to know conservative leaders at the national , state , and local level , " Viguerie said .
" She needs to introduce herself in a way she has n't had the opportunity to do so far . "
And should McCain lose next Tuesday , the Alaska governor will have little time to take a breath .
" She would have to start the day after the election if she wants to run for president -- there is no period where the election is n't going on , " Frum said .
All About Sarah Palin • Republican Party • John McCain
LONDON , April 10 — Should it be slithery or scrunchy , glutinous or grilled ?
The answer , British scientists say , may be divined by a formula : N = C + {f b ( c m ) · f b ( t c ) } + f b ( T s ) + f c · t a .
That is the scientific answer to the question : what makes the perfect bacon sandwich ?
And , no , it is not April 1 .
Researchers at Leeds University spent more than 1,000 hours testing 700 variants on the traditional bacon sandwich , which many Britons refer to as a bacon butty ( eschewing the term sandwich , said to have been coined to honor the fourth Earl of Sandwich ’s habit of eating meat between slices of bread around 1762 ) .
For Britons , butties come in a variety of guises — chip butties ( French fries between slices of bread ) , crisp butties ( ditto with potato chips ) or even sugar butties , which are self - explanatory .
None are viewed as especially healthful .
They ’re watching !
This sixty - four strong robotic mirror - head collective is an unnerving art installation , simply titled “ Audience . ”
Left alone , they mingle amongst themselves , but as soon as someone approaches , they stop and stare at you – as you stare back at yourself – in their reflective mirror faces .
The installation , put together by Chris O’Shea and Random International , attempts to investigate whether diverse emotional reactions can be aroused in people by simple machines .
The contrast between their private mingling and their collective surveillance is stark and blurs the lines between the viewer and the viewed .
Each mirror - robot is fitted with two servo motors , providing tilt and pan head rotations and they collectively track and focus on an individual ( even in a crowd ) via an overhead camera .
It feels like a mash - up of CCTV cameras and the one - way mirrors in police interrogation rooms .
You suspect you ’re under surveillance , but you do n’t really know for sure when all you can see is your own mug looking back at you .
Sources :
Chris O’Shea and Random International
Via : Sippey and Kottke
We are about to enter the twilight zone , that strange black hole in political time and space that appears no more than once every four years .
It is known as the period of transition , and it starts a week from today , the time when the United States has not one president but two .
One will be the president - elect , the other George Bush , in power for 12 more weeks in which he can do pretty much whatever he likes .
Not only will he never again have to face voters , he wo n't even have to worry about damaging the prospects of his own party and its standard bearer ( as if he has not damaged those enough already ) .
From November 5 to January 20 , he will exercise the freest , most unaccountable form of power the democratic world has to offer .
How Bush might use it is a question that gained new force at the weekend , when US forces crossed the Iraqi border into Syria to kill Abu Ghadiya , a man they said had been funnelling " foreign fighters " allied to al - Qaida into Iraq .
That American move has touched off a round of intense head - scratching around the world , as foreign ministers and analysts ask each other the time - honoured diplomatic query : what did they mean by that ?
To which they add the post - Nov 4 question : and what does it tell us about how Bush plans to use his final days in the White House ?
You can choose from two versions .
Call the first the " no big deal " theory .
It holds that the Sunday raid was no more than standard operational procedure in the war on terror .
Sure , it meant violating the sovereignty of an independent nation state , but that 's not so new : there was a similar incursion into Pakistan in September .
Indeed , there may be more relevant precedents .
A former official in the Bush administration confirmed to me yesterday that the US has lunged into Syrian territory several times before : it 's just that Damascus chose to keep quiet .
In which case , the interesting question is why the Syrians went public this time .
In this " no big deal " version , Abu Ghadiya was simply too irresistible a high - value target to let slip away .
" They saw something they wanted to hit and they hit it , " says one European diplomat resignedly .
The most extreme version of this shoulder - shrugging account holds that the decision may not even have been taken at the political level , but in the field , by General David Petraeus .
Not so implausible , since Bush in effect ceded command of the Iraq war to Petraeus a long while ago .
Nonsense , says the other school of thought .
It is a massive deal to strike at a sovereign state in this way : in an earlier era , before 2001 , we would have called it an act of war .
Pakistan is no precedent , because in that case there was a degree of cooperation .
Not now .
This was a deliberate act , calculated to send a series of messages .
First , to the Syrians , reminding them who 's boss in the region and strong - arming them to do more to crack down on al - Qaida .
Second , to the Europeans who have been moving towards a rapprochement with Damascus .
Nicolas Sarkozy may have invited President Assad to Paris and David Miliband may have been hosting the Syrian foreign minister , Walid al - Muallem , in London this very Monday , 24 hours after the raid - but no matter .
Bush gets to remind both these uppity Europeans who 's in charge .
Third , the president could have been sending a message to his own administration .
Perhaps this was a memo to his secretary of state , Condoleezza Rice , who had dared meet Muallem at the UN just last month in a meeting that apparently she requested .
If so , it would fit with the pattern of wildly mixed signals that has emanated from the administration in recent months .
Two days before Rice sat down with Muallem , for instance , Bush had used his UN address to denounce Syria as a state sponsor of terror .
Might Sunday 's raid have been the president 's attempt to reassert himself against a senior staff all but denuded of its hawks ?
Rumsfeld , Bolton and Wolfowitz are long gone ; the more emollient Robert Gates is at defence , widely tipped to continue under a President Obama .
In these last days , Dick Cheney has only himself for company .
However we are meant to read it , the attack on Syria looks a lot like a parting shot from Bush , an end - of - the - movie reminder of what this long and bloody saga has been about .
A small operation , causing eight deaths , it nevertheless captures much of the Bush ethos that has ruled the globe these past eight years .
It was unilateral ; it trampled on state sovereignty ; and it relied on force as a first , not last , resort .
As a souvenir of the Bush era , it would be hard to top .
But it may not be the final act .
For we have not yet entered the twilight zone proper .
That will come only when polls close next Tuesday .
When the transition begins , all kinds of surprises are possible .
Spool back 20 years , to the dying days of the Reagan administration .
In January 1989 , the president officially recognised the PLO as the representatives of the Palestinian people .
It was a farewell gift to Reagan 's successor , George HW Bush : the old man took the flak so that the new president would not have to .
In December 1992 , Bush himself proved rather less helpful to his replacement , saddling Bill Clinton with the deployment of US forces in Somalia , an episode whose humiliating conclusion badly hobbled Clinton thereafter .
Eight years ago , it was Clinton 's turn .
He sweated until his final hours in office trying to close a deal between Israel and the Palestinians , who seemed then to be just inches apart .
The legacy was the Clinton parameters , still regarded as marking the basic contours of any future agreement for Israel - Palestine .
So what will emerge from the twilight of George W Bush ?
Most diplomats are bracing themselves .
" They 're not going to sleep , " says one senior British official .
The optimists hope for a repeat of Reagan and Clinton , something that helps Middle East peace .
It 's true that Rice and Bush have been eager for a breakthrough , if only to have a presidential legacy untainted by Iraq .
Perhaps Israel and the Palestinians might initial a provisional document , proof that their labours since Bush 's Annapolis summit of 2007 have not been entirely fruitless .
But the bad timing that has cursed the Middle East so often has struck once again .
Israel is entering an interregnum of its own , following Tzipi Livni 's failure to form a coalition .
It 's hard to believe an interim , caretaker administration could forge a peace deal .
That leaves other options .
Bush could ape Reagan and decide to speak to Hamas .
More likely would be a shift in policy that helps future peacemaking efforts : he might , for instance , declare that any changes to the 1967 borders must be equal , with Palestinians compensated inch for inch for any West Bank land conceded to Israel .
Or he could look further afield in the region , contradicting himself and Sunday 's raid , by reaching out to Syria .
Or , as some hawks fear , he could step up the tentative dialogue with Iran .
A symbolic gesture would be to open a US visa section in Tehran .
Of course , Bush may be thinking of a parting gift more in keeping with the record of the last eight years .
He and Cheney might decide , what the hell , we have one last chance to whack Iran - and let the new guy clear up the mess .
Not likely , but possible .
For in the twilight zone , anything can happen .
freedland@theguardian.com
Image by momentimedia via Flickr
Last week Nintendo announced a new iteration of their highly successful DS handheld and , while many mainstream outlets had a field day , the response from the gaming community – and , for that matter , the Japanese stock market – was a resounding " huh ? ! "
With the impending release of this system upgrade being something of an open secret , it was n't so much the device itself that seemed to cause the head - scratching as it was the odd specifics of its new features and the strange direction in which Nintendo elected to present it .
This newly christened DSi is an obvious member of the DS family , with its stylus and minimalist clamshell design , but Nintendo would seemingly like us to believe that it is a wholly different animal .
Even amid insistence that the system has a place alongside the DS Lite on American retail shelves , at least for the foreseeable future , I ’ll wager that many , like me , ca n’t help but wonder if this device will prove to be the new face of mobile gaming .
And , if so , would n’t it be prudent to get onboard early ?
Well , I guess that depends on how these new features stack up .
Let ’s take a look , shall we ?
How about the camera ?
The most highly touted modification to the DSi is the inclusion of two – count ‘ em : two – digital cameras .
In addition to the one visible on the exterior of the unit , the DSi also boasts a second camera on the inside of the system continually pointed at the player .
Sadly , these cameras weigh in at a scant .3 megapixels , and pictures are saved at a mere 640x480 resolution .
So , while it might be fun to warp and scrawl atop your pics via the touch screen , it ’s doubtful whether the image quality of your DSi photographs will be superior to those taken with the camera already integrated into your current cell phone .
[ EDIT : While several sources have reported that the DSi cameras were both 0.3 megapixels and others said 3 megapixels , Electronista has cleared up the confusion : the interior camera is a 0.3 megapixel VGA camera , while the external camera is a 3 megapixel . ]
What about the bigger screens ?
Of more interest to gamers is the increased screen size of the DSi .
Its 3.25 inch diagonal screen width stands out as a noticeable increase from the 3 inches of its predecessor .
However , despite this enhanced physical real estate , the screens are virtually indistinguishable from a technical standpoint , as the DSi still boasts twin TFT LCDs of identical resolution to those of the DS Lite .
You can , however , expect these bigger screens to burn through your valuable battery charge at an increased rate .
What about backwards compatibility ?
While the screens are larger - – requiring an increase in system length and width –- the DSi is slightly thinner than the DS Lite .
It is of note that this slim - down comes at a cost : in this case the removal of that old standby the GBA cartridge slot .
( Yes , this means add - ons like that the knuckle busting fret board attachment for the recent DS Guitar Hero title will be incompatible . )
Instead the DSi features an SD card slot in addition to the standard DS game cartridge slot .
Will it play MP3s ?
One purpose of the addition of this SD slot is that the DSi will also act as a music device .
Notice that I said music device and not MP3 player .
Rather than MP3 playback , the handheld will instead support AAC files .
While the AAC file type is often described as having superior sound quality to the ubiquitous MP3 , it certainly lacks its familiarity .
And while the addition of functionality like speed and pitch control for songs sounds interesting , it ’s also doubtful that the machine will be replacing your iPod when it comes to music playback .
So what can I download ?
The system also features on - board flash memory for use in storing titles procured from the newly revealed DSi Shop .
This little brother of the current Wii Shop channel will likely have both the strengths ( the potential for lots of interesting new titles as well as for a backlog of games from earlier systems ) and the weaknesses ( slow rollout and a lack of sufficient demos ) of its older sibling .
So , while you ’ll be able to play these new offerings as well as your current collection of DS titles on your DSi , all DS / DS Lite owners will really be missing out on is the downloadable love .
All things considered , the DSi seems to be a mixed bag .
It certainly adds some functionality , but much of it appears mediocre at best .
Picture and music support seem incidental as opposed to integral , and info concerning features like superior sound quality and the promised integrated web browser seem scarce .
( And , as anyone who ’s used the app can corroborate , saying that the browser will be superior to the original DS Browser cart is dubious praise . )
From Nintendo ’s insistence that the system will be the company ’s " third platform " –- a role previously filled by the recently abandoned GBA -– to statements like those of NOA ’s Cammie Dunaway to our own Game Life blog in which she announced that the DSi would continue in the tradition of Nintendo ’s handhelds by not being region locked … maybe … even the Big N seems a little unsure why we should be excited about the product .
And yet , for some reason , I am .
In recent years Nintendo has taken to revamping systems with features that should arguably have been integrated from the get - go , and summarily wowing us with their newest flavor of shiny plastic .
And , at least with regard to their handheld lineup , the trick has been working .
There are gamers out there chomping at the bit to hand the company money for devices that , in one form or another , they already own .
I know this to be true because I am such a gamer .
I was an early adopter of both the original DS and the DS Lite , not to mention its forerunner the Gameboy Advance .
Hell , I even imported a GBA SP just to get it a few months before the North American release .
To my mind , I do this not because I ’m a totally rabid Nintendo fanboy ( although that ’s an accusation I ’ve faced in the past ) but merely because I ’m an avid gamer - on - the - go with a unique love for Nintendo ’s robust portables .
Even when they ’re slightly less robust than I ’d like .
So now , after this lengthy diatribe about how the DSi may well not be worth the $ 180 + they ’ll be asking for it on American shores , I will admit to you that I ’ll probably buy one anyway .
As a fan of Nintendo , a handheld gamer , and a gadget guy , I simply ca n’t resist the allure of new plastic .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
First , the good news :
Even if warnings of economic catastrophe are n't enough to win approval of a controversial $ 700 billion Wall Street bailout , the economy is not at risk of falling into a depression , most experts agree .
During the Great Depression , unemployment shot up to as much as 25 % in 1933 .
That came after the gross domestic product , the broadest measure of economic activity , plunged 13 % the previous year .
Millions of people lost their savings when banks closed without any insurance for its customers ' deposits .
Few economists are predicting economic pain of that magnitude .
Now the bad news :
Even if the plan to buy up bad mortgage debt from troubled banks and Wall Street firm does pass , it probably wo n't be enough to stop the economy from getting worse than it is today .
And if the battered credit markets fail to restart , either because the bailout fails to win Congressional approval or it does n't work as planned , the nation could be facing its worst economic downturn since the Great Depression .
The current crisis caused credit markets to seize up earlier this month , almost like a car engine running without oil .
And as the debate over the rescue plan 's details raged , hours of negotiations among key lawmkers broke down late Thursday .
How we got here .
Banks and Wall Street firms , worried about both their own needs for cash and the condition of other institutions , essentially stopped loaning money to one another .
That choked off the money being made available on Main Street in the form of mortgage loans , business loans and other consumer borrowing .
Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke spelled out the implications of this credit crisis earlier this week in front of Congress .
He talked of how small businesses would not be able to get the credit they need to operate , grow and hire workers .
Consumers would have trouble getting mortgages to buy homes , further driving down prices .
And tighter credit would mean lower sales of cars and other big ticket items , leading to more plant closings and layoffs .
" Credit is the mother 's milk of the modern economy .
The tighter the credit spigot closes , the worse the economy is going to be , " said Mark Zandi , chief economist of Moody 's Economy.com .
" Businesses operate on credit .
If they can't raise money , then very soon they wo n't be making payroll . "
Economic pushback .
Economists say that without a restoration of credit , unemployment would likely shoot up to over 10 % from 6.1 % today .
And GDP could fall at an annual rate of between 2 % and 4 % .
Those unemployment and GDP readings would be the worst in more than 25 years .
And many believe it would not be until at least 2010 before the economy starts to recover , which would make the current downturn the longest since the Great Depression .
But other experts say that credit was already tight before this month 's Wall Street meltdown and that pumping $ 700 billion into the banking system is n't going to necessarily spur the economy .
Where does it end ?
Lakshman Achuthan , managing director of the Economic Cycle Research Institute , said the banks and Wall Street firms that will be the main beneficiaries of the bailout are going to take the money and prepare to deal with growing defaults in Europe and Asia as those economies slow .
He added that smaller banks will be more likely to repair their battered balance sheets than lend more aggressively .
Others point out that the bailout does n't address the root cause of the problems on Wall Street as well as the broader economy : falling house prices .
That 's why the Wall Street bailout wo n't be the last one pitched to Congress and taxpayers .
Jerry Howard , CEO of the National Association of Home Builders , said the Wall Street bailout is crucial , even though he does n't believe it will solve the credit crunch that was hitting his members before the crisis started .
For this reason , Howard said as soon as Congress returns to work from its upcoming recess , his trade group will be asking for another package of between $ 40 billion and $ 90 billion directed towards the housing market .
And even if the bailout package is passed and banks start lending again , the events of the past few weeks could batter already " abysmal " consumer confidence , said Keith Hembre , chief economist with First American Funds .
Hembre said worries about the economy , falling home and stock prices and the weakening job market will lead consumers to pull back on spending over the next few quarters .
If that happens , it would likely cause cutbacks in business and government spending as well .
" I have to believe that the economic activity gets worse before it gets better , " he said .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Exiles of the Chagos Islands will not be able to return to their homeland , the House of Lords has ruled .
The government won its appeal against a previous court decision that had ruled in favour of 2,000 former residents of the British Indian Ocean territory .
They were evicted in the 1960s when the colony was leased to the US to build an airbase on the atoll of Diego Garcia .
Their solicitor Richard Gifford said they were in a " state of shock " at the " disappointing outcome " .
Mr Gifford said : " It has been the misfortune of the Chagos islanders that their passionate desire to return to their homeland has been caught up in the power politics of foreign policy for the past 40 years . "
He added that the islanders were " really shocked " at the Law Lords ' decision , following as it did the unanimous opinion of seven other judges that their right of abode was " so fundamental " the government could not take it away .
Lord Hoffmann said the case 's subtext was funding - the UK may have had to pay for rebuilding their community .
He said the Chagossians had understandably " shown no inclination to return to live Crusoe - like in poor and barren conditions of life " .
And in light of this , he said Foreign Secretary David Miliband was " entitled to take into account " the possibility the Chagossians would call on the UK to support " the economic , social and educational advancement ' of the residents " .
The campaigning journalist John Pilger said the judgment was political and upheld an " immoral and illegal " act .
He added : " How could it be otherwise when the highest court in this country has found in favour of the most flagrant injustice , certainly in my lifetime ? "
The Law Lords decision is the final judgement in the long - running case .
In a statement , Mr Miliband said : " It is appropriate on this day that I should repeat the government 's regret at the way the resettlement of the Chagossians was carried out in the 1960s and 1970s and at the hardship that followed for some of them .
" We do not seek to justify those actions and do not seek to excuse the conduct of an earlier generation . "
However , Mr Miliband said that the courts had previously ruled that fair compensation had been paid to the Chargossians and that " the UK has no legal obligation to pay any further compensation " .
He added : " Our appeal to the House of Lords was not about what happened in the 1960s and 1970s .
It was about decisions taken in the international context of 2004 . "
EXILE'S BATTLE TO RETURN 1967 - 1971 : Chagossians evicted from Indian Ocean homeland 2000 : High Court rules they can return to 65 islands , but not Diego Garcia 2004 : Government uses royal prerogative to nullify decision 2007 : Court overturns that order June 2008 : Government asks the Lords to rule on the issue October 2008 : Government wins appeal against the return BBC world affairs correspondent Mike Wooldridge said the high hopes of the Chagossians would now be dashed by the ruling .
He said it was likely they would take their case to the European Court of Human Rights .
In 2000 , High Court judges ruled that Chagossians could return to 65 of the islands , but not to Diego Garcia .
In 2004 , the government used the royal prerogative - exercised by ministers in the Queen 's name - to effectively nullify the decision .
Last year , the court overturned that order and rejected the government argument that the royal prerogative was immune from scrutiny .
The government had asked the Lords to rule on the issue .
A spokesman for the Chagos Islanders said in a statement before the three - to - two majority ruling : " Forty years ago , in December 1966 , the Harold Wilson Labour government gave away our homeland , including Diego Garcia , which has been given to the US government to use as a military base .
" The whole Chagossian population was forcibly removed from our homes , our animals were killed and we were dumped , mainly in the slums of Mauritius .
We have been treated like slaves . "
The exiled residents had hoped that if the Law Lords ruling had gone in their favour , their heritage could be rebuilt around a new tourist industry .
The Chagossians will require immigration consent to visit the islands for purposes such as tending graves , but the government has made it clear that consent would be no more than a formality .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Enlarge Mike Carlson , AP Democratic presidential candidate Sen. Barack Obama , D - Ill .
acknowledges an audience member 's question during a town hall meeting in St. Petersburg , Fla .
ROLLA , Mo. ( AP )  Barack Obama is once again betting that his eloquence can persuade price - weary consumers — read that as voters — to take the long view and not jump at a short - term fix when it comes to soaring energy prices .
It worked in his presidential primary contest against New York Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton when she proposed a " gas tax holiday " for the summer , a pitch he opposed despite its popularity with many voters .
But that was in April before gasoline shot past $ 4 a gallon .
Virtually all polls now show dealing with energy prices high atop the agenda of voters .
At issue for Obama 's Republican opponent , Sen . John McCain , is opening up offshore drilling to boost production , a move McCain and others GOP lawmakers say would increase supply and help control soaring gasoline prices .
Opponents , including Obama and many other Democrats , say new offshore oil would be years away from reaching consumers and even then would make little difference in prices and the ongoing U.S. need for foreign oil .
Republicans clearly have targeted energy prices , looking to boost their standing with consumers .
President Bush has pushed Congress to permit the offshore drilling and warned that " the American people are rightly frustrated " because Democrats wo n't allow a vote on opening up offshore drilling .
For his part , McCain has his sights squarely on Obama 's opposition to offshore drilling , labeling him " Dr. No when it comes to energy production . "
The tactic is not surprising , because polls have shown that consumers — even in environmentally sensitive states like Florida — are desperate for politicians to do something about energy and favor offshore drilling by big margins .
Obama is pressed on the issue repeatedly on the campaign trail , but he refuses to budge , preferring to take pains to spell out his reasons .
" Please be in favor of offshore production , " Steve Hilton , a retired federal government worker in Lebanon , Mo. , implored Obama during a tour of a diner there Wednesday .
" I 'm in favor of solving problems , " Obama responded .
" What I do n't want to do is say something because it sounds good politically . "
Obama seeks to turn the issue on its head , arguing that McCain and Bush are practicing the old politics of simply promising people something that 's symbolic without addressing the real problem .
Discounting drilling , he proposes energy rebates , a crackdown on oil speculators who manipulate the market and a renewed focus on energy alternatives .
On Friday , during a campaign stop in Florida , Obama proposed a windfall profits tax to fund $ 1,000 emergency rebate checks for consumers besieged by high energy costs .
" Instead of offering any real plan to lower gas prices , Sen. McCain touts his support for George Bush 's plan for offshore oil drilling , " Obama said Thursday in Cedar Rapids , Iowa .
" But even the Bush administration acknowledges that offshore oil drilling will have little impact on prices .
It wo n't lower prices today .
It wo n't lower prices during the next administration .
In fact , we wo n't see a drop of oil from this drilling for almost 10 years . "
Adding their own take on the debate are the Sierra Club and MoveOn.org , which announced Thursday that they will air ads criticizing McCain 's call for expanded oil drilling and tax proposals that would benefit oil companies .
The MoveOn.org ad depicts a man speaking to the camera complaining that McCain 's proposal to lift a moratorium on energy exploration on coastal waters wo n't produce oil for years .
" That 's not a solution Mr. McCain , that 's a gimmick , " he says .
In fact , McCain opposes drilling in Alaska 's Arctic National Wildlife Refuge , and during his 2000 presidential run opposed lifting the offshore drilling moratorium as well .
Although Obama makes the argument against offshore drilling much as he did against Clinton 's gas tax holiday , he faces a tougher challenge now .
The disagreement with Clinton was played out in front of Democratic primary voters , many of them closely following the race and its issues .
The argument with McCain comes before a general election electorate as frustrations over gasoline prices grow at the height of the summer driving season and as the nation prepares for winter and heating costs .
Polls suggest a lot of voters are pressing for politicians to do anything , even if it 's symbolic .
Voters in New Hampshire and other states hit hard by winter feel especially pinched by high fuel prices .
Many homeowners enter into winter heating oil contracts during the summer .
" It 's on people 's minds , " said Fergus Cullen , state GOP chairman in New Hampshire , where the cost of heating a typical suburban home has doubled since last winter , to about $ 5,000 .
" The issues that people care about have changed dramatically since 2006 here and , not incidentally , in a way that is beneficial to Republican candidates . "
Adding to that pressure , Obama will face the full force of the GOP and the McCain campaign .
To counter it , Obama cited ExxonMobil 's record profits — the company on Thursday reported second - quarter earnings of $ 11.68 billion , the biggest ever by a U.S. corporation — while contending that the GOP candidate 's plan for offshore drilling wo n't help consumers and " reads like an oil - company wish list . "
Obama concedes that crossing the public mood on energy prices could be risky — and he 's right .
Though the public has largely turned against a war in Iraq that McCain fervently backs and Bush 's popularity is at record lows , polls show the election remains tight , with Obama clinging to a small lead .
Copyright 2008 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Oil prices zig - zagged Friday , briefly dipping below $ 100 a barrel for the first time in 5 months , as the the fury of a massive hurricane blowing toward refineries on the Texas coast countered . concerns about a global economic slowdown .
U.S. crude for October delivery briefly traded at $ 99.99 a barrel on the floor of the New York Mercantile Exchange , the first time oil has fallen below the $ 100 a barrel mark in more than five months .
The last time oil traded below $ 100 during a session was April 2 , when it hit $ 99.84 .
Oil recovered to settle up 31 cents at $ 101.18 a barrel .
Earlier , prices rose as high as $ 102.89 .
Oil prices were volatile as traders gauged what Hurricane Ike 's impact would be .
Ike : Hurricane Ike was 295 miles east of Corpus Christi , Texas , and 195 miles southeast of Galveston , Texas .
The National Hurricane Center warned the public that " preparations to protect life and property in the hurricane warning area should be rushed to completion . "
The Category 2 hurricane continues on its path across the Gulf Coast " but could reach the coast as a category three , " according the National Hurricane Center .
" The reality is hitting the market in the face here , " said Andrew Lebow , a broker at MF Global in New York .
The storm veered toward the Houston refineries and by Friday , " the market is looking at how dangerous this storm really is , " said Lebow .
" The market is really trying to determine how bad this storm is going to be , " said Phil Flynn , senior market analyst at Alaron Trading .
Refineries in danger : Texas is home to 26 refineries , which can process almost 4.8 million barrels of crude per day , or more than 25 % of the nation 's total refining capacity , according to the Department of Energy .
Most of Texas ' refineries are the Gulf Coast ports of Houston , Port Arthur , and Corpus Christi .
The entire Gulf Coast region houses 42 % of total U.S. refinery capacity .
The refineries along the Texas Coast are more vulnerable to the strong winds and rain that Ike brings than the oil rigs in the Gulf .
" It is not the oil rigs .
They are pretty well reinforced , " said Ray Carbone , president of Paramount Options , an oil trading company .
While Ike has not posed significant damage to crude rigs , if the refineries are shut down , the crude market will suffer repercussions eventually .
Gas is a main product of crude oil .
" If your end product is rallying , it has to have an effect on the raw material , " said Lebow .
" It is going to be about flooding and power outages in the region , " said Carbone .
" Without power , no refineries will be working and the flooding could complicate how long it takes them to come back online . "
Tom Kloza , chief oil analyst for Oil Price Information Service , an independent publisher that follows fuel prices in North America echoed those comments .
After Katrina , some refineries were shut down for 6 to 9 months , said Kloza .
" Close to 20 % of the U.S. refining capability could be lost for a long period of time , " wrote Jim Rouiller , Senior Energy Meteorologist at Planalytics in an email .
" Major and long term damage likely at the major refining cities from Galveston and Texas City northward to Baytown , " he wrote .
" If the storm does damage to the refineries then we could see price increases in gas and heating oil , " said Flynn .
The decrease in supply of gas and heating oil due to Ike could be magnified by the fact that refineries had already been limiting their output because of slackening demand .
With Ike headed toward the Texas Gulf Coast refinery row , wholesale gas prices spiked Thursday and remained elevated Friday even as crude prices retreated .
Late morning on Friday , wholesale gas prices were at $ 4.90 per gallon in the Gulf region , according to Kloza .
That price hike for dealers will push prices up at the pump , but not as drastically as wholesale gas prices have spiked .
" No one wants to take the lead " in raising prices , said Kloza , so oil companies might try to cover as much of the price hike as they can for consumers .
Rigs shut :
For the second time in two weeks , offshore platforms were being evacuated to avoid a major storm , according to the Minerals Management Service ( MMS ) .
The government agency , which tracks offshore operations , estimated that 596 of the 717 manned production platforms - about 83.1 % - remained evacuated in the wake of Hurricane Gustav earlier this month and in advance of Hurricane Ike .
As of Friday at noon ET , 96.9 % of crude oil production and 93.3 % of natural gas production in the Gulf of Mexico was shuttered , according to the Department of Energy .
The Department of Energy announced Thursday that it loaned 130,000 barrels of oil from the Strategic Petroleum Reserve ( SPR ) to Placid Oil's Port Allen refinery along a Shell pipeline in Louisiana and an additional 250,000 barrels of oil from the SPR to Marathon Petroleum Company 's Midwest refineries along the Capline pipeline system .
The companies had requested the oil due to disruptions from Hurricane Gustav .
The SPR is a 700 - million barrel government - controlled reserve of crude oil .
The government released a preliminary Gustav damage report that said approximately 677 of 3,800 production platforms in the Gulf were exposed to hurricane conditions .
One small platform off the coast of Louisiana was destroyed , according to MMS , and five platforms " received moderate damage , " the statement said .
Demand , dollar : Even as Ike threatened the Gulf Coast region , oil prices remained near five - month lows , because the oil market has been fixated on the global economic slowdown chipping away at demand for pricey energy .
Crude prices have fallen more than $ 46 from the record - high of $ 147.27 a barrel , set July 11 .
People " were buying oil because they thought that the rest of the world would continue to demand oil , " said Flynn .
" Now , with the rest of the world 's economy slowing down , we are seeing that global demand for energy is falling . "
The International Energy Agency on Wednesday lowered its demand forecast for the next two years .
IEA said world demand for oil will average 86.8 million barrels per day in 2008 , 100,000 barrels per day lower than it had originally forecast .
In 2009 , demand will be 87.6 million barrels per day , 140,000 barrels per day lower than it had announced in its previous report .
" Oil should probably already be below $ 100 , " said Flynn .
" The impact of Ike so far is basically stopping the free fall . "
" If Ike does not do was much damage as people fear , I think we could see the sell off accelerate and we could get back to the $ 80s , " said Flynn .
" Ike can be a game changer for this market . "
In addition , the stronger dollar has weakened oil prices .
Crude oil is traded in U.S. currency around the globe , and so when the dollar strengthens , crude prices move lower .
Special trading session : With Ike heading toward the Gulf Coast , the Chicago Mercantile Exchange announced that it would hold a special , additional electronic trading session .
Globex trading for oil will begin on Sunday at 10 a.m. ET with a 9:30 a.m. pre-open .
Typically , electronic trading on Sunday begins at 6 p.m. in time for early trading in Asia .
Blogger Ron Barrett has scoured the IT world to bring you this list of affordably priced business productivity tools that run on any desktop ( many are even free ) .
Also check out Barrett 's full review of each tool in his A Better Windows World blog .
After you 've checked out the slideshow , let us know if we missed anything and if you 've got a favorite cross- platform productivity tool .
2 Timothy 1:7 : “ For God hath not given us the spirit of fear ; but of power , and of love , and of a sound mind . ”
James Dobson and the Christian Right activists at Focus on the Family seem to have forgotten that scriptural promise .
Then again , there is a great deal of the Bible they seem to have forgotten , or chosen to blatantly ignore .
Their real “ focus ” is on scare tactics to frighten conservative evangelicals away from any flirtation with voting for Barack Obama , who may as well be the devil incarnate masquerading beneath a veneer of seductive charisma .
The latest instrument in this campaign of emotional intimidation is a “ Letter from 2012 in Obama ’s America , ” [ download PDF at website ] produced by Focus on the Family Action , the PAC arm of Dobson ’s organization .
The document is so over the top that it ’s garnered the usual media buzz , which is the goal of the group ’s media strategy , according to Focus senior vice president Tom Minnery .
Unfortunately , the press finds such extremism more riveting than the message of a Christian political organization like Matthew 25 that supports Obama and candidates who are likely to promote the moral values expressed in Jesus ’ Sermon on the Mount , and which takes as its scriptural mandate Jesus ’ words in Matthew 25:40 , “ I tell you the truth , as you did it to one of the least of these my brothers , you did it to me . ”
Whoever crafted the 15 - page letter clearly had a creative heyday while indulging paranoia at an unprecedented level .
The letter , which is as likely to amuse as to appall most Christians who are more moderate and rational than Dobson ’s devotees , outlines a world so transformed in just four years that it has become unrecognizable .
Consider these 15 ( and the letter contains more ) “ natural ” outcomes if Obama is elected , most of which are fomented after a 6 - 3 liberal majority takes over the U.S. Supreme Court :
• Boy Scouts disband after refusing to allow homosexual scoutmasters to sleep in the same tent as young boys
• First - graders get “ compulsory training in varieties of gender identity , ” and parents can no longer opt out of school - based sex ed for their kids
• Churches are declared “ public accommodations ” and forced to offer marriage ceremonies for homosexual couples
• Military must offer “ sensitivity training ” for troops forced to accept enlisted homosexuals
• The Supreme Court declares that “ proselytizing speech ” does not have the same protection as other speech , and Christian ministries are banned from college campuses
• Nurses who do not wish to participate in abortions will lose their jobs , and doctors who deliver babies at hospitals must perform abortions or lose their licenses
• The FCC nullifies all restrictions on obscene speech or visual portrayals on TV , and it ’s now a 24 - hour non -stop diet of explicit porn
• States are allowed to ban guns , and illegal gun-owners face stiff fines or prison terms
• Home - schoolers are forced to use state - approved curricula , and rather than do so , many emigrate to New Zealand or Australia where they may teach without restrictions
• The U.S. troop withdrawal from Iraq prompts a take - over by Al Qaeda , which in turn has carried out terrorist attacks on four U.S. cities
• Russia reclaims most of the old Soviet bloc , including the Baltic states , Poland , Hungary , Czech Republic and Bulgaria while UN & NATO fail to take action
• Latin America topples toward communism as the U.S. ’s pro-Chavez policies give Venezuela more weight
• A single - payer national health care system has banned hospital admissions for anyone over 80
• Periodic blackouts are the norm after a moratorium is instituted on new oil drilling , nuclear plants and CO2 - emitting coal power plants
• Business owners and entrepreneurs have moved overseas in droves to avoid higher taxes , with a huge loss of U.S. jobs
Wow , that ’s one efficient administration .
Even when G.W. Bush had both houses of Congress , a majority of Supreme Court appointees , and two - thirds of federal judgeships in his court , the American political and cultural landscape held relatively steady .
That ’s not to say that another four years of Republican control would n’t instigate a significant shift farther right – or that change wo n’t happen under Obama — but a scenario like the one Focus paints in this letter is as ridiculous as it is underhanded in its efforts to exploit the worries of religious conservatives who are beholden to fear rather than faith .
And to push the insult further , it turns out that some Christians themselves will be to blame .
As the letter ’s author , “ A Christian in 2012 , ” states in an effort to explain how all this happened , “ In 2008 many evangelicals thought that Senator Obama was an opportunity for a ‘ change , ’ and they voted for him .
They simply did not realize Obama ’s far - left agenda would take away many of our freedoms as a nation , perhaps permanently …[ allowing ] the law , in the hands of a liberal Congress and Supreme Court , to become a great instrument of oppression . ”
As a result of these naïve voters ’ ignorance , the country has become a pawn in the takeover by “ the agenda of the ACLU , the agenda of liberal activist judges in their dissenting opinions , the agenda of the homosexual activists , the agenda of the environmental activists , the agenda of the National Education Association , the agenda of the global warming activists , the agenda of the abortion rights activists , the agenda of the gun control activists , the agenda of the euthanasia supporters , the agenda of the one - world government pacifists , [ and ] the agenda of far - left groups in Canada and Europe . ”
Heaven help us .
That ’s a lot of agendas .
Capitalizing on fear has been a mainstay in the religious right ’s persuasion tactics , just as absolutist governments have perpetuated through history .
Fear has always been the most powerful weapon tyrants have utilized to engineer consent to power , or to mobilize people into attacking other nations , races , ethnic groups or cultures .
It is always fear that precedes fascism .
And it is ironic that in trumpeting the threats to freedom posed by this litany of “ leftist ” agendas , Focus on the Family and its ilk would seek to replace existing freedoms with a form of government that leans dangerously toward theocracy .
But the greater irony is that the “ gospel ” of Jesus translates to “ good news , ” not “ be afraid . ”
The Book of Matthew tells the story of the good news Jesus brings to the poor , the grieving , the hungry , the persecuted , the meek , the merciful , the pure of heart , and the peacemakers .
It is these , the scriptures say , who will be blessed , comforted , satisfied , and who shall see God .
Not once does the Jesus of the New Testament express concern over homosexuality as the greatest threat to the Kingdom of God .
Rather – as is made clear in the more than 2,000 verses in the Bible critiquing the love of money – it is being consumed with materialism and one ’s own well - being at the ignorance and expense of others .
In Matthew 25:42 - 45 , Jesus says , “ For I was hungry , and you gave me no meat .
I was thirsty , and you gave me no drink .
I was a stranger , and you took me not in ; naked , and you clothed me not ; sick , and in prison , and you did not visit me .
Then shall they also answer him , saying , Lord , when did we see you hungry , thirsty , or a stranger , or naked , or sick , or in prison , and did not minister unto you ?
He answered them , saying , I tell you the truth : inasmuch as you did it not to one of the least of these , you did it not to me . ”
Imagine a letter from 2012 in which genuine Christian values – an agenda for “ the least of these ” – were to prevail .
Now that would be a transformed world .
In the meantime , Dobson and his supporters would do well to heed the words of David in the Psalms : “ The Lord is my Shepherd , whom shall I fear ? ”
Indeed , the most frequently expressed command in the Bible is “ be not afraid “ or “ do not fear . ”
Focus on the Family ’s political agenda is thus neither Christian , nor right .
Investment risk is the chance that money can be made or lost on any investment .
It is important to know how risk and reward interact and to understand what investments might suits different risk appetites .
“ No pain , no gain . ”
You heard that cliché to describe something you really did n’t want to do ?
Unfortunately , investing carries a certain amount of risk and with that risk can come some pain , but also some gain .
You must weigh the potential reward against the risk of an investment to decide if the pain is worth taking for thethe potential gain . ”
Understanding the relationship between risk and reward is a key piece in building your personal investment philosophy .
What is Risk ?
Risk can be thought of as the uncertainity of something happening .
In investing this is often seen as the variability in the returns of an investment .
This variability can be measured in many ways , one common yardstick beingvolatility .
Volatility is a measure of the speed and magnitude of price changes in an investment over a period of time .
If the price moves up and down rapidly over short time periods , it has high volatility .
If the price almost never changes , it has low volatility .
Investors need to be aware of the various investment risks and to realise what effects they might have on their investments .
Although risks pose a threat , they also pose an opportunity and investors need to know the best way of mitigating risk so that they can also benefit from the potential rewards .
What about reward ?
Risk and reward go hand in hand .
Generally speaking the greater the risk the greater the potential chance of reward , or loss .
An investors financial goals and attitude to risk will be a guide to what type of investment will best suit them .
Different asset classes have different risk / reward profiles .
Read
Any investment carries a certain degree of risk .
The rule of thumb is “ the higher the risk , the higher the potential return , ” but you need to consider an addition to the rule so that it states the relationship more clearly : “ the higher the risk , the higher the potential return , and the less likely it will achieve the higher return . ”
To understand this relationship completely , you must know where your comfort level is and be able to correctly gauge the relative risk of a particular stock or other investment .
“ How likely am I to lose money ? ” Is how most people think of invstment risk .
This statement describes only part of the picture , however .
You should consider that risk when evaluating an investment :
* Are my investments going to lose money ?
* Will I achieve my investment goal ?
* Am I will to accept more risk to achieve higher returns ?
Let ’s look a closer look at these concerns about risk .
Am I Going to Lose Money ?
The most common type of risk is the danger your investment will lose money .
On the contrary investments that guarantee you wo n’t lose money , but you will give up most of the opportunity to earn a return in exchange .
U.S. Treasury bonds and bills carry the full faith and credit of the United States behind them , which makes these issues the safest in the world .
Bank certificates of deposit ( CDs ) with a federally insured bank are also very secure .
The price for this safety however is a very low return on your investment .
When you calculate the effects of inflation on your investment and the taxes you pay on the earnings , your investment may return very little or no real growth .
Will I Achieve My Financial Goals ?
The elements that determine whether you achieve your investment goals are :
* Amount invested
* Length of time invested
* Rate of return or growth
* Less fees , taxes , inflation , etc .
As noted in the previous section , if you ca n’t accept much risk in your investments , then you will earn a lower return .
To compensate for the lower anticipated return , you must increase the amount invested and the length of time invested .
Many investors find that a modest amount of risk in their portfolio is an acceptable way to increase the potential of achieving their financial goals .
By diversifying their portfolio with investments of various degrees of risk , they hope to take advantage of a rising market and protect themselves from dramatic losses in a down market .
Am I Willing to Accept Higher Risk ?
What is tour attitude to investment risk .
An investor needs to find his or her comfort level with risk and construct an investment strategy around that level .
A portfolio that carries a significant degree of risk may have the potential for outstanding returns , but it also may fail dramatically .
There is nothing like “ right or wrong ” amount of risk – it is a personal decision for each investor .
Young investors can afford higher risk than older investors can because young investors have more time to recover if disaster strikes .
If you are five years away from retirement , you probably do n’t want to be taking extraordinary risks with your nest egg , because you will have little time left to recover from a significant loss .
A too conservative approach may mean you do n’t achieve your financial goals .
Conclusion
Investors can control the level of some of the risk in their portfolio through the proper mix of stocks and bonds .
Most experts consider a portfolio more heavily weighted toward stocks riskier than a portfolio that favors bonds .
Risk is a natural part of investing .
Investors need to find their comfort level and build their portfolios and expectations accordingly .
Over at conservative Michelle Malkin ’s blog people are upset at McCain .
Why ?
Because the Republican National Committee ( RNC ) is running a radio ad that , in Malkin ’s words , is pure “ hispandering ” .
The ad , in Spanish , tries to paint McCain as a friend to Hispanics because of his support for amnesty for illegal aliens ( or as Malkin spells it , “ shamnesty ” ) .
I have to give Malkin credit that her first point is that the ad treats “ Hispanics as a monolithic bloc of open - borders sheep , ” when the majority of American Hispanics are here legally and do not necessarily support amnesty for illegals .
But her main point is that this is unabashed pandering for votes ( which Malkin says are “ votes they ’re not going to get anyway ” ) .
McCain ’s campaign is once again thumbing its nose at the conservative base , who strongly oppose amnesty for illegal aliens .
In fact , they rose up in arms in 2006 over McCain ’s support for amnesty .
But the best part is the comments , including the one I paraphrased for the title :
The RNC is their own worst enemy .
They just love to poke conservatives in the eye and expect them to blindly ( no pun intended ) support them and more disgustingly donate $ $ $$ to their campaign .
Hark !!
There go my men( conservatives ) , I must catch them , for I am their leader–not .
Senor Mc Spain
But others are just as funny :
Is he trying to lose on purpose ?
What part of illegal do n’t they understand ?
Is he implying all hispanics are “ immigrants ” ?
Is n’t that stereotyping or did I wake up on the wrong side of the PC bed this morning .
When we killed the shamnesty legislation he said he “ got the message , secure the border first ” .
In the immortal [ words ] of Bugs Bunny ” What a maroon ” .
When the Republicans got spanked in 2006 he claimed he did learn his lesson .
Sounds to me as if he needs to learn it again .
Only McCain , can defeat McCain .
I do n’t see how anyone who calls themselves conservative can vote for Juan for el presidente .
How many times does he have to betray conservatives for us to get the picture ??
Another amnesty will result in Democrat majorities for decades , or until they are supplanted by the La Raza Party , why does n’t the RNC know that ?
How stupid do you have to be to import voters for the opposition at the same time you alienate your own voters ?
McCain needs to get his head out of his arse .
We are screwed .
Since this ad seems to be pretty offensive to just about everyone , you have to wonder whom is the target of the ad .
If the RNC is aiming an ad at illegal aliens , someone needs to tell them that they ca n’t vote .
Ever played a game where simply thinking about winning was enough to ensure you lost ?
I had that experience Thursday night at a preview event for Wired NextFest in Chicago 's Millennium Park .
My wife Kerry and I threw down in a spirited match of Brainball ( after throwing down a couple of martinis , natch ) .
The gameboard — and premise — of Brainball is simple .
The playing field sits on an orange table about the size of a typical card table .
There 's a long , narrow strip of plastic running almost the length of the table with a small circular goal at either end .
To play , you strap on a headband with three metal contacts and try to move the ball from the center of the table to your opponent 's goal .
Paradoxically , the key to winning a game of Brainball is trying not win .
You control the ball by relaxing as much as possible ; the contacts in your headband monitor your alpha and theta brainwaves .
The lower the activity , the more the ball will move .
Doing battle with my better half .
You can see bits of our brain activity on screen at the top
In practice , it 's a bit unnerving .
My wife Kerry and I decided to square off , and we have quite different personalities .
She 's someone who has a hard time relaxing , always feeling the need to get stuff done instead of sitting back and chilling out .
Me ?
I 'm almost the exact opposite , so we both thought it would make for an interesting match .
Trying to pacify the ball with cool thoughts
After sitting down , donning the headband , and pressing the button to clear the game , I immediately tried to relax .
One of Negro League pitching great Satchel Paige 's rules for staying young was , " if your stomach disputes you , lie down and pacify it with cool thoughts , " so I tried to pacify the ball in a similar manner .
( My favorite of Paige 's rules : " Keep the juices flowing by jangling around gently as you move . " )
I also closed my eyes halfway in an attempt to avoid being distracted by its movement ( or lack thereof ) .
As I struggled to calm myself and slow my breathing , I noticed the ball lurching forward very slowly as Kerry attempted to fight genetics and relax .
Eventually , the ball traveled all the way down the table and landed in her goal .
We placed it in the middle of the table and hit the button once more .
This time , the ball did n't start to move my way .
Kerry had relaxed enough to force the ball in my direction , and that discovery was not at all relaxing .
I tried to fall into a zen - like state and send the ball back in her direction , and briefly succeeded .
But my triumph was short - lived , as the ball kept slowly rolling toward me .
After failing to stop its advance by imagining sunlit meadows and ocean vistas , I decided to take the opposite approach .
I tensed up my muscles while ratcheting up the mental intensity .
At that moment , it was as though the horns blew a seventh time and the walls of Jericho came tumbling down — the ball sped the remaining few inches down the table into my goal .
In the interest of maintaining marital harmony , we called it a draw at one match apiece and vacated the table so Clint Ecker and Jacqui Cheng could do battle .
I 've read enough sci- fi and fantasy in my day to know telekinesis when I see it , and that 's what playing Brainball felt like .
It was fascinating being able to move a physical object with my brain — even if I had to try my hardest not to move it in order to do so .
Brainball offers just a small glimpse of the work being done on brain - computer interfaces , and there are hopefully much more significant advances around the corner .
But given a choice of Brainball and Wii Sports , I think I 'd choose the latter every time .
If you 're going to be in Chicago , Wired NextFest runs from September 27 through October 12 .
Admission is free .
For et halvt år siden ville ikke mange ha satt pengene sine på denne vendingen .
My erstwhile DFID colleague Owen Barder knows a thing or two about finance and financial services ( he has , after all , been a private secretary to the Chancellor of the Exchequer and then Tony Blair ’s economic affairs private secretary at Number 10 , among other interesting jobs ) .
Over on his blog , Owen ’s now ruminating about the fact that since Gordon has nationalised our banks , we ’re all shareholders .
And he has a message for his new employees .
To the managers of the banks
Every time I have suggested things you might do differently , I have been told that this is impossible as you are under an obligation to pursue the interests of your shareholders .
Now that I am – unexpectedly – one of your shareholders , I expect you ’d like to know what I would like you to do .
Here are seven new instructions to be getting on with .
1. Short - term profits are not important : what is important is long - term value .
I would like you to stop chasing short term arbitrage opportunities and overnight trading and focus on identifying and investing in the best - run , most productive and valuable enterprises .
There will be no trading in derivatives or other purely financial products .
2 . Cut executive pay immediately .
From now on , nobody in the bank will get paid more than four times the salary of the lowest - paid employee .
If you want to award yourself a pay rise , you ’ll have to increase the salaries at the bottom .
3 . All our branches and subsidiaries overseas will pay local taxes , in full .
There will be no clever arrangements to transfer profits to tax havens to avoid tax .
4 . No more junk mail trying to persuade people to take out new credit .
5 . It is no longer our objective to inflate house prices .
An increase in house prices is not an increase in net wealth : it is a transfer from those who do not own houses to those that do .
We will try to dampen the housing market , not reinvigorate it .
6 . Every bank that is “ too big to fail ” will be split up into smaller banks .
We are going to reverse the cycle of mergers and takeovers that has created these monolithic institutions that have held us all to ransom .
7 . There will be no lending for businesses or individuals involved in industries that are harmful to our society and planet .
That means no lending to any of the following : the arms trade , advertising and marketing , tobacco , extracting or burning fossil fuels , or the motor industry .
Instead , please invest more in clean technologies , technologies appropriate for developing countries , non-profit organisations and community groups .
I know that you have many new shareholders , and it will take time for you to get to know us all .
My views wo n’t necessarily be shared by all your new bosses , but you can be pretty sure that lots of your new bosses think more along these lines than the old lot .
I was a bit hesitant about becoming a bank - owner , but now that it has happened , I think I ’m going to enjoy it .
Work hard – but not too hard .
Yours ,
Owen
Umm Anas was at the centre of a highly - staged event , but she was far from a cipher
There is a ceasefire in Gaza , but the BBC has found evidence of militant groups preparing for a return to violence .
One group , Islamic Jihad , is training female suicide bombers .
Middle East correspondent Paul Wood went to meet a Palestinian woman who has volunteered .
The young , veiled woman was sitting quiet and still as the room bustled around her .
The black flag of Islamic Jihad was pinned on the wall behind her and two Kalashnikovs were carefully placed in camera shot .
Her husband , an Islamic Jihad fighter himself , tied on her " martyr 's " headband .
Umm Anas - not her real name - had just graduated from a programme to train female suicide bombers in Gaza .
Our meeting was a highly - orchestrated propaganda event laid on by Islamic Jihad .
It was almost theatre - and certainly Israel accuses the Palestinian leadership of manipulating young women like 18 - year - old Umm Anas .
Yet , although she nervously twisted her wedding ring , Umm Anas did not appear to be a cipher .
She was articulate - more so than the men staging the event - and she knew her own mind .
Secret ambition
When she spoke of becoming a suicide bomber , Umm Anas 's voice was strong and steady : " This is a gift from God .
" We were created to become martyrs for God , " she continued , her eyes burning behind the full face veil .
I take each step carefully because I know I am going to sacrifice myself
Umm Anas
" All the Palestinian people were created to fight in God 's name .
If we just throw stones at the Jews they get scared .
Imagine what happens when body parts fly at them . "
The bomb belt which she hopes will end her life - and kill many Israelis - rested on the table next to us .
Her main motivation in becoming a suicide bomber appears to be religious rather than nationalistic - the fulfilment of a long - held ambition .
Even getting married recently had n't changed her mind .
" When my husband married me , he knew my way of thinking .
He knew exactly who I am and based on this he decided to marry me .
Marriage does n't give me a second 's doubt . "
I asked if that would alter if she became pregnant .
" I would wait until I delivered the baby , " she said .
" I would give him to my parents and ask them to look after him ...
Then I would leave them and the baby would remain behind as a piece of me . "
Her parents , brothers and sisters did not know .
" Martyrs - male or female - have to work in secret .
No one can know about it .
We have to be careful not to give our parents any sign of what we are about to do .
" Sometimes , maybe , they can tell and see on your face the signs of martyrdom .
They are suspicious but they do n't know for certain . "
Ready for death Umm
Anas thinks she knows the manner of her death , but she does n't know the timing .
She is waiting for the collapse of the Egyptian - brokered ceasefire between Israel and Hamas , the Islamic movement which rules Gaza .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Israel meanwhile accuses militant groups of using the pause to refit and rearm .
" There is a clear Zionist decision and trend to end and break the lull , " said an Islamic Jihad spokesman last month .
This , says the organisation , is why it has been running its secret training programme for female suicide bombers .
They want to be ready .
Trainees are being prepared to attack invading Israeli soldiers .
But would Umm Anas be ready to walk into a restaurant full of civilians , too , and blow herself up ?
" Israeli soldiers , of course ... are the easier target when they come here , but [ I would kill ] civilians too because both civilians and soldiers took our land . "
But would n't she have any difficulty killing people not holding a gun ?
Would n't she feel pity for women and children ?
" It is not important because all of them have violated our land .
Children are civilians , but they grow up to become soldiers ...
They are all brought up to hate us .
Palestine is only for Palestinians .
We must kick them all out in any way we can . "
Propaganda of fear
The use of Palestinian women as suicide bombers was once thought of as immodest - and therefore un -Islamic - but that changed , the militant groups say , because of shortage of male candidates and because women were better able to get close to their targets .
If one nation violates another nation 's land , it is the obligation of everyone - men , women , and children - to fight back
Marwan Abu Ras , Muslim Scholars Association
That 's the official explanation , but female bombers also have much greater propaganda impact .
Their participation in suicide attacks was made possible by religious rulings in Gaza .
Chairman of the Muslim Scholars Association Marwan Abu Ras told the BBC there were many precedents in Islamic history for women joining military operations .
" We do not encourage death , " he said .
" Islam prohibits you from harming yourself , even to cause a small cut in your finger , but now we are fighting a war of resistance .
" If one nation violates another nation 's land , it is the obligation of everyone - men , women , and children - to fight back . "
Finally , I asked Umm Anas if she was ever able to put out of her mind what she was about to do .
" I never stop thinking of this , " she said .
" I take each step carefully because I know I am going to sacrifice myself .
Martyrs must pray all the time .
They must fast .
" There are many duties to perform before we are ready to face God .
I am trying not to make any mistakes so that I do not miss this opportunity . "
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Why iPhone is an ureliable platform Saturday , September 13 , 2008 by Dave Winer .
I would n't invest in or develop an iPhone app because Apple could decide not to approve it , and if they do n't approve it you can't sell it .
You can't even give it away .
You do n't find out if you 've been approved until the last step , after you 've fully invested , so you could lose , totally , if Apple says no .
At first this might have seemed ridiculous if you did n't know Apple , you might assume they 'd only keep out apps that somehow damaged the iPhone , but it has n't turned out that way .
Yesterday it came out that they rejected an app called Podcaster because it competed with iTunes , an Apple product .
Maybe it was better than iTunes in some way , or simpler , more focused , had features iTunes did n't have ?
It does n't matter , it illustrates exactly why Apple should n't assume this power , or if they insisit on it , you 'd have to be crazy to develop iPhone apps .
Consider this possibility .
Next year Apple announces an app that does what your previously authorized iPhone app does .
You have competition , so another competitor , even if it is the platform vendor , is n't that big a deal , right ?
Well what if they de-authorize your app because it duplicates functionality of theirs ?
Think you could live with that ?
The same thing came up less clearly at BearHugCamp yesterday when the Twitter guys stood up and let us try to pin them down on when they were going to re-open the XMPP gateway .
If features come and go from platforms , if policies change in unpredictable ways , there 's no way you can invest .
If someone had built on the XMPP capability previously and it had been turned off ( this is a hypothetical , it did n't happen that way ) what recourse would they have had ?
Because Twitter has been such a moving target this last year , many of the apps have fallen off , because they depend on features in Twitter that have become unreliable or have disappeared altogether .
Thirteen years ago I wrote a piece entitled What is a Platform ?
Perhaps it should be amended to say that if you need the approval of the platform vendor to ship an app , then it is n't a platform .
It 's an integrity thing .
The idea that it 's a platform should mean no individual or company has the power to turn you off .
In the same timeframe I marveled at how the Internet is the platform without a platform vendor .
That 's the most powerful kind of platform there is because it is the least regulated .
View the forum thread .
Recent stories :
Dave Winer , 53 , pioneered the development of weblogs , syndication ( RSS ) , podcasting , outlining , and web content management software ; former contributing editor at Wired Magazine , research fellow at Harvard Law School , entrepreneur , and investor in web media companies .
A native New Yorker , he received a Master 's in Computer Science from the University of Wisconsin , a Bachelor 's in Mathematics from Tulane University and currently lives in Berkeley , California .
" The protoblogger . " - NY Times .
" The father of modern - day content distribution . " - PC World .
One of BusinessWeek 's 25 Most Influential People on the Web .
" Helped popularize blogging , podcasting and RSS . " - Time .
" The father of blogging and RSS . " - BBC .
" RSS was born in 1997 out of the confluence of Dave Winer 's ' Really Simple Syndication ' technology , used to push out blog updates , and Netscape 's ' Rich Site Summary ' , which allowed users to create custom Netscape home pages with regularly updated data flows . "
- Tim O'Reilly .
Dave Winer
My most recent trivia on Twitter .
An artist has released a 17 - gigapixel image of Yosemite National Park that he says is the largest stitched - together panorama available .
Gerard Maynard , a New York based painter and photographer , put together the ultra - high resolution composite using more than 2,000 individual photos that he took aided by a hacked old Pixorb motorized tripod head .
" What this allows someone to do is fully immerse themselves into the work and discover , " Maynard said .
" You throw away issues of taste and replace them with actually finding things . "
Maynard , who previously gained fame photographing Harlem , found himself out in this landscape through his work as a science photographer for the Yosemite Extreme Panoramic Imaging Project .
Stay tuned for a full write - up of that effort , and its implications for geology , tomorrow .
But for now , you can revel in nerdy details of the computing power required to handle a 96.5 gigabyte image .
" I have a bunch of RAID systems , so I 'm moving data at about 300 MB second , " Maynard said .
" It takes about 45 minutes to an hour just for one of the large images to load into Photoshop .
With a conventional drive , it'd take about two to three hours . "
You can check out the massive image in glorious detail at Maynard 's website in exchange for watching a pre-roll Obama ad .
As much as we hate to do it , we heartily recommend installing Silverlight for the best viewing .
Image : Glacier Point in Yosemite .
Courtesy of Gerard Maynard .
See Also :
WiSci 2.0 : Alexis Madrigal 's Twitter , Google Reader feed , and webpage ; Wired Science on Facebook .
Play With Spider
This is a sort of flash game / weird internet thing that my mom is going to totally hate : Play With Spider .
It 's basically just a thing where a big hairy tarantula follows your mouse around and you can control how big it is and how fast and give it bugs to eat and it sounds kinda boring but it 's actually kinda neat ?
Anyway I know that when it starts chasing after my mouse I instinctively am trying to get away from it , so that 's something .
Yes , while you were fretting over your 401k , Sarah Palin was out buying $ 150,000 worth of clothes at Neiman Marcus and Saks .
Gosh , she ’s so much like you and me , you betcha .
From The Atlantic ’s Ambinder :
There is already an attempt to blame the media — as in , the liberal media would have looked askance at Palin if she was n’t clad in Neiman Marcus , but this wo n’t wash .
Republicans , RNC donors and at least one RNC staff member have e-mailed me tonight to share their utter ( and not - for - attribution ) disgust at the expenditures .
This sort of spending is without precedent — the closest approximation for any campaign I ’ve ever covered is make - up expenses for television interviews and commercial shoots ….
[ T ]he heat for this story will come from Republicans who cannot understand how their party would do something this stupid … particularly ( and , it must be said , viewed etroactively ) during the collapse of the financial system and the probable beginning of a recession .
The Magical World Of Disney And Al Gore ’s Inconvenient Truth Are Bringing Teens Across America To The Front Of The Line In The Fight Against Climate Change .
About 2,000 teens have signed on with an organization called Inconvenient Youth to tell their friends , neighborhoods , generation and anyone who will listen that the time to take action is now .
Why ?
The founder of Inconvenient Youth , Mary Doerr , believes the young people “ can solve it . ” [ social_buttons ]
Hell , why not .
If they can make Britney Spears a pop icon they can do anything .
But let ’s hope this goes better than that did .
After seeing An Inconvenient Truth presented by Al Gore at Stanford University , Doerr started the organization .
Thanks to Disney , thousands of America ’s youth will hear Gore ’s An Inconvenient Truth presentation across the country and Disney concerts will showcase ways to reduce a carbon footprint .
Of course anyone who has been to Disneyland might chuckle at the idea – I doubt the Disney ‘s castle is lit with CFLs .
Nonetheless , Doerr hopes the next phase of IY will place more students into the offices of elected officials to push for enacting real change .
Currently , IY provides small - and large - scale tools for energy efficiency : Unplug electronics when not in use or lead a school energy audit .
IY ’s agenda includes ways to communicate about climate change and tips on handling government officials in a professional and appropriate manner .
“ it ’s been amazing to see such a strong reception to our efforts so far , and we ’ve only just begun , ” says Doerr .
The organization launched just last summer , and has motivated hundreds of teens and adults to make changes .
Image source : memekode on Flickr
“ She was America 's most wholesome girl , ” said Philippe Naughton in the Times Online , “ so who would ever have thought that Marcia Brady would end up as a cocaine addict , partying at Sammy Davis Junior 's house and trading drugs for sex ? ”
In her new book , Here 's the Story : Surviving Marcia Brady and Finding My True Voice , former Brady Bunch star Maureen McCormick says that ’s exactly what happened .
Ah , the joys of being a child star , said Stuart Heritage in Heckler Spray .
You get to develop the “ sort of low self - esteem Pavlovian conditioning ” that equates “ attention with love , ” then “ spiral off into the dark realms of joyless sex and drug addiction ” by your early teens .
Then when you career dries up , you get to write a book about it .
In a way , said The Improper.com , “ it ’s good to hear ” that McCormick “ also suffered from the ‘ unreal perfection ’ of Marcia Brady .
She inflicted that same sense of unreality on a generation of her peers , who were trying to cope with massive changes in a society that was also wrenched , at the time , by the Vietnam War . ”
At least this story has a happy ending , said David K. Li in the New York Post online .
“ After several stints in rehab and interventions by loved ones , McCormick is now not - so - ironically living an idyllic suburban life in Westlake Village , Calif. , that bears an uncanny resemblance to her pretend ‘ Brady ’ life . ”
9/11 changed everything .
A strong majority of Americans disapprove of the job Congress and the President is doing , yet have struggled to comprehend the truth of 9/11 .
Chronic fear has numbed emotions and psychological defenses has limited awareness of things we are unable to face or change .
We are reaching “ critical mass ” for the truth to emerge and overpower the lies arising from the White House .
Imagine the Numb Majority awakening like a sleeping giant .
The Main Stream Media ( MSM ) and the two major political parties have helped hide the truth through deception and limiting topics discussed .
The Democrats and Republicans are like one political party .
Imagine them as dominoes .
If there was only one party or if each were standing alone , they could be knocked over more easily .
In reality , they are like dominoes , leaning together so they support each other and are very difficult to knock over .
Two years ago , pressure was building against the GOP , so a of majority Democrats were elected to congress .
Then the Democrats ended up enabling the White House to further ignore the Geneva Conventions , the Constitution , and the Bill of Rights .
The various forces push them tighter together , so it hardly matters if the next president is Democrat or Republican .
9/11 was a Shock and Awe experience and step toward the Shock and Awe in Bagdad .
Naomi Klein ’s book , The Shock Doctrine : Rise of Disaster Capitalism is an excellent description of the shocks we are going through .
The shocks include our current financial meltdown .
The financial meltdown is like a hurricane and we are now in the eye .
Economic jolts have calmed down some , but the meltdown is far from over .
The second wave can hit at any time , probably more severe that the first half .
Add that to our government flirting with nuclear war against Iran and / or Russia , initiating use of ground troops in Pakistan ( a country with nuclear weapons ) , and the continued erosion of liberty .
We are bound to have more shocks , but the majority is being backed into a corner .
Denial of reality will no longer work , if the majority want to survive .
When the stress is overwhelming , the possible responses are fight , flight , and freeze .
Freezing up or becoming numb is not working so well anymore .
The Numb Majority is being forced to wake up to 9/11 truth .
It does not take much research to find the 9/11 truth , it has just taken some time for the horrible reality of it to soak in and realize who the 9/11 criminals really are .
There is no place to hide from it .
Fear within the government , political parties , and the MSM is evidence of this process .
The police state crackdown on dissenters at the political conventions is out of fear .
The real power is with the majority and the incentives are increasing for them to use it .
Info
Artists
Select ... 8 GB Alex Mauer Amor Antiquita A.M.U Anamanaguchi Animal Style Aonami AY Riders Binärpilot Bit Shifter Bud Melvin Cheapshot Coleco Music Commie64 Coova Cornbeast Corset Lore David Sugar Divag Doomcloud Dorothy 's Magic Bag exileFaker Firebrand Boy Gijs Gieskes glomag Gordon Strombola Goto80 gwEm Handheld IAYD I , Cactus Jellica knife city Kplecraft Kris Keyser Linde lissajou little - scale Lo-bat .
L- Tron Mark DeNardo Mesu Kasumai minusbaby M-.-n Mr. Spastic notendo Nullsleep Orloc Paza Phlogiston Poke - 1,170 Psilodump Radlib Rainbowdragoneyes Random Receptors Role Model Rugar RushJet1 Sabastian Boaz Sabrepulse Saskrotch she Sievert Snoopdroop starPause Starscream Stu Sulumi Tangible Ten and Tracer The Depreciation Guild The J. Arthur Keenes Band The X - Dump Trash80 Twilight Electric USK Vim Virt Xinon x|k Yerzmyey YM Rockerz Yuppster ZEN ALBATROSS
Store
Search
HONG KONG 
The investor Warren E. Buffett announced on Monday that he had agreed to buy a 9.89 percent stake in a Chinese battery manufacturer that plans to sell electric cars in the United States by 2010 .
The MidAmerican Energy Holdings Company , will pay 1.8 billion Hong Kong dollars  about $ 230 million  for the stake in the battery maker , the BYD Company .
Mr. Buffett ’s Berkshire Hathaway owns 87.4 percent of MidAmerican .
Based in Shenzhen , a mainland Chinese city adjacent to Hong Kong , BYD is one of the world ’s largest makers of rechargeable batteries for cellphones and other uses .
The company also has a fast - growing auto - making unit that accounts for nearly a third of its revenue and makes fuel - efficient compact and subcompact cars for the Chinese market .
The president of BYD , Wang Chuanfu , said that the alliance with Mr. Buffett was not just about raising capital for the manufacturer , which relies heavily on short - term debt .
Would you loan money to an entity that can legally print as much money as it desires ?
When you " purchase " a U.S Treasury bill , note , or bond , you are loaning money to the federal government — which possesses that ever - menacing printing press .
Of course , the federal government is duty - bound to repay you , the lender , as prescribed by the debt obligation .
Few people are willing to consider the possibility that the U.S. government would default on its debt obligations .
Nevertheless , when examined objectively , one could make the case that Uncle Sam ’s sovereign credit rating should be downgraded — perhaps even to " junk . "
So where are the credit rating agencies ?
Are they going to miss this one just like Enron ?
Today , there is a widely - held perception that the U.S. government is the safest credit risk on the planet — heck , mathematical economists even deem the yield on a U.S. Treasury bill to be the " risk - free rate of return . "
If the aforesaid perception met reality , then the U.S. government would have , among many things , a sound monetary system ( look out for that printing press ) , a laissez - faire approach to business , excellent control over its budget , honest financial reporting , along with top - flight internal accounting and control systems .
If this does n’t sound like the U.S. government you know , then it makes sense to question the conventional wisdom that Uncle Sam is the safest credit risk on the face of the Earth .
Both Moody ’s Investors and Standard and Poor ’s have granted the U.S. the highest sovereign credit rating possible ( Aaa and AAA respectively ) .
Most other countries are less fortunate and have lower credit ratings — which can affect such a country ’s interest rates and access to the credit markets .
The lower the credit rating , it is believed , the higher the chances are for a country to default on its sovereign debt obligations .
Be aware S&P downgraded Japan ’s sovereign credit rating to AA — on April 15 , 2002 ( more about this later ) .
No one wants to lend money to a party that is likely to renege on its duty to repay with interest .
So what comprises a sovereign credit rating system ?
In the Federal Reserve Bank of New York ’s October 1996 issue of its FRBNY Economic Policy Review , Richard Cantor and Frank Packer sifted out eight key variables that S&P and Moody ’s use to determine a country ’s sovereign credit rating .
In addition to studying these eight important rating variables , Messrs .
Cantor and Packer conveyed an incredibly important aspect of such ratings :
Sovereign ratings are important not only because some of the largest issuers in the international capital markets are national governments , but also because these assessments affect the ratings assigned to borrowers of the same nationality .
For example , agencies seldom , if ever , assign a credit rating to a local municipality , provincial government , or private company that is higher than that of the issuer ’s home country .
( emphasis added )
This presents quite a conundrum for the rating agencies .
In other words , is the United States becoming a banana - republic borrower with top - flight companies domiciled on its soil ?
( I ’m referring to companies whose balance sheets have n’t been raped and pillaged by Ivy League MBAs . )
For example , if the U.S. government had its rating lowered to a " junk " grade , such as BB + , would Berkshire Hathaway lose its AAA rating ?
The ramifications for downgrading Uncle Sam would be enormous .
Thus , one must wonder if there is the courage necessary , among the major rating agencies , to properly assess the U.S. government ’s credit worthiness .
What follows are descriptions of the eight key sovereign rating variables reflecting verbiage exactly as provided by Messrs .
Cantor and Packer ( variables 1 though 8 ) .
Directly , after each variable , I provide analysis as to how the U.S. government measures up in light of the specific variable at hand .
Please note that my analysis includes readily available research , commentary , and other information .
I liberally use quotes from the likes of James Grant , Bill Gross , Hans - Hermann Hoppe , Doug Noland , Kurt Richebacher , Murray Rothbard , Hans Sennholz , and others — which demonstrates that much credible information is available to support a case for downgrading Uncle Sam ’s sovereign credit rating .
Consequently , when tallying how poorly the federal government measures up to each variable , one must conclude that the U.S. government ’s sovereign credit rating should be revised dramatically downward — unquestionably to a level lower than Japan’s .
Variable # 1 — per capita income :
The greater the potential tax - base of the borrowing country , the greater the ability of a government to repay debt .
This variable can also serve as a proxy for the level of political stability and other important factors .
Analysis : Dr. Kurt Richebacher and Tony Allison make the grim points that personal incomes are not growing and that Americans , thanks to easy credit , are living well beyond their means .
Not only does this bode ill for Uncle Sam ’s tax base , a heavily indebted populace is not one that provides a foundation for social and political stability .
The following commentary came from Dr. Kurt Richebacher as found in the January 4 , 2005 edition of The Daily Reckoning :
A “ self - sustaining ” U.S. economic recovery urgently needs accelerating employment and income growth .
Just the opposite is happening .
During the six months up to last November , real disposable personal income grew just 1 % , or 2 % annualized .
This is down from 3 % in the first half of 2004 and 4.8 % in the second half of 2003 .
Taxes and higher inflation rates are taking their toll .
Debt - financed spending went to new records .
During the third quarter , private households increased their spending by $ 139.4 billion , while their earnings increased only $ 81.6 billion .
What follows is an excerpt from Tony Allison ’s December 17 , 2004 " Market Wrap Up " as found on Financial Sense Online :
In recent years , consumer incomes have not kept up with expenditures .
This is clearly shown in the personal savings rate that has plunged to near zero .
The recurring charges at the grocery store , dentist , gas station etc. will continue to add up .
As interest rates rise , these household expenses will become painfully high if not paid off .
Imagine how balances for mortgage and income tax payments will grow over time .
This is the " magic of compounding " in reverse .
" Survival debt " grows into financial suicide when credit limits are breeched .
On the whole , America ’s taxpayers are in poor financial shape — they are emulating Uncle Sam ’s reckless borrowing habits .
For instance , the average American household has $ 8,000 in credit card debt while total consumer debt is nearly $ 2 trillion .
Additionally , total household mortgage debt is approaching $ 7.8 trillion .
Thanks to the Federal Reserve , there is a debt bubble in the United States .
When combining stagnant personal income growth with aggressive personal debt growth , America ’s tax base is built upon sand .
It stands to reason that a country ’s sovereign credit rating will eventually reflect the financial health of its citizens .
This being the case , a downgrade of the United States ’ sovereign credit rating seems inevitable .
Variable # 2 — inflation : A high rate of inflation points to structural problems in the government ’s finances .
When a government appears unable or unwilling to pay for current budgetary expenses through taxes or debt issuance , it must resort to inflationary money finance .
Public dissatisfaction with inflation may in turn lead to political instability .
Analysis : Alan Greenspan is pulling a mass - psychological con job .
He continues to state that inflation is " quiescent " — although he has been a bit more hawkish of late .
Apparently , the maestro does n’t go grocery shopping or to the gas station or house hunting .
Americans are living in a state of cognitive dissonance .
We know that prices are rising , but so many believe that Mr. Greenspan has everything under control .
Not surprisingly , Doug Noland , of The Prudent Bear , does not share the maestro ’s view of quiescent inflation .
Here is what he wrote in his December 31 , 2004 Credit Bubble Bulletin :
The U.S. economy is in the midst of a distorted boom , with an increasingly ingrained inflationary bias .
Asset bubbles are heavily influencing spending and investing patterns , hence the underlying structure of the economy .
The nature of the U.S. bubble economy — where gross financial excess is required to fuel minimally acceptable employment gains — will be an issue for 2005 .
Current market rates and liquidity conditions appear poised to initially foster stronger - than - expected demand domestically and globally , although the unstable and unbalanced nature of the current global expansion will continue to provide fodder for those arguing for an imminent slowdown .
I expect the Chinese and Asian inflationary booms to become increasingly problematic .
Energy and commodities will remain in tight supply , with prices extraordinarily volatile but with a continued upward bias .
The current minority Fed view that inflation and marketplace speculation pose increasing risks has potential to become consensus .
And I can certainly envisage a scenario of increasingly anxious central bankers eyeing inflationary pressures and unstable markets across the globe .
Let ’s not lose sight of the fact that inflation itself is an assault against private property ( i.e. money ) and should be viewed accordingly by the bond market and credit rating agencies .
Variable # 3 — GDP growth : A relatively high rate of economic growth suggests that a country ’s existing debt burden will become easier to service over time .
Analysis :
As alluded to above , the U.S. government is lying about rising prices .
This also serves to distort the United States ’ gross domestic product ( GDP ) growth figures .
Bill Gross , the highly respected bond fund manager at PIMCO , penned the following in the October 2004 issue of Investment Outlook titled " Haute Con Job : "
No I can not sit quietly on this one , nor as I ’ve mentioned , have other notables in the past few years .
The CPI as calculated may not be a conspiracy but it ’s definitely a con job foisted on an unwitting public by government officials who choose to look the other way or who convince themselves that they are fostering some logical adjustment in a New Age Economy dependent on the markets and not the marketplace for its survival .
If the CPI is so low and therefore real wages in the black , tell me why U.S. consumers are resorting to hundreds of billions in home equity takeouts to keep consumption above the line .
If real GDP growth is so high , tell me why this economy has n’t created any jobs over the past four years .
High productivity ?
Nonsense , in part — statistical , hedonically created nonsense .
My sense is that the CPI is really 1 % higher than official figures and that real GDP is 1 % less .
You are witnessing a " haute con job " and one day those gorgeous statistics just like those gorgeous models , will lose their makeup , add a few pounds and wind up resembling a middle - aged Mom in a cotton skirt with better things to do than to chase the latest fad or ephemeral fashion .
( emphasis added )
Here , we have spectacular evidence of moral hazard .
The very entity that owns the printing press is " measuring " the depreciation of its monetary unit while also measuring economic growth .
The rating agencies must come to understand that the federal government is putting out works of fiction with respect to the CPI and to GDP growth .
Variable # 4 — fiscal balance : A large federal deficit absorbs private domestic savings and suggests that a government lacks the ability or will to tax its citizenry to cover current expenses or to service its debt .
Analysis : The U.S. government ’s debt increased by $ 595.8 billion during its fiscal - year 2004 .
Consequently , at fiscal year - end 9/30 / 04 , the national debt stood at $ 7,379,052,696,330 .
As of January 20 , 2005 , the national debt totaled to $ 7,613,215,612,328 .
If the sheer magnitude of America ’s national debt does n’t cause alarm , then reading over the U.S. government ’s September 30 , 2004 financial report should evoke terror .
Please note the federal government does not report its financial condition according to generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ) — which serves to understate the magnitude of its liabilities .
Here is Uncle Sam ’s balance sheet as presented in the September 30 , 2004 financial report :
( In billions of dollars ) 2004 Cash and other monetary assets ( Note 2 ) 97.0 Accounts receivable , net ( Note 3 ) 35.1 Loans receivable , net ( Note 4 ) 220.9
Taxes receivable , net ( Note 5 ) 21.3 Inventories and related property , net ( Note 6 ) 261.5 Property , plant , and equipment , net ( Note 7 ) 652.7
Other assets ( Note 8 ) 108.8 Total assets 1,397.3 Liabilities : Accounts payable ( Note 9 ) 60.1 Federal debt securities held by the public and accrued interest ( Note 10 ) 4,329.4
Federal employee and veteran benefits payable ( Note 11 ) 4,062.1 Environmental and disposal liabilities ( Note 12 ) 249.2 Benefits due and payable ( Note 13 ) 102.9 Loan guarantee liabilities ( Note 4 ) 43.1
Other liabilities ( Note 14 ) 260.3 Total liabilities 9,107.1 Contingencies ( Note 18 ) and Commitments ( Note 19 ) Net position ( 7,709.8 )
Total liabilities and net position 1,397.3
The preceding September 30 , 2004 balance sheet illustrates that the U.S. government has a negative net worth of over $ 7.7 trillion .
Keep in mind this balance sheet does not reflect intragovernmental debt holdings ( such as those held by the Social Security " trust " fund ) nor does this balance sheet include accrued liabilities such as the net present value of pension , Social Security , and other obligations .
Hence , this balance sheet grossly understates the enormity of the U.S. government ’s deficit net worth position .
Page 4 of the U.S. government ’s 9/30/04 financial report contains a section titled Liabilities and Additional Responsibilities .
This is where the staggering scope of Uncle Sam ’s liabilities is brought to light .
Here is an excerpt :
The 2004 balance sheet shows assets of $ 1,397 billion and liabilities of $ 9,107 billion , for a negative net position of $ 7,710 billion .
In addition , the Government ’s responsibilities to make future payments for social insurance and certain other programs are not shown as liabilities according to Federal accounting standards ; however , they are measured in other contexts .
These programmatic commitments remain Federal responsibilities and as currently structured will have a significant claim on budgetary resources in the future .
… the net present value for all of the responsibilities ( for current participants over a 75 - year period ) is $ 45,892 billion , including Medicare and Social Security payments , pensions and benefits for Federal employees and veterans , and other financial responsibilities .
The reader needs to understand these responsibilities to get a more complete understanding of the Government ’s finances .
Yes , you read that correctly .
The net present value of the federal government ’s " welfare " obligations is nearly $ 46 trillion .
Add in the liabilities shown on the balance sheet above , and Uncle Sam ’s liabilities exceed $ 50 trillion .
With a government that took in a little over $ 1.9 trillion in revenues in 2004 and has seen its national debt increase every year since 1957 , there is absolutely no way the federal government can continue to service its debt and fund its welfare obligations — short of resorting to inflating away these liabilities .
Other options include outright repudiation of the national debt ( i.e. a default ) and canceling all welfare programs .
How a country , with this horrible of a financial condition , merits a AAA sovereign credit rating is beyond me .
Variable # 5 — external balance .
A large current account deficit indicates that the public and private sectors together rely heavily on funds from abroad .
Current account deficits that persist result in growth in foreign indebtedness , which may become unsustainable over time .
Analysis : Regarding the United States ’ current account deficit , it is rapidly approaching the point of unsustainability .
Tony Allison drives the point home as follows :
Perhaps the most daunting debt of all is that owed to foreign sources , our current account deficit .
This is the evil twin to our lack of domestic saving .
We must borrow savings from the rest of the world to sustain our economy .
It is estimated that the U.S. is currently sucking in 80 % of the world ’s savings .
Approximately 50 % of Treasury debt is now in foreign hands .
The current account deficit is projected to exceed $ 600 billion for 2004 and continue to increase in future years .
At 6 % of GNP , the U.S. current account deficit has reached a level that has precipitated currency crises in numerous developing countries .
Is it any wonder that the U.S. dollar has become such a weak kitten in the currency market ?
The day will come when we can no longer count on the kindness of strangers .
Are rating agencies taking note of this ?
Variable # 6 — external debt .
A higher debt burden should correspond to a higher risk of default .
The weight of the burden increases as a country ’s foreign currency debt rises relative to its foreign currency earnings ( exports ) .
Analysis : Speaking of depending upon the kindness of strangers , Uncle Sam ’s overall debt to foreigners ( i.e. governments , etc. ) has grown to distressing proportions .
As Doug Noland conveyed in his December 31 , 2004 Credit Bubble Bulletin : " Fed Foreign u2018 Custody ’ Holdings of Treasury , Agency debt gained $ 5.7 billion to $ 1.336 trillion for the week ended December 29 .
Year - to - date , Custody Holdings are up $ 269.0 billion , or 25.2 % annualized . " ( emphasis in original )
In the context of a gold standard , James Grant made the following observation , about external debt , in a recent Forbes article :
The hallmark of the classical gold standard was the prompt adjustment of international payments imbalances .
The hallmark of the pure paper standard is the indefinite postponement of international payments imbalances .
Under the gold standard , a deficit country , if it persisted in its deficit , would eventually run out of gold .
Under the pure paper standard , a deficit country , if it ’s the U.S. , can keep right on printing money .
That is , it can keep on printing until its creditors cry : “ Uncle ! ” The New York Fed estimates that , at year - end 2003 , foreign central banks held $ 2.1 trillion in dollar - denominated securities , “ equivalent to more than half of marketable Treasury debt outstanding . ”
Is this massive external - debt burden high enough to warrant the interest of rating agencies ?
If not , then perhaps they should read a topical Forbes article titled A Word from a Dollar Bear : Warren Buffett ’s vote of no confidence in U.S. fiscal policies is up to $ 20 billion .
When Warren Buffett speaks , perhaps the rating agencies should listen .
Variable # 7 — economic development .
Although level of development is already measured by our per capita income variable , the rating agencies appear to factor a threshold effect into the relationship between economic development and risk .
That is , once countries reach a certain income or level of development , they may be less likely to default .
We proxy for this minimum income or development level with a simple indicator variable noting whether or not a country is classified as industrialized by the International Monetary Fund .
Analysis :
One must not confuse a country ’s past glory with its future prospects .
The United States has devolved from a republic to a social democracy .
I would argue that the U.S. is experiencing economic " undevelopment " directly related to the decivilization process occurring in America today .
In Hans - Hermann Hoppe ’s fabulous book Democracy : The God That Failed , Dr. Hoppe describes what happens to a populace living under nanny - statism .
He describes how the decivilizing nature of social democracy
… has led to permanently rising taxes , debts , and public employment .
It has led to the destruction of the gold standard , unparalleled paper - money inflation , and increased protectionism and migration controls .
Even the most fundamental private law provisions have been perverted by an unabating flood of legislation and regulation .
Simultaneously , as regards civil society , the institutions of marriage and family have been increasingly weakened , the number of children has declined , and the rates of divorce , illegitimacy , single parenthood , singledom , and abortion have increased …
In comparison to the nineteenth century , the cognitive prowess of the political and intellectual elites and the quality of public education have declined .
And the rates of crime , structural unemployment , welfare dependency , parasitism , negligence , recklessness , incivility , pyschopathy , and hedonism have increased .
Initially , one may think that Dr. Hoppe ’s words are much too harsh .
Using , as proxies , the staggering amount of debt and welfare obligations being left for future American generations to tackle ( as described in the analysis of " variable # 4 " above ) , I would argue that he is right on the money .
In fact , I would add that this intergenerational wealth transfer is utterly despicable and immoral .
The prior generations who supported income taxation , the founding of the Federal Reserve , the New Deal , the Great Society , etc. were morally and intellectually bankrupt and bear direct responsibility for the social decay we see all around us .
A country experiencing a decivilization process , like the U.S. , is not one that will move forward with economic development .
Is it any wonder why American manufacturers are building factories overseas ?
It is n’t just a matter of seeking less expensive labor .
It is a matter of seeking better educated and harder working laborers than are available in the United States .
Quite frankly , America ’s public schools are " cranking out " high self - esteem , low skilled graduates who expect large salaries and small workloads .
Social - democratic " values " are engrained in public schools at the expense of teaching students reading , writing , math , and basic science .
Accordingly , public schools are at the heart of the problem of decivilization and economic undevelopment .
American manufacturers know this and are voting with their feet and their wallets .
Hans -Hermann
Hoppe does not stand alone in describing the ugliness of social democracy and its inherent narcissism , recklessness , and hedonism .
Dr. Hans Sennholz aptly describes the social implications of a heavily indebted social - democratic society :
Our debt generation is a sad generation misguided by false notions and doctrines , and preoccupied with its own needs and wants .
When economic conditions begin to deteriorate it may grow ever more egocentric and wretched , which tends to aggravate the social tension and strife .
Clinging tenaciously to its transfer claims and rights , the unhappy society thus may deteriorate into a militant assembly of diverse pressure groups feuding and fighting each other .
Perhaps Standard and Poor ’s and Moody ’s have n’t looked closely at the terrible destruction social democracy has wrought on American society .
The U.S. is going through a decivilization process and , therefore , economic undevelopment .
As mentioned above , this is a factor as to why jobs are moving overseas .
This , undoubtedly , should be factored in to Uncle Sam ’s sovereign credit rating .
Variable # 8 — default history .
Other things being equal , a country that has defaulted on debt in the recent past is widely perceived as a high credit risk .
Both theoretical considerations of the role of reputation in sovereign debt … and related empirical evidence indicate that defaulting sovereigns suffer a severe decline in their standing with creditors …
We factor in credit reputation by using an indicator variable that notes whether or not a country has defaulted on its international bank debt since 1970 .
Analysis :
Over the years a mystique has emerged , regarding Uncle Sam , in which " he " believes in the sanctity of debt repayment — which of course means that default is never an option .
Economics and finance professors perpetuate this myth and ignore history .
In reality , the U.S. government has committed more serious transgressions than just defaulting on international bank debt .
It has committed defaults that rating agency analysts should find appalling — this entails looking past mythology and seeking the truth .
Thankfully , the courageous and brilliant economist , Murray N. Rothbard , had the intellectual fortitude to tell the truth regardless of establishment thinking and conventional wisdom .
In his most excellent book Making Economic Sense , Dr. Rothbard points out something that the rating agencies mysteriously ignore .
Not only has Uncle Sam defaulted on its financial obligations ( after the aforementioned critical date of 1970 ) , it defaulted on an entire monetary system — remember Bretton Woods ?
Here is what Murray Rothbard had to say :
For two decades , the system seemed to work well , as the U.S. issued more and more dollars , and they were then used by foreign central banks as a base for their own inflation .
In short , for years the U.S. was able to “ export inflation ” to foreign countries without suffering the ravages itself .
Eventually , however , the ever - more inflated dollar became depreciated on the gold market , and the lure of high priced gold they could obtain from the U.S. at the bargain $ 35 per ounce led European central banks to cash in dollars for gold .
The house of cards collapsed when President Nixon , in an ignominious declaration of bankruptcy , slammed shut the gold window and went off the last remnants of the gold standard in August 1971 .
( emphasis added )
Indeed , Dr. Rothbard was correct that this was a national declaration of bankruptcy .
However , since gold was involved , perhaps this was a forgivable event .
After all , many other countries were waging a war against gold ( that barbarous relic ) in pursuit of establishing pure fiat currency regimes .
Nevertheless , this was a most spectacular default thus destroying the conventional wisdom that the United States will always honor its obligations — debt or otherwise .
But what about defaulting on Treasury bonds in the 20th century ?
Has this ever happened in the U.S. ?
As a matter of fact , it has — refer to the U.S. Supreme Court case Perry v. United States , 294 U.S. 330 ( 1935 ) .
Per this case , John M. Perry " purchased " a $ 10,000 " Fourth Liberty Loan 4 % Gold Bond of 1933 — 1938 . "
When Mr. Perry sought repayment , the federal government refused to pay the loan back , in gold coin , and forced Mr. Perry to accept $ 10,000 of legal tender currency instead .
Briefly here are some details from the case :
Plaintiff brought suit as the owner of an obligation of the United States for $ 10,000 , known as ‘ Fourth Liberty Loan 4 1/4 % Gold Bond of 1933 — 1938 . ’
This bond was issued pursuant to the Act of September 24 , 1917 , 1 et seq . ( 40 Stat. 288 ) , as amended , and Treasury Department circular No. 121 dated September 28 , 1918 .
The bond … provided :
The principal and interest hereof are payable in United States gold coin of the present standard of value .
When FDR , via his 1933 Executive Order , declared it illegal to own circulating gold coins , gold bullion , and gold certificates , the federal government forced itself into the position of defaulting on paying the abovementioned Liberty bondholders in the prescribed gold coin .
Hence , subsequent to FDR ’s executive order , all holders of such bonds were forced to accept legal tender currency instead of " gold coin of the present standard of value . "
The act of confiscating gold itself was a violation of private property rights and was illegal — regardless of what government apologists say .
In turn , by not paying bondholders in gold coin , the U.S. government has technically defaulted on past Treasury bond obligations .
As expected , the U.S. Supreme Court ruled against Mr. Perry and in favor of Uncle Sam .
This does not change the chilling truth that , in the past , the U.S. government has exercised arbitrary power to change the rules of the bond market ( i.e. the means of repayment ) by trampling private property rights .
A default is a default .
Having gone through all eight variables , it should be obvious that both Moody ’s and Standard & Poor ’s have grossly overrated America ’s sovereign debt — it does n’t merit the top grade of AAA .
In variables such as default history , inflation , external balance , external debt , and economic development , the U.S. should rate significantly lower than does Japan — and should rate worse in many variables as compared to a developing country such as Botswana .
Look at the table below and decide for yourself .
( Source — The Japan Times : Should Japan be rated below Botswana ? )
Eight variables considered by key to sovereign credit ratings
–
JAPAN
BOTSWANA
Per capita income
High
Low
GDP growth
Negative
Strongly positive
Inflation
Deflation
Moderate
Fiscal balance
Alarming deficit
Surplus
External balance
Surplus
Surplus
External debt
Low
Low
Economic development
High
Low
Default history
Nil
Nil
Note : Each agency uses a different standard .
Japan was rated AA minus by Standard & Poor ’s , A2 by Moody ’s , and AA by Fitch .
One could reasonably conclude that if Japan has been assigned a lower sovereign credit rating than Botswana ( which reveals that rating agencies are n’t showing favoritism in Japan ’s case ) , then logically the U.S. should be assigned a lower rating than Japan .
So why is n’t the U.S. rated below Japan ?
Or is the U.S. the only country worthy of favoritism ?
This calls into question the credibility of the major rating agencies .
Where would you rate the United States ’ sovereign debt ?
If you refer to the embedded table , you will see S&P ’s and Moody ’s various investment grades .
If you believe Uncle Sam is a non-investment grade risk , then you have rated U.S. Treasury debt as " junk . "
Should the major rating agencies sound the alarm with respect to the U.S. government ’s precariously debt - bloated financial condition — among other problems ?
I certainly hope so .
As Raymond W. McDaniel , president of Moody ’s Investors Service , has stated : " In Moody ’s view , the main and proper role of credit ratings is to enhance transparency and efficiency in debt capital markets by reducing the information asymmetry between borrowers and lenders . "
Sophisticated bond fund managers , large insurance companies , and foreign central bankers may not need to rely on Moody ’s or S&P to bring information between borrowers and lenders into symmetry .
This aside , millions of Americans lend money to Uncle Sam ( via purchasing bonds ) and , on the whole , are economically illiterate — thanks largely to public schools .
A downgrade of Uncle Sam ’s credit rating would surely be a huge news story and may wake up the masses to the painful truth that their country is hurtling toward a debt - induced economic disaster ( even Chris P. Dialynas , a Managing Director of PIMCO , is calling for America ’s foreign creditors to forgive a portion of the U.S. Treasury debt they hold ) .
A ratings downgrade may compel Americans to direct their savings to safer havens — thus preserving a healthier pool of savings from which America ’s economy can be rebuilt .
( Believe me , it will need to be rebuilt after Alan Greenspan ’s / America ’s debt orgy comes to an end . )
It is time for the credit rating agencies to muster the courage to do the right thing and downgrade Uncle Sam .
Or will we hear that all too familiar question : " How could the rating agencies have missed this one ? "
The Best of Eric Englund
Proud Valley Trash Posted on October 23 , 2008 in Uncategorized [ tags ] proud valley trash , sarah palin , sara palin , sarah palin wearing proud valley trash shirt , valleytrash.com , sarah palen , sara palen , proud trash , proud to be valley trash [ / tags ]
Related Posts On PBH & The Web No related posts .
From The PBH Network Hot On The Web
Yahoo Finance
The prospect of a disputed presidential election may yield a tainted result that many U.S. voters will view as “ illegitimate , " with implications for the markets and the economy .
Does the number 20,000 represent the apocalypse , nirvana or nothing at all ?
Well , that all depends on how much or little money you have invested in Vancouver 's real estate market .
Announcements , Events & more from Tyee and select partners John Horton ’s Paintings Preserve History .
His Seamanship Saves Lives
Meet the fascinating Order of BC winner who also happens to be a Tyee supporter .
The number of homes for sale tipped 20,000 on Friday and is still climbing .
Paul Boenisch , a popular blogger who runs the North Vancouver Homes blog was the first to announce the turn of the dial : " 20,000 listings .
Is this the top ? ? ? "
This time last year , there were around 12,000 listings for sale , and it was , to use the blogger lingo , a bullish seller 's market .
But when there are more listings , and the sellers outnumber the buyers , the theory goes that it becomes a buyer 's market -- the law of supply and demand .
The tide may now be turning , and not just in the minds of those wishful - thinking real estate bears .
Boenisch , a realtor , predicts even more homes will be listed by fall .
" We saw prices decline last month and many feel prices are destined to continue moving downward , " he blogs .
" Is this a good thing or a bad thing ?
Does cheering a price correction make you a pessimist ?
I guess it depends entirely on your current position . "
The benchmark price of a detached house in Greater Vancouver was $ 771,250 in May 2008 , but $ 765,654 in June 2008 , according to the Real Estate Board of Greater Vancouver .
Not a huge decrease , but significant because it 's the first one in years .
" One thing is for certain , " blogs Boenisch , " home prices were growing at a rate that could not be sustained .
Now our market is re balancing .
I personally would not want to be holding a bunch of pre-sales right now . "
Rob Chipman is another popular blogger and realtor whose commenters started posting about " 20 K " as soon as it happened , then he joined in .
Chipman consistently predicts a price correction on his blog , but does n't think that 20,000 is " some sort of magic number causing sellers to capitulate . "
In response to the hundreds of comments about the milestone , he blogged , " Apparently it 's common knowledge that we 're on the verge of another Great Depression .
Mark me down as doubtful .
Real estate prices rise , and real estate prices fall .
We do n't require a cataclysm for that to happen .
The fact that the market is changing does n't mean we 're in for a Great Depression either .
Just as we said three years ago when prices were rising -- real estate prices rise and fall , and that 's normal .
( I 'm sure that should get the bears burning ! :-) "
Dozens of commenters wished each other " Happy 20 K ! ! " on both blogs .
Here is a sampling of what else they said :
Reactions
" I cheer for a world where housing is affordable not just for those that already own it .
Is that pessimistic ? "
- Jesse .
" YEEEEEEEEEHAAAAAAAAW !
Did n't think we would get there this fast ! "
- Damien .
" I 'm sorry that I do n't share all of your enthusiasm , but I just do n't see the significance of 20,000 listings .
Sure , it 's a big round number , and this may very well prove to be the peak of the current market cycle .
But the reality is , I still can't afford to buy a house , and prices have barely come off their highs .
What I 've learned from this blog ( and others ) is that : 1 ) Prices are sticky on the way down and 2 ) Prices usually bottom about 2 years after a market peak .
I 'll get excited when prices drop 30 % to 40 % and I can actually afford to buy .
That may take a while . "
- Missed the Boat
Observations
" Times are certainly changing .
My phone did n't ring at all today .
I currently have 6 active listings on MLS , another 1 that should get processed by tomorrow , and possibly another three listings to hit within a week .
" I was chatting with one of my colleagues today who has 26 active listings and she told me that she was doing a lot more showings last year while carrying 8 - 10 at a time .
" From a realtor 's perspective , this is bleak .
I had to laugh earlier this week when a prospective client thought it was ' bleak ' that I suggested $ 449 k on his property that he bought for $ 138 k in 1999 , and it traded in 1992 for $ 131 k .
Greedy pig ! "
- Jeff
" GUYS , the place I 'm bidding on is 25 % less Market ….
and the realtor says there is a shot … as NO else is calling or coming to view …… so it can happen … "
-romeojordan
" Check out job growth in San Diego in 2007 .
Unemployment was not significantly increasing in 2007 even as house prices declined at double - digit annual rates .
In San Diego , job losses indeed exacerbated the housing bust but price declines started before major job losses happened -- the job losses were an inevitable fallout of overbuilding . "
- jesse
Predictions
" If past trends are an indicator , we 'll probably stay around this level (+/- 1,500 ) until September or November with a decline towards December ( expiries ) . "
- Vansanity
" I have to disagree with you there .
With tighter lending ( no $ 0 down , or 40 yr mortgages ) coming in the fall , we will continue to see listings increase until the winter , especially in the next 2 - 3 months .
Another reasoning is the fact that the [ mainstream media ] has n't really focused on the story yet and many people still are n't aware of the current state of the market . "
- Anonymous
" 30,000 -- it is possible -- we could have one of the largest crashes on the planet in the [ Real Estate Board of Greater Vancouver ] … seriously , why not ?
Our listings to population is going off the charts … sales coming to a halt ( and the great unwashed are still buying a bit -- when the fools wise up -- then watch the fun unfold … good times … "
-WoW
" Well , there 's mighty stiff competition for that .
I 'm sure we 'll have the biggest tank ( $s and % ) in the Pacific Northwest .
Definitely the biggest $ drop in Canada .
Maybe the biggest % drop in Canada , but Edmonton / Calgary will be tough to beat .
For overall % drop there 's no way Van could beat San Bernardino or Stockton CA .
They 'll be in the 50 - 75 % range , we 'll be lucky to hit 50 % in sales price #s .
I suppose it 's conceivable , though , that the city of Van could have the biggest $ drop in SFHs anywhere in North America …
Average SFH from $ 750 ( or wherever it peaked in May ) to $ 400 , that 's a $ 350 K drop , tough to beat .
But London will probably beat our pants off in % and $ . "
- Whybuywhenucanrent ?
" Easy to beat .
Edmonton / Calgary never got nearly as expensive as Vancouver , they have higher incomes , and have an economy that produces something the world needs ( oil ) as opposed to one based on [ real estate ] , tourism , and drugs .
No contest . "
- patriotz
" It really is amazing how everyone is so happy to see 20,000 .
I must admit it is mind blowing .
But , this is gonna have to affect us all .
We all know what is going on in the US and how their entire financial system is blowing up .
Foreclosures are rampant .
Banks are failing .
Employment is awful .
This is all having a major impact on us in Canada .
And now our own real estate meltdown .
Our own concerns about banking failures .
And employment opportunities are n't that great , especially in this small city .
And it 's gonna get a lot worse .
" US foreclosures up 121 % in q2 , this market is in big trouble as the worst of the mortgage crisis has n't hit .
I do n't see a bottom in this market for 3 - 5 years , people have no idea how cheap housing is going to get . "
- Anonymous
" Walking away from deposits on pre sales will become a common theme if things keep going the way they are .
That does n't surprise me :)
" I , personally , do not hope to see things become as horrible as they are projected here but I can entertain the idea that it may …
My prediction is a two year downward trend back to 2004 prices at the bottom and a two year climb from there back up to 2006 / 7 prices . "
- Lurker
" We are looking at 1998 prices .
Prices will drop back to [ what ] it was a decade ago .
Very scary .
It 's not going to be just a 30 % drop . "
- Anonymous
" Just did an open house .
What a waste of time .
No one .
I had to listen to the concierge tell me how no one comes to the open houses anymore … and how last year they were so busy .
He chatted with all the residents coming into the building and laughing how everyone needs to sell because prices are falling .
He went on about how many of his friends and family sold their houses and moved back to China .
And how a few remaining friends can't sell their Westside houses .
" How possible do you guys think it is that we shave 80 % off current values ?
I 'm talking pre 1990 prices . "
- Jeff
" I 'm predicting a 50 % drop in Van area RE by from April 2008 to April 2012 …
Low end properties in LA are already down 37 % ( and only halfway through the expected foreclosure cycle ) .
" Based on other NA markets that are well into the tumble , 40 % in 20 months is about par .
It 's a pretty conservative guess , really .
Maybe it will take 30 months , but 40 % on par with other cities .
" After all , why would n't Van 's markets tank 40 % if every other bubbly city but San Francisco tanks 40 % ? "
- Whybuywhenucanrent ?
“ I would tend to agree that 40 - 60 % is most likely given our rational thinking … after all , that is where prices make sense to us today . "
- Jeff
What do you think the current state of the market is ?
Where do you think it 's going ?
Do you agree with any of the bloggers or their commenters ?
Why not write your thoughts and predictions below .
Related
Tyee stories :
Take a good , long look at YouTube 's ( GOOG ) homepage .
You may not recognize it soon :
The video site is trying out new ad format that will turn over a good chunk of the page to sponsors .
The move is an obvious step that Google has n't taken yet as it tries to wring money out of its hugely popular site .
Messing around with pre-roll ads , overlays and other ways to insert advertising into the video is one thing .
But simply handing over more of the homepage -- its most valuable real estate -- is a relatively easy way to generate dollars .
Advertising sources say YouTube is revamping the homepage to accommodate a huge new banner ad that will span the entire width of the page .
The ad will is roughly the same height as the current video ad unit on the upper right of the page , and designed to accommodate high - definition video , similar to the campaign Sony Pictures ran on YouTube to market " Pineapple Express . "
Sources who have seen the unit describe it having multiple tabs that activate when rolled over by a cursor .
YouTube is shopping the unit to entertainment - industry advertisers , the ones that have most embraced the video site as a marketing tool .
They 're offering inaugural sponsors a deal to buy the new unit for roughly the same price as the old , or about $ 200,000 a day .
The first is coming within the next two weeks , and advertisers expect YouTube to start bumping the rates up this fall .
Google has been criticized for leaving money on the table by keeping its search page free of advertising .
Likewise , the YouTube homepage has until now had pretty minimal advertising , just the window in the upper right corner of the site .
But it should be the easiest part of the site to sell , since YouTube has plenty of control of what appears there .
Industry observers think that News .
Corp .'s MySpace is getting more than a $ 1 million for takeover ads on its homepage .
One big difference : Unlike MySpace , many YouTube users never end up on the site 's home page .
Asked for comment , YouTube offered the pro forma " We do not comment on rumors and speculation , " response .
See Also :
Google CEO Schmidt : Nope , Still Have n't Figured Out YouTube .
And We Still Wo n't Sell Ads On Our Homepage
YouTube Exec : We 're Selling Ads Against ' Less Than 3 % ' Of Our Videos
Tough Job : YouTube Hires New " Head Of Monetization "
YouTube Dangling New Ad Strategy To Lure Hollywood .
Can It Deliver ?
US election debate : Joe Biden called Donald Trump a racist and a liar - and he was by far the politest candidate
So let ’s say you ’re a green business owner .
Or an environmental non-profit .
Or a green blogger .
No matter what you do , on a basic level , you want more people to know about what you do .
Advertising can work .
An online presence in social media / network outlets can work .
But what if you want people to hear your voice – your real voice , on the radio ?
Sure , you can contact radio stations and podcast creators and make a case for being invited on .
But for the most part , it ’s on their terms .
But what if you could just go and make an appointment to be on a show , shape the content , and be interviewed by someone who gets it , is interested in what you ’re up to , and will engage you in a conversation rather then just be a dry question asker ?
You can .
Green Talk Radio is a production of the people at Green Living Ideas , a site that covers a wide range of subjects , recent articles including “ Simple Recordkeeping for Telecommuters ” and “ The Best Bedding for Baby ”
Also on there is their frequent Green Talk Radio shows , of which I recently got a chance to be a guest on there for the Green Blogger series .
Sean Daily , the show ’s host , made me totally comfortable and we had a lot of fun talking , covering everything from my death defying journey to being a champion for all things green ( no joke ! ) to how to fight green fatigue and Frito Lay ’s amazing transformation of their factory .
And ok , I ’ll admit it , it was an ego stroke to hear my blogger / consultant bio mentioned at the beginning and end of the show , plus before and after the commercial breaks .
A useful touch for maximizing the marketing benefits of being on there .
Sean and the rest of the people at Green Living Ideas work hard to make sure the shows are high visibility , available on iTunes for download , at a high level in the listings .
They use social media tools like Twitter and Stumble Upon to get it in front of interested eyes and ears .
So , what would you like to talk about ?
Your latest product ?
Your thinking about energy policy ?
The amazing things your non profit is doing to help your community ?
While you ’re thinking about that , go here to learn more .
Readers :
What other interesting , unique , high impact ways do you know about to build awareness of what you ’re up to out there ?
Further reading on Green Marketing :
Free Range Studios Offers Free Marketing for Worthy Causes : Ecopreneurist
Social Network and Online Marketing for the Ecopreneur : Ecopreneurist
Is Marketing the Answer ? : Ecopreneurist
: : : : : : : : : :
26 Peace activists of the 42 that demonstrated and were arrested at the Port of Olympia protesting Iraq war shipments – the Thurston County prosecutors have decided to file misdemeanor charges at the last possible moment .
We all know how dangerous anti-war protesters are , so the county prosecutors are going to charge them with disorderly conduct .
What a sham ..
Each of the 26 was charged Friday with one count of attempted disorderly conduct and one count of obstructing a law enforcement officer .
Most of those charged were women .
For one week in November , protesters blocked shipments of Stryker vehicles and other military cargo from the Port of Olympia to Fort Lewis .
The military equipment was used in the Iraq war .
Larry Hildes , a lawyer , said he was angry the charges were filed so close to the one - year statute of limitations running out .
Hildes said some of the women who were arrested Nov. 13 were forced to disrobe in plain view of policemen at the Olympia City Jail .
Here is the link to the picture of how 3 policemen treated one protester .
Two policemen were spraying him in the face while he was on the ground , trying to protect his face and the third one pointing a gun at him .
As you will see , it was completely unnecessary .
This picture speaks a thousand words .
None of them good .
Associated Press
October 13 , 2008
WASHINGTON ( AP ) —
In caustic comments on internal FBI memos , legendary bureau director J. Edgar Hoover referred to prominent columnist Jack Anderson with undisguised contempt , calling him “ a jackal ” as agents combed his articles for errors and hints about possible sources .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
“ This fellow Anderson and his ilk have minds that are lower than the regurgitated filth of vultures , ” Hoover typed on a memo dated April 30 , 1951 , one of hundreds from FBI files on Anderson .
Anderson was a Hoover critic , writing for example that the aging director running the bureau well into his 80s should have resigned a decade before .
Other journalists suggested the same , but Anderson delivered that and a long career ’s worth of critical assessments of the bureau in a blunt style that enraged FBI officials .
Documents released under the Freedom of Information
Act almost three years after Anderson ’s death include copies of his columns with critical notes in the margins , summaries of his movements while under surveillance , and FBI memos detailing efforts to find his sources who leaked information from deep inside government agencies .
Read article
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
The key is to find an objective divorce financial expert who is also a licensed financial and investment professional and has a solid understanding of financial considerations in a divorce .
This can make all the difference when protecting your investments in the face of divorce .
Here are the rights and responsibilities of investment advisor during divorce .
It is not a coincidence that just as we are hitting peak oil , world monetary systems seem to be edging toward collapse .
Monetary systems are debt based , and depend on growth to continue .
Resources are finite , and we are reaching limitations on them .
Many of us have predicted that monetary systems may collapse , either as we approach peak oil , or shortly after peak oil .
I have talked about the connection between peak oil and monetary system collapse in a number of posts .
In this post , I reprint relevant sections from one of my earliest TOD posts , written in April 2007 .
Back on April 30 , 2007 , Prof .
Goose posted an article I had written called Our World Is Finite : Is This a Problem ? as a guest post .
In that article , I talked about the fact that we are reaching limitations on resources of many kinds , and that whenever we try to overcome one kind of resource limitation with a substitute , such as corn ethanol for gasoline , we run into other resource limitations .
This is a where I saw things going , back in that early post .
By the way , I do not claim originality in predicting the connection between peak oil and collapse of the monetary system .
Collin Campbell also predicted such a collapse as early as 2006 .
This video by Collin Campbell is from October 2007 .
This is the section from my April 2007 post dealing with monetary collapse , and also the conclusion section from the same post :
What if we do n't find technological solutions ?
We can't know for sure what will happen , but these are some hypotheses :
1. Initially , higher prices for energy and food items and a major recession .
If the supply of oil lags behind demand , we can expect rising prices for oil and gasoline and possibly other types of energy .
Prices for food may also rise , because oil is used in the production and transportation of food .
Recession is likely to follow , because people will cut down on their purchases of discretionary items , so as to be able to afford the necessities .
Layoffs will follow .
People laid off will find it difficult to pay mortgages and other debt , so banks and other creditors will find themselves in increasing financial difficulty .
2. Longer term , a decline in economic activity .
With fewer resources , economic activity is likely to decline .
We will need to find replacements for many products in a relatively short time frame — heating fuel , transportation fuel , plastics , synthetic fabrics , fertilizer ( currently made from natural gas ) , and asphalt , among other things .
Living standards are likely to drop , because we do n’t have infinite resources for replacing all the things that are declining in availability .
A graphic representation of how this might happen is shown in Figure 3 .
Real gross domestic product ( GDP ) gives a measure of how much goods and services the United States is producing in a year , in constant ( year 2000 ) dollars .
The " Fitted " line in Figure 3 shows the expected growth in real GDP , if growth continues as in the past .
Scenarios 1 and 2 show two examples of how limitations on oil and natural gas might impact future real GDP .
Scenario 1 shows a fairly rapid decline , starting very soon .
Scenario 2 shows a slower decline , starting in 2020 .
If the downturn is still several years away , we have longer to plan , and a better chance that the decline will be more gradual .
3. Transportation difficulties and electrical outages .
Since transportation generally uses petroleum products for fuel , a reduction in the amount of oil available is likely to cause transportation difficulties .
These difficulties may extend to all forms of transportation -- automobile , trucks , airplanes , boats , and railroads , to the extent that fuel is unavailable due to shortages , cost , or rationing .
If natural gas supplies decline , electrical outages are likely , especially during high - use times of the year .
Electrical outages may also result from interruption of transportation of other fuel , such as coal , to power plants , because of petrolum shortages .
Outages may be one time events , or may be planned outages at certain times of the day , to compensate for an inadeqacy in the fuel supply .
4. Possible collapse of the monetary system .
This is perhaps the biggest single issue , and the most difficult to understand .
There is a huge amount of debt in the world today .
When loans were made , the expectation of the lenders was that the economy would continue to grow as in the past -- that is like the " Fitted " line in Figure 3 above .
If this continued growth occurred , people , on average , would be a little better off financially when the time came to pay off their loans than they were when the loans were taken out , so they would have a reasonable chance of paying off the loans with interest .
Corporations would continue to grow , and because of this continued growth , most would be able to pay off their debt with interest .
What happens if a scenario like that shown as Scenario 1 or Scenario 2 on Figure 3 occurs ?
When it comes time to repay the loans , people and corporations will be on average , worse off , rather than better off , than when they took them out .
It is likely that many people will be unemployed , and cannot pay back their debt .
Companies manufacturing goods that are no longer in demand are likely to be bankrupt , and thus will be unable to repay their debt .
Organizations holding this debt , such as banks , insurance companies , and pension funds will find themselves in financial difficulty , because of the many defaults on the loans that are the assets of these organizations .
Two possible outcomes of widespread defaults come to mind .
One is that there is so much debt that cannot be repaid that banks , insurance companies , and in fact the whole monetary system fails .
The other alternative is that the government guarantees all the debt , so that the institutions do not fail .
The latter approach would likely lead to hyper-inflation .
In either event , people and businesses would lose their savings , because money either wouid either be no longer available ( first approach ) , or would be worth very little due to inflation ( second approach ) .
In either event , foreign countries would be unlikely to accept our currency in trade .
Simple transactions , such as purchasing food or paying an employee , would become very difficult .
Eventually , some approach would likely be found to circumvent these difficulties -- perhaps a more barter - based approach -- but this would be a huge change from our current system .
5. Failure of economic assumptions to hold .
We have been raised in a world where supply and demand are generally in balance .
An increase in demand results in a greater price , which in turn leads to a greater supply .
If the particular item is n’t available , substitution is generally available .
Once we reach geological limits , these basic principles seem much less likely to hold .
An increase in energy demand is n't likely to translate into greater supply .
Distribution of the limited available supply seems likely to reflect considerations other than price , such as rationing and long - term alliances .
There may also be military conflict over available supplies .
6. Changed emphasis to more local production .
Two factors are likely to encourage local production and discourage international trade .
One is the higher cost and / or unavailability of fuels used for transportation .
The other is difficulty with the monetary system -- either hyper-inflation or complete failure of the system .
If there are monetary system problems , other countries are likely to want actual goods in trade , rather than IOUs or money .
This requirement is likely to greatly reduce the amount of trade with foreign countries .
Food production is likely to be more localized , since this insures a continuous supply , and reduces the amount of fuel needed for transportation .
If there are problems with shortages , people may choose to have gardens , so as to grow a few of the foods they need themselves .
7. Reduced emphasis on debt .
Once it is clear that future production is likely to be less than current production , as in either Scenario 1 or Scenario 2 of Figure 3 , it will be very difficult to find any lender willing to provide long term loans , since if the loan is paid back at all , it is likely to be paid back in money that is worth very much less than it was at the time the loan was taken out .
If governments still have debt at this point , they will find it difficult to sell new bonds to replace the ones that mature .
Businesses desiring to build new plants may find it necessary to accumulate resources for new plants in advance of their construction .
Mortgages may not be available for prospective home owners , either .
8. Reduced emphasis on insurance and pensions .
If there are difficulties with the monetary system , insurance companies and pension plans will be among the hardest hit , since thy take in funds and invest them , and pay benefits later .
It is possible that a limited form of Social Security coverage may continue , but this is by no means certain .
If a high level of inflation occurs ( see point 4 above ) , benefits that have been promised to date will be worth very little .
If a new monetary system is in place , it will be up to the government at that time to determine the level of benefits .
Because total goods and services will be lower in the future ( Figure 3 above ) , benefits to retirees will almost certainly be lower as well .
9 . More people will perform manual labor .
As the amount of oil and natural gas becomes less available , more work will need to be done by hand , since the fuels to run machines will be less available .
In order to encourage people to take jobs involving manual labor , manual labor will pay better in relationship to desk jobs .
Because food is such ain important commodity , farming may be particularly highly valued , and may pay especially well .
10 . Resource wars and migration conflicts .
If there is is an inadequate amount of a resource ( water , oil , natural gas , or food ) , countries may fight over the limited supplies that are available .
Conflicts are likely to spring up regarding areas where resources are plentiful .
Alternatively , people may choose to migrate from an area if resources become less abundant -- for example , migration may occur if water supplies dry up , or if land is flooded due to global warming , or if declining oil supplies limit transportation .
Receiving areas may not welcome the newcomers , leading to more conflict .
11 . Changes in family relationships .
Families are likely to see more of each other , because of reduced transportation availability .
Families may work more closely together , tending gardens and running small family businesses .
Co-operation may be more highly valued by society .
Divorce rates may decline .
12 . Eventual population decline .
The food supply produced in the world today is many times greater than the food supply 100 years ago , before oil and natural gas were used in tilling crops , pumping water for irrigation , making fertilizer and pesticides , and transporting food to market .
As oil and natural gas become less available , the food supply is likely to decline .
Eventually , world population is also likely to decline , reflecting the lower food supply .
Conclusion
We cannot know exactly what the future will hold , if technology is not able to overcome the many issues associated with a finite world , including declining oil and natural gas supply , decreasing fresh water supply , and climate change .
Whatever changes occur are likely to differ from location to location , as the world activity becomes more localized .
We tend to think of governments as fairly stable , but these too may change .
Countries may subdivide into smaller units .
Some have even suggested that groups of states may break away from the United States .
Educational institutions will most likely change .
Fewer students will probably attend colleges and universities , and the subjects of interest will likely change .
The sciences and agriculture or permaculture are likely to be topics of interest .
More students may want to live on campus , if transportation is a problem .
Adult education may become more important , as people seek to develop skills for a changing world .
Businesses will also change .
Local businesses will become more important , while multinational companies recede in importance .
Manufacturing will become less important , and recycling will become more important .
Providing necessities will get top priority , while nice - to - have items will not sell well .
Barter , or a new monetary system that substitutes for barter , may be the way business is done .
People may choose to live closer to work , or may work at home , so as to minimize costs associated with commuting .
Some people may choose to live with relatives or friends , so as to save on utility costs .
Eventually , many homes in undesirable locations may be left empty , and the parts of these unoccupied homes that can be used elsewhere will be recycled .
The next 50 years will certainly be interesting ones .
Perhaps , with technological advances , some of the potential problems can be avoided .
But we will need to work hard , starting now , to develop ways to work around the problems which seem to be ahead .
A few years back I read an enlightening article on Red Bull detailing how a series of brilliant steps turned a cough syrup soda into a world - leading energy drink .
At the time , their factory employees generated $ 1 million apiece — a figure that almost makes sense when weighing the cost of mandatory personnel alone .
Now Nintendo does one way better .
All of their 3,000 employees will combine this year to produce a cumulative $ 1.6 million per head — after salaries .
( Ironically , Nintendo's figure does n't include factory employees since they outsource production . )
Nintendo's earnings are better than the 2007 reports from Goldman Sachs ( $ 1.24 million per head , pre salaries ) and Google ( $ 628,000 per head ) .
And if anything , Nintendo claims their numbers are an underestimate since many of their employee salaries are written off as R&D .
They 'd also like you to pick up a Wii if you still have not .
[ FT via DevelopMag and image ]
Advertisement
HP has announced that their EnergyStar Pavilion dv6929 laptop will be packaged in recycled - content messenger bags instead of the traditional cardboard boxes .
As a result , they ’ve won Wal - Mart ’s Home Entertainment Design Challenge , a contest open to all suppliers of consumer electronics products that focused on good design and innovative packaging design that facilitates reducing , reusing , and recycling .
HP claims that by using their method of packaging , they ’ve reduced standard laptop packaging waste by 97 % , eliminating most cardboard and styrofoam traditionally utilized .
The bag itself is constructed of 100 % recycled materials .
This method of packaging also allows HP to ship four laptops per standard sized shipping box as opposed to three when using traditional laptop packaging .
This might not sound like a lot , until you think of it this way : more efficient shipping means one out of four trucks hauling this product can be eliminated , saving emissions and fuel usage .
The laptop comes with a voucher to recycle whatever laptop one ’s new purchase is replacing , as well .
The bad news is that this version of the laptop will exclusively be sold at Wal - Mart and Sam ’s Club , two stores that despite recent advances in sustainability , are still boycotted by many in the environmental world .
There ’s also grumblings that the packaging is still wasted if you do n’t use the stylish bag , although I know plenty of resale shops , thrift stores , and online swap sites that would gladly take this bag off one ’s hands if they prefer another .
Related Posts
Got A Great Green Packaging Idea ?
Now May be The Time to Pitch It .
Wal - Mart Tracks Green Product Adoption
Wal - Mart ’s “ Company of the Future ” : Supply Chain
Eco -Libris : Wal - Mart Joins WWF ’s Initiative to Eliminate Illegal Logging
Is it Crunch Time for Wal - Mart ’s Sustainability Iniatives ?
As elsewhere across the world , it has become clear that the boom is ending .
Since the end of the Olympics and Paralympics last month , the slow - down has turned to bust .
Many of the city 's hugely ambitious developers have found themselves burdened with a glut of new apartments .
Welcome to Mekwars.org !
The MekWars 3025 Campaign ( aka MegaMekNET ) is an online game that allows people to arrange and play MegaMek ( based on the Classic BattleTech boardgame ) in a fully - featured , persistent campaign context .
Play as a Commander in a Great House , a Periphery raider or a Mercenary , taking part in an epic futuristic war for supremacy of the known galaxy .
Fight for your faction , defend Davion 's ideals or Kurita 's honor .
Win battles involving hundreds of tons of war machines , tanks , and infantry .
Test your mettle against human opponents in desert , boggy , arctic and urban battlefields
Give it a try , it 's free game and libre software .
Get the game
Download Mekwars
3025 campaign client
Regardless of your operating system , you will need a Java virtual machine ( JVM ) .
This feature is provided by Java Runtime Environment ( JRE ) .
Please visit the Java homepage to learn more and to download a JRE .
Spread the word !
Features
The MegaMekNET server hosts a full scale campaign involving 7 factions , 2000 + planets , 40 varied terrains , hundreds of players and thousands of units .
The game universe is set during Classic BattleTech 's Inner Sphere Succession Wars of 3025 , a futuristic galaxy - wide conflict primarily involving high - tech bipedal war machines .
Several factions are represented , such as the Federated Suns , Draconis Combine , Lyran Commonwealth and more ...
This server hosts a traditional Battletech campaign with a narrow range of weapons and options , collectively called " Level 1 tech " or " L1 " .
Mekwars 3025 campaign is perhaps the best place to start playing online Classic BattleTech because of its relative simplicity and larger player base .
Personal assets
Team play
Economy and game balance
Another game experience
Thematic and unique maps
Combined arms
Documentation
Part of a free software project , Mekwars is in constant evolution .
In order to help new players , Mekwars.org provides a Wiki - based documentation centre that describes the campaign settings , MekWars and MegaMek interfaces .
This wiki aims to be a comprehensive and user friendly documentation source for 3025 campaign players but also MekWars / MegaMek users .
Jump to Wiki documentation
Hosted features
Disambiguation
The Classic BattleTech free software family consists of several projects and packages , which can be confusing for new visitors .
Mekwars.org is NOT the homepage for the opensource MegaMek project .
However , Mekwars.org DOES house MekWars and MegaMek project forums .
As the most long - established MekWars instance , MekWars 3025 Campaign maintains a close relationship with the MegaMek and MekWars developers .
MekWars
MekWars is the strategic campaign server project hosted by SourceForge ( project page ) .
In order to simplify dialog between Mekwars end -users , server operators , and developers , Mekwars.org hosts the following forums :
General discussions
Server operator support ( protected forum )
End -User support / bug report
Feature request / suggestions
Jump to the MekWars forums
MegaMek
MegaMek is the tactical game engine project , and is also hosted by SourceForge ( project page , website ) .
Mekwars.org hosts the following forums :
General discussions
End -User support / bug report
Feature request / suggestions
Jump to MegaMek forums
- video encodings still in process -
Apparently , he 's been hallucinating his whole life .
Claim : Photographs show Rupert , a deer delivered by Caesarean section .
Status : True .
Examples : [ Collected via e-mail , September 2008 ]
This tiny deer was delivered by Caesarean section at a wildlife hospital after his mother was killed by a car .
Little Rupert , who is so small he can fit in an adult ’s hand , was born after vets failed in their battle to save his mother .
This tiny deer was delivered by Caesarean section at a wildlife hospital after his mother was killed by a car .
Little Rupert , who is so small he can fit in an adult ’s hand , was born after vets failed in their battle to save his mother .
At just six inches tall and weighing just over a pound , he is now in an incubator in the intensive care unit at Tiggywinkles Wildlife Hospital in Buckinghamshire .
He has only recently opened his eyes .
Les Stocker , founder of Tiggywinkles , said : Rupert ’s mother had very severe injuries .
We brought him out and got him breathing and then he went into an incubator on oxygen .
He is now being fed by a tube .
Origins :
In September 2008 , a muntjac deer that had been hit by an automobile was brought to the Tiggywinkles wildlife hospital in Haddenham , Aylesbury , Buckinghamshire ( UK ) .
The injured deer turned out to be a pregnant female , and although the hospital staff were unable to save her , they successfully delivered her fawn by Caesarean section .
Rupert , as the tiny deer was christened , was just six inches tall and weighed barely a pound at delivery ; he was placed in an oxygen - providing incubator and fed via a tube .
Unfortunately , the hospital staff were unable to sustain little Rupert ’s life , and he passed away a few days later :
At just over a pound in weight he was kept in a life supporting incubator in intensive care and was thought to be two or three weeks premature .
He had all the symptoms of a premature human baby .
His lungs were not inflating properly and problems emerged after he was not able to ingest his mothers milk ( colostrum ) .
At just over a pound in weight he was kept in a life supporting incubator in intensive care and was thought to be two or three weeks premature .
He had all the symptoms of a premature human baby .
His lungs were not inflating properly and problems emerged after he was not able to ingest his mothers milk ( colostrum ) .
Staff tried to give him the milk of a lamb but unfortunately he did not digest that properly because he needed his mother ’s bacteria .
Staff knew that he had an unpredictable chance of survival but held onto hope as they tried this method of keeping him alive .
It is only their second baby deer at the centre which they have had to deliver by caesarean and so everything was under trial and error .
Last updated : 22 October 2008
Sources :
Devlin , Parveen .
“ Haddenham ’s St Tiggywinkles Fighting to Save Rupert . ”
The Bucks Herald . 30 Septembe 2008 .
Devlin , Parveen .
“ Sadness as Rupert the Baby Deer Dies . ”
The Bucks Herald .
2 October 2008 .
Nelson , Sara .
“ Introducing Deer Little Rupert . ”
The Sun. 30 September 2008 .
Evening Standard .
“ Deer Rupert Is Growing Into Quite a Handful . ”
Leonardo DiCaprio , Tom Cruise In Star - Studded " Go Vote " Sequel Video
Like us on Facebook :
The current article you are reading does not reflect the views of the current editors and contributors of the new Ecorazzi
As a follow - up sequel to their fantastic “ Do n’t Vote ” video earlier this month , the organization Declare Yourself has just released a new star - studded PSA .
Celebrities participating in this one include Tom Cruise , Cameron Diaz , Leonardo DiCaprio , Snoop Dogg , Harrison Ford , Julia Roberts , Ben Stiller , Will Smith , Steven Spielberg , Justin Timberlake , Sacha Baron Cohen as “ Borat , ” Zach Braff , Colin Farrell , Neil Patrick Harris , Scarlett Johansson , Shia LeBeouf , Tobey Maguire , Ryan Reynolds , and Jason Segal .
Impressive .
Check it out below — and do n’t forge to make some time for next Tuesday , November 4th to vote !
10 Practical uses for the Depth of Field Preview Button Text and photography copyright © Rod Barbee .
All rights reserved .
Editor 's note -
This article first appeared in the Sept. 2001 issue of Outdoor Photographer magazine .
One of the most overlooked tools at the photographer ’s disposal is the depth of field preview button .
I ’ve been teaching photography for a number of years and what I usually hear is something like this : “ This button just makes everything darker , it ’s useless . ”
I ’ve heard this many times from beginning as well as experienced photographers .
The first part of what they say is true but the second is n’t ; they ’ve yet to discover the many uses of the depth of field preview button .
Not all cameras have one and if you ’re new to photography , you may not even know what it is .
When you look through your camera , what you see is n’t necessarily what you ’ll get .
As you probably know , as you look through the viewfinder of an SLR camera , you ’re looking through the lens at its widest aperture setting , which may or may not be the aperture chosen for your picture .
By pushing the preview button , the lens closes down to the shooting aperture .
This way the photographer can view the depth of field of the final image .
However , when the aperture closes down , less light comes through the lens and the viewfinder can get very dark .
This makes details hard to see , especially if a small aperture opening is used .
This is also where many photographers give up on using the DOF preview button .
As you ’ll see , you do n’t always have to use the DOF preview button at f / 22 nor do you always need to see every detail .
Beyond making “ everything darker ” , the DOF preview button has several practical uses ;
Note - thumbnails are links to larger images with captions .
Detecting hotspots .
When doing close - up and portrait photography , one of the prime concerns is the background .
Bright spots are very distracting but they can go unseen when viewing the image while the lens is wide open .
When you push the preview button , the viewfinder will get dark .
But that ’s OK ; it makes it easier to detect any distracting hot spots that may end up in the final image .
Detecting dark spots .
Just as hot spots can be distracting , dark spots , especially in the foreground of landscape images , can be just as distracting .
To get the maximum depth of field , many landscape photos are made at an aperture of f/16 or f/22 .
When previewing with the lens set to f/22 , the viewfinder will get dark , maybe too dark to tell what ’s really going on .
By previewing at f / 8 or so , the lighter areas stay relatively light , but the darker areas become readily apparent .
You ’ll be able to see where shadow areas in your foreground might be too dark for the film or sensor to record .
You can then decide if fill - flash , a reflector , or perhaps a different composition is appropriate to eliminate these shadow areas .
Detecting unwanted elements ( or “ Intruder alert ” ) .
How many times has your film come back from the lab with some out of focus branch or blade of grass sticking part way into your frame ?
You can stop this from happening by using your preview button before you trip the shutter .
When you preview the depth of field , run your eyes around the edges of the frame and look for intruders trying to poke their way in and ruin your image .
Look for intruders trying to sneak into your backgrounds .
Remember , you may not notice these things while looking through the lens while it ’s wide open because of the shallow depth of field .
Use your DOF preview button and catch these intruders .
Again , the viewfinder will get dark but you ’re not trying to see all the detail in the image , you ’re just looking for intruders .
Sure , you may be able to clone them out later , but it takes less time to remove the intruder while in the field than it does to clone it out in Photoshop .
Finding the best background .
Especially when doing close - up and portrait photography , hold down the preview button while changing the aperture until you get the best combination / compromise for a pleasing background and the focus needed for your subject .
Placing a graduated neutral density filter .
Grad ND filters are essential to successful landscape photography but they need correct placement so that their use is n’t obvious .
Hold down the preview button while moving the filter in front of your lens .
This will make placement easier and more precise .
Optimize the range of focus for your main subject .
Whether photographing wildlife or wildflowers you can use the preview button to see if everything you need to have in focus will be in focus , from the stamens and stigmas on flowers to the nose and eye of an animal .
Visualize underexposure .
By looking at a scene through your viewfinder and setting the lens one or two stops smaller than the widest aperture on your lens , you can use the DOF preview button to get an idea of what an image might look like if you underexpose it a little .
You may want to underexpose to create a different mood and this will help you see what that might look like .
Conversely , you can set your lens to f/ 8 or so and push the button , let your eyes adjust , and then start opening the lens to get an idea of what overexposing a scene might look like .
Detecting lens flare problems .
This is similar to detecting intruders .
When photographing into the sun , especially when the sun is low in the sky , you run the risk of lens flare , which results from direct light bouncing around the elements of your lens .
By previewing the scene , lens flare will become more apparent .
You can then decide if you want to do something to mitigate it , like using a wider aperture , changing composition or shading your lens .
You may find that you like the effect .
You can also preview the “ star burst ” effect that results from using small aperture openings with wide angle lenses while including the sun in the image .
Detecting vignetting from stacking filters and lens hoods .
With wide - angle lenses , there ’s a greater risk of vignetting , or cutting off the corners , while using filters , especially if you stack filters or put your lens hood on the filter .
By previewing and paying special attention to the corners of the frames , you ’ll be able to know ahead of time if there will be a problem .
( Be aware that most viewfinders only show about 90 - 95 % of what will end up on film .
If in doubt , be sure to run tests with all combinations of filters you may wish to use .
Photograph a blank wall or the blank sky and evaluate the resulting images . )
Use the DOF preview button as a compositional aid .
This may just be the most valuable tip of the bunch .
More and more I find myself using the DOF preview button to aid in my compositions .
As a compositional aid , and regardless of what f / stop you use for the final image , set your aperture to f/16 or f/22 .
This makes the dark areas darker and yet the bright areas stay relatively bright .
It also eliminates much of the detail , leaving behind only forms and shapes , light and shadow .
In other words , it reduces everything to graphics .
You can then arrange these graphics in a pleasing manner .
This works especially well when you ’re working with light and shadow or moving water .
It ’s hard to predict what moving water will look like in the final image , especially if you ’re shooting film .
This technique gives you a better idea of how the white areas of moving water will flow through the image , allowing you to arrange lines , curves and other graphic elements .
As far as dealing with a darkened viewfinder , letting your eye adjust is probably the first thing you should try .
There are several techniques to help with this .
First , do n’t start with your lens at its smallest opening ; hold the preview button down and close down your lens gradually .
On newer cameras , this may not be possible .
Second , use an eyecup to help cut out stray light .
Third , throw a jacket or dark cloth over your head like the users of view cameras do .
The depth of field preview button can do much more than just strain your eyes .
Being a photographer who prefers to get the image the best I can while in the field , I find the DOF preview button an essential tool and a must have for any camera body I own .
If your camera has this valuable feature , be sure to use it to its fullest .
Comments on NPN nature photography instructional articles ?
Send them to the editor .
RB - NPN 0933 Rod Barbee is a professional photographer , writer , and instructor .
He is a regular contributor to Outdoor Photographer magazine and has also been published in Nature ’s Best magazine , Audubon and Mead calendars , Northwest Travel and Oregon Coast magazines , Orvis clothing catalog , the National Park Service , and more .
Several of his images appear in the Amphoto book “ American Vision ” .
His first book , The Photographer 's Guide to the Oregon Coast , co-written with with David Middleton , is available nationwide .
Rod has taught nature photography through Bellevue Community College in Washington state , The Mountaineers in Seattle , Olympic College in Bremerton , WA , The Great American Photography Weekend workshops , and Olympic Mountain School of Photography .
He is also a contributing editor to Naturephotographers.net , an online photography magazine .
The natural beauty discovered during backpacking trips into Olympic National Park led him to nature photography .
It has since become a passion in his life from which he continues to learn and grow .
Rod and his wife Tracy Rowley live in Port Ludlow on Washington ’s Olympic peninsula .
Dutch Town Paving Street With Air-Purifying Concrete
August 8th , 2008 by Ariel Schwartz
Now here ’s an innovation that might make me consider moving back to New York City : air - purifying concrete .
The small Dutch town of Hengelo is testing out the concrete paving stones , which contain a titanium - dioxide based additive that binds to nitrogen particles emitted by car exhaust and turns them into harmless nitrates .
If the bricks work , pollutants such as acid rain and smog will be reduced .
The town is determining the effectiveness of the new concrete by paving one half of a road under construction with the “ green ” bricks , and one half with regular bricks .
Air quality measurements will be taken early next year , and results should be available next summer .
While I look forward to successful results with the new technology , I sincerely hope that the green bricks wo n’t be used as an excuse to lower emissions standards .
Air - purifying concrete should be looked at as a way to make air even cleaner than it already is , not as an excuse to let vehicles release more nitrogen oxides .
Photo Credit : PhysOrg
More Posts on Clean Technology :
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
By - October 28 , 2008
Undeniably , a powerful tide is running for the Democratic Party , with one week left to Election Day .
Bush 's approval rating is 27 percent , just above Richard Nixon 's Watergate nadir and almost down to Carter - Truman lows .
After each of those presidents reached their floors -- in 1952 , 1974 , 1980 -- the opposition party captured the White House .
Moreover , 80 percent to 90 percent of Americans think the nation is on the wrong course , and since mid-September , when McCain was still slightly ahead , the Dow has lost 4,000 points -- $ 5 trillion to $ 6 trillion in value .
Leading now by eight points in an average of national polls , Barack Obama has other advantages .
Not a single blue state is regarded as imperiled or even a toss - up , while Obama leads in six crucial red states : Florida , North Carolina , Virginia , Ohio , Missouri and Colorado .
Should McCain lose one of the six , he would have to win Pennsylvania to compensate for the lost electoral votes .
But the latest Pennsylvania polls show Barack with a double - digit lead .
Lately moving into the toss - up category are Nevada , North Dakota , Montana and Indiana .
All voted twice for George W. Bush .
Not only is Obama ahead in the state and national polls , he has more money , is running far more ads , has a superior organization on the ground , attracts larger crowds , and has greater enthusiasm and more media in camp .
And new voter registrations heavily favor the Democrats .
Though Congress is regarded by Americans with a disdain bordering on disgust -- five of six Americans think it has done a poor job -- Democratic majorities are certain to grow .
Indeed , with Democrats favored by 10 points over Republicans , Nancy Pelosi 's majority could grow by 25 seats and Harry Reid could find himself with a filibuster - proof majority of 60 senators .
Democrats already have 49 , plus two independents : Socialist Bernie Sanders and Independent Joe Lieberman .
Their challengers are now ahead in New Hampshire , Virginia , North Carolina , New Mexico , Minnesota , Oregon and Colorado , with a chance of picking up Georgia , Alaska , Kentucky and Mississippi .
We may be looking at a reverse of 1980 , when Reagan won a 10 - point victory over Jimmy Carter , and Republicans took the Senate and , working with Boll Weevil Democrats , effective control of the House .
With his tax cuts , defense buildup and rollback policy against the " Evil Empire , " Reagan gave us some of the best years of our lives , culminating in America 's epochal victory in the Cold War .
What does the triumvirate of Obama - Pelosi - Reid offer ?
Rep. Barney Frank is calling for new tax hikes on the most successful and a 25 percent across - the - board slash in national defense .
Sen .
John Kerry is talking up new and massive federal spending , a la FDR 's New Deal .
Specifically , we can almost surely expect :
-- Swift amnesty for 12 million to 20 million illegal aliens and a drive to make them citizens and register them , as in the Bill Clinton years .
This will mean that Nevada , Colorado , New Mexico and Arizona will soon move out of reach for GOP presidential candidates , as has California .
-- Border security will go on the backburner , and America will have a virtual open border with a Mexico of 110 million .
-- Taxes will be raised on the top 5 percent of wage - earners , who now carry 60 percent of the U.S. income tax burden , and tens of millions of checks will be sent out to the 40 percent of wage - earners who pay no federal income tax .
Like the man said , redistribute the wealth , spread it around .
-- Social Security taxes will be raised on the most successful among us , and capital gains taxes will be raised from 15 percent to 20 percent .
The Bush tax cuts will be repealed , and death taxes reimposed .
-- Two or three more liberal activists of the Ruth Bader Ginsberg - John Paul Stevens stripe will be named to the Supreme Court .
U.S. district and appellate courts will be stacked with " progressives . "
-- Special protections for homosexuals will be written into all civil rights laws , and gays and lesbians in the military will be invited to come out of the closet .
" Do n't ask , do n't tell " will be dead .
--
The homosexual marriages that state judges have forced California , Massachusetts and Connecticut to recognize , an Obama Congress or Obama court will require all 50 states to recognize .
-- A " Freedom of Choice Act " nullifying all state restrictions on abortions will be enacted .
America will become the most pro-abortion nation on earth .
-- Affirmative action -- hiring and promotions based on race , sex and sexual orientation until specified quotas are reached -- will be rigorously enforced throughout the U.S. government and private sector .
-- Universal health insurance will be enacted , covering legal and illegal immigrants , providing another powerful magnet for the world to come to America , if necessary by breaching her borders .
-- A federal bailout of states and municipalities to keep state and local governments spending up could come in December or early next year .
--
The first trillion - dollar deficit will be run in the first year of an Obama presidency .
It will be the first of many .
Welcome to Obamaland !
In a previous post , I commented on the paranoia that is rotting the McCain campaign from the inside .
I see that George Packer ( via Andrew Sullivan ) also points out the distinctly paranoid atmosphere on the political right .
It reminds Packer of his experience in Baghdad :
Wading for a few minutes through the sewage of these Web sites reminds me uncannily of the time I ’ve spent having political discussions in certain living rooms and coffee shops in Baghdad .
The mental atmosphere is exactly the same — the wild fantasies presented as obvious truth , the patterns seen by those few with the courage and wisdom to see , the amused pity for anyone weak - minded enough to be skeptical , the logic that turns counter - evidence into evidence and every random piece of information into a worldwide conspiracy .
Above all , the seething resentment , the mix of arrogance and impotent rage that burns at the heart of the paranoid style in politics .
This , in particular , caught my attention :
The problem is n’t lack of education — it ’s that of a self - isolating political subculture gone rancid .
I heard an Iraqi engineer claim that American soldiers allowed Kuwaitis to steal hundreds of Iraqi cars as revenge for the first Gulf War .
I heard a Shiite cleric argue that the Kerry campaign was behind suicide bombings .
Bloggers like Andrew McCarthy , a former federal prosecutor who peddled the Ayers theory , and Ann Althouse , a law professor who pushed the plastic - device story , hold diametrically opposed views to those of Islamists and Arab nationalists .
But their habits of mind are just the same .
I really like Gmail , but I also like having backups of my data just in case .
Here ’s how to use a simple program called getmail on Unix to backup your Gmail or Google Apps email .
We ’ll break this into four steps .
Step 0 : Why getmail ?
If you browse around on the web , you ’ll find several options to help you download and backup your email .
Here are a few :
Step 1 : Install getmail
On Ubuntu 7.10 ( Gutsy Gibbon ) , you would type
sudo apt - get install getmail4
at a terminal window .
Hey , that was n’t so bad , right ?
If you use a different flavor of Linux , you can download getmail and install it with a few commands like this :
cd /tmp
[ Note : wget the tarball download link found at http://pyropus.ca/software/getmail/#download ]
tar xzvf getmail *.tar.gz
cd ( the directory that was created )
sudo python setup.py install
Step 2 : Configure Gmail and getmail
First , turn on POP in your Gmail account .
Because you want a copy of all your mail , I recommend that you choose the “ Enable POP for all mail ” option .
On the “ When messages are accessed with POP ” option , I would choose “ Keep Gmail ’s copy in the Inbox ” so that Gmail still keeps your email after you back up your email .
For this example , let ’s assume that your username is bob@gmail.com and your password is bobpassword .
Let ’s also assume that you want to back up your email into a directory called gmail - archive and that your home directory is located at / home / bob / .
I have to describe a little about how mail is stored in Unix .
There are a couple well - known methods to store email : mbox and Maildir .
When mail is stored in mbox format , all your mail is concatenated together in one huge file .
In the Maildir format , each email is stored in a separate file .
Needless to say , each method has different strengths and weaknesses .
For the time being , let ’s assume that you want your email in one big file ( the mbox format ) and work through an example .
Example with mbox format
– Make a directory called “ .getmail ” in your home directory with the command “ mkdir ~/.getmail ” .
This directory will store your configuration data and the debugging logs that getmail generates .
– Make a directory called gmail - archive with the command “ mkdir ~/gmail - archive ” .
This directory will store your email .
– Make a file ~/.getmail/getmail.gmail and put the following text in it :
[ retriever ]
type = SimplePOP3SSLRetriever
server = pop.gmail.com
username = bob@gmail.com
password = bobpassword [ destination ]
type = Mboxrd
path = ~/gmail-archive/gmail-backup.mbox [ options ]
# print messages about each action ( verbose = 2 )
# Other options :
# 0 prints only warnings and errors
# 1 prints messages about retrieving and deleting messages only
verbose = 2
message_log = ~/.getmail/gmail.log
– Added : Run the command “ touch ~/gmail-archive/gmail-backup.mbox ” .
If you change the path in the file above , touch whatever filename you used .
This command creates an empty file that getmail can then append to .
The file format should be pretty self - explanatory .
You ’re telling getmail to fetch your email from pop.gmail.com via a POP3 connection over SSL ( which prevents people from seeing your email as it passes between Gmail and your computer ) .
The [ destination ] section tells where to save your email , and in what format .
The “ Mboxrd ” is a flavor of the mbox format — read this page on mbox formats if you ’re really interested .
Finally , we set options so that getmail generates a verbose log file that will help in case there are any snags .
Example with Maildir format
Suppose you prefer Maildir instead ?
You ’d still run “ mkdir ~/.getmail ” and “ mkdir ~/gmail - archive ” .
But the Maildir format uses three directories ( tmp , new , and cur ) .
We need to make those directories , so type “ mkdir ~/gmail-archive/tmp ~/gmail-archive/new ~/gmail - archive / cur ” as well .
In addition , change the [ destination ] section to say
[ destination ]
type = Maildir
path = ~ / gmail - archive /
Otherwise your configuration file is the same .
Step 3 : Run getmail
The good news is that step 2 was the hard part .
Run getmail with a command like “ getmail - r /home/bob/.getmail/getmail.gmail ” ( use the path to the config file that you made in Step 2 ) .
With any luck , you ’ll see something like
getmail version 4.6.5
Copyright ( C ) 1998 - 2006 Charles Cazabon .
Licensed under the GNU GPL version 2 .
SimplePOP3SSLRetriever:bob@gmail.com @pop.gmail.com:995 :
msg 1/99 ( 7619 bytes ) from < info@example.com > delivered to Mboxrd / home / bob/ gmail - archive /gmail- backup.mbox
msg 2/99 ( 6634 bytes ) from < sales@example.com > delivered to Mboxrd / home / bob/ gmail - archive /gmail- backup.mbox
…
99 messages retrieved , 0 skipped
Summary :
Retrieved 99 messages from SimplePOP3SSLRetriever:bob@gmail.com @pop.gmail.com:995
Hooray !
It works !
But wait —
I have over 99 messages , you say .
Why did it only download 99 messages ?
The short answer is that Gmail will only let you down a few hundred emails at a time .
You can repeat the command ( let getmail finish each time before you run it again ) until all of your email is downloaded .
Step 4 : Download new email automatically
A backup is a snapshot of your email at one point in time , but it ’s even better if you download and save new email automatically .
( This step will also come in handy if you have a ton of Gmail and do n’t want to run the command from Step 3 over and over again for hours to download all your mail . )
We ’re going to make a simple cron job that runs periodically to download new email and preserve it .
First , make a very short file called / home / bob / fetch - email.sh and put the following text in the file :
#!/bin/bash
# Note : -q means fetch quietly so that this program is silent
/usr/bin/getmail -q -r /home/bob/.getmail/getmail.gmail
Make sure that the file is readable / executable with the command “ chmod u+rx / home / bob/ fetch-email.sh ” .
If you want to make sure the program works , run the command “ /home/bob/fetch-email.sh ” .
The program should execute without generating any output , but if there ’s new email waiting for you it will be downloaded .
This script needs to be silent or else you ’ll get warnings when you run the script using cron .
Now type the command “ crontab - e ” and add the following entry to your crontab :
# Every 10 minutes ( at 7 minutes past the hour ) , fetch my email
7,17,27,37,47,57 * * * * /home/bob/fetch-email.sh
This crontab entry tells cron “ Every 10 minutes , run the script fetch - email.sh ” .
If you wanted to check less often ( maybe once an hour ) , change “ 7,17,27,37,47,57 ” to “ 7 ” and the cron job will run at 7 minutes after every hour .
That ’s it — you ’re done !
Enjoy the feeling of having a Gmail backup in case your net connection goes down .
Bonus info : Back up in both mail formats at once !
As I mentioned , mbox and Maildir have different advantages .
The mbox format is convenient because you only need to keep track of one file , but editing / deleting email from that huge file is a pain .
And when one program is trying to write new email while another program is trying to edit the file , things can sometimes go wrong unless both programs are careful .
Maildir is more robust , but it chews through inodes because each email is a separate file .
It also can be harder to process Maildir files with regular Unix command - line tools , just because there are so many email files .
Why not archive your email in both formats just to be safe ?
The getmail program can easily support this .
Just change your [ destination ] information to look like this :
[ destination ]
type = MultiDestination
destinations = ( ‘ [ mboxrd - destination ] ’ , ‘[ maildir - destination ] ’ ) [ mboxrd - destination ]
type = Mboxrd
path = ~/gmail-archive/gmail-backup.mbox [ maildir - destination ]
type = Maildir
path = ~ / gmail - archive /
Note that you ’ll still have to run all the “ mkdir ” commands to make the “ gmail - archive ” directory , as well as the tmp , new , and cur directories under the gmail - archive directory .
Bonus reading !
What , you ’re still here ?
Okay , if you ’re still reading , here ’s a few pointers you might be interested in :
– The main getmail site includes a page with lots of getmail examples of configuration files .
The getmail website has a ton of great documentation , too .
Major props to Charles Cazabon for his getmail program .
– This write - up from about a year ago covers how to back up Gmail as well .
– The author of getmail seems to hang out quite a bit on this getmail mailing list .
See the main site for directions on signing up for the list .
– If you ’re interested in a more powerful setup ( e.g. using Gmail + getmail + procmail ) , this is a useful page .
– For the truly sadistic , learn the difference between a Mail User Agent ( MUA ) and a Mail Transfer Agent ( MTA ) and how email really gets delivered in Unix .
– I ’ve been meaning to write all this down for months .
Jeff Atwood ’s recent post finally pushed me over the edge .
Jeff describes a program that offers to “ archive your Gmail ” for $ 29.95 , but when you give the program your username / password it secretly mails your username / password to the program ’s creator .
That ’s pretty much pure evil in my book .
And the G - Archiver program is n’t even needed !
Because Gmail will export your email for free using POP or IMAP , it ’s not hard to archive your Gmail .
So I wrote up how I back up my Gmail in case it helps anyone else .
Enjoy !
Added March 16 , 2008 : Several people have added helpful comments .
One of my favorites led me to a post by commenter Peng about how to back up Gmail with IMAP using getmail .
Peng describes how to back up the email by label as well .
He mentions that you could use the search “ after :2007/1/1 before:2007/3/31 ” and assign the label FY07Q1 to the search results , for example .
Then you can back up that single label / mailbox by making the getmail config file look like this :
[ retriever ]
type = SimpleIMAPSSLRetriever
server = imap.gmail.com
username = username
password = password
mailboxes = ( “ FY07Q1 ” , ) [ destination ]
type = Mboxrd
path = ~/.getmail/gmail-backup-FY07Q1.mbox
Peng also mentions a nice bonus : since you ’re backing up via IMAP instead of POP , there ’s no download limit .
That means that you do n’t have to run the getmail program repeatedly .
Thanks for mentioning that Peng !
In a sign that the U.S. military is scaling back its goals in Afghanistan , senior Pentagon officials are weighing controversial proposals to send additional teams of highly trained special operations forces to narrowly target the most violent insurgent bands in the country .
The proposals are part of an acknowledgment among senior brass that a large - scale influx of conventional forces is unlikely in the near future because of troop commitments in Iraq .
It also reflects the urgency to take some action to reverse recent setbacks in Afghanistan .
The idea of sending more special forces has intensified the debate over the best way to fight the war in Afghanistan .
As security worsens in the country , many military leaders are increasingly arguing that an Iraq - style troop “ surge ” and counterinsurgency plan would not work because of the country ’s rugged geography and a history of resistance to rule from Kabul .
Unlike Iraq , where large portions of the population are urbanized in the wide , flat plains of the Tigris and Euphrates river valleys , much of Afghanistan is mountainous and dotted with remote villages that are hard to reach with large bodies of conventional forces , several Pentagon officials involved in the Afghanistan strategy review said .
Advertisement
“ It ’s a much different place , and to surge forces does n’t necessarily fit , ” said a senior military official involved in the discussions .
“ This is one of Gen . [ David H. ] Petraeus ’ greatest challenges , ” he added , referring to the incoming commander of U.S. forces in the Middle East and Central Asia .
Three separate high - level reviews are underway on U.S. strategy in Afghanistan , where American forces have seen their highest death rate since the war began in 2001 .
According to military officials , the proposal for more special operations teams is being discussed in both the White House ’s review and one led by Navy Adm .
Michael G. Mullen , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff .
Advocates of a plan focused on special operations argue that the top U.S. priority in Afghanistan should be preventing the country from again becoming a terrorist haven , an objective that could best be met by targeted attacks on militants in regions near the border with Pakistan .
Advertisement
In addition , the Army ’s Green Berets are the U.S. military ’s premier unit for training foreign security forces , making them ideally suited for linking up with the small but increasingly competent Afghan army to improve its ability to secure the country .
But critics in the Pentagon say the special operations approach would repeat many of the mistakes of Iraq ; although the units could attack insurgents in trouble spots , they would not be able to hold ground to keep extremists from coming back .
Other military officials note that only 12 of the 36 special operations units already in Afghanistan are being fully used .
Many lack the supporting infrastructure -- surveillance drones , helicopter transport and intelligence networks -- in part because it is still needed in Iraq .
“ To add more forces on top of existing forces that have n’t been fully engaged makes no sense , ” the senior military official said .
“ If you do n’t know how you ’re operating the current force , why do you think adding more forces is going to work ? ”
Advertisement
According to a senior Pentagon official , among those advocating a special operations influx is Army Lt. Gen. Douglas E. Lute , the White House ’s Iraq and Afghanistan “ war czar . ” A spokesperson for Lute did not respond to requests for comment .
Both presidential candidates , Republican John McCain and Democrat Barack Obama , have advocated an increase in conventional forces for Afghanistan .
The issue of special operations force levels has not been widely discussed in the campaign .
A move to a strategy focusing heavily on special operations would be a significant shift for the U.S. military .
The current strategy , which is supported by 32,000 U.S. forces and 30,000 North Atlantic Treaty Organization troops from other nations , aims to stabilize and secure the country and foster a viable central government .
But some military planners doubt that Afghanistan is capable of the progress that Iraq has achieved .
“ Are we really going to take a Karzai government and prop it up ? ” asked another senior military official , referring to Afghan President Hamid Karzai .
“ If you ’re talking about doing that , I ca n’t see this ever ending . ”
Advertisement
Although the Iraqi government has frequently proved corrupt and ineffectual , the population is well - educated and skilled , providing abundant human capital once security can be achieved .
In addition , Iraq ’s oil industry and fertile agricultural sector have quickly ramped up since violence declined after nearly 30,000 additional U.S. troops arrived in 2007 , a buildup strategy that some have advocated for Afghanistan .
Afghanistan has high illiteracy rates and little economic activity , making an Iraq - style “ clear , hold and build ” strategy more difficult to execute .
The Soviet Union failed to control the country in the 1980s with more than 100,000 soldiers , and some U.S. military officials fear Afghans could see large - scale troop increases as a repeat of that occupation .
Although President Bush has decided to redirect an Army brigade and Marine battalion from Iraq to Afghanistan by January , any further troop reductions in Iraq could be slowed by commanders ’ concerns over the need to maintain security during Iraqi elections scheduled next year .
Army Gen. David D. McKiernan , the overall commander in Afghanistan , has requested an additional three brigades and a division headquarters unit .
Although there is widespread support for the increase within the Pentagon , it remains unclear when those troops will be made available .
Advertisement
“ I do n’t think anybody thought it was an unreasonable request , especially when you take into consideration the environment has changed , ” the military official said .
“ I do n’t think anybody is saying no more forces .
I think people are saying ODA , or special forces , versus conventional forces , ” the official said , using the initials of the Army ’s Operational Detachment Alpha teams .
--
peter.spiegel@latimes.com
by Vito Rispo
In the 1950′s , psychologist Solomon Asch performed a series of now famous experiments on social conformity .
In the re-enactment video above , you can get a good idea of what they were about .
All of them involved a group of participants answering some very simple questions about their perception ( for example : which line was longer than the other ? , which lines were the same length ? , etc. ) .
All but one of those participants were “ confederates ” , meaning they were in on the experiment , and were asked to give the same incorrect answers .
Asch wanted to see how the remaining subject would react to the rest of the participants behavior .
The results were startling :
When they were surrounded by participants giving an incorrect answer , 75 % of the subjects followed along and gave the same incorrect answer at least once , and 37 % of the subjects followed along and gave an incorrect answer the majority of the time .
If even one of the confederates gives a different answer , the conformity drops dramatically ( from 5 % to 10 % ) .
And this dissenting minority does n’t even has to give the correct answer .
It just has to be an answer different from the majority .
The Scary Part :
The most frightening aspect of the experiment only came to light recently , in 2005 .
Dr. Gregory Berns from Emory University led a study where the researchers used an fMRI brain scan on the subjects in an experiment similar to the original Asch study .
The results showed that , when individuals conform to a group ’s opinion , even when the group is wrong , perceptual circuits in the brain light up .
This suggests that groups actually change the way we see the world .
Second , when an individual stands up against the group , they observed strong activation in the amygdala , the fear center of the brain .
All this suggests that not only are our brains not wired for truly independent thought , but it takes a huge amount of effort to overcome the fear of standing up for one ’s own beliefs and speaking out .
Humans are a social species , we ’re built to function in a group .
If everyone around us starts running , it makes sense for us to start running too , without putting much thought into it .
This is the reason advertisers are so keen on giving the appearance of popularity .
It ’s why political ads have shots of cheering crowds , and car commercials say “ best selling sedan of 2008 ″ .
It ’s why our opinion of a politician changes when we think that a majority of people support him .
Dr. Berns brain scan study showed us that our actual perception can change solely based on the opinions of those around us .
This is a frightening aspect of the human brain and , hopefully , one we can try to counter now that we are aware of it .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement A huge surge in early voting across key states appears to be helping the Democratic candidate , Barack Obama .
In one swing state , North Carolina , Democratic early voting is up 400 % in the first week , with similar patterns in Ohio , Iowa , Nevada and New Mexico .
Early voting is now taking place in 34 states , although votes are only counted on 4 November .
Up to one - third of all ballots are expected to be cast before election day , compared to one in five in 2004 .
In the past , Republicans have tended to benefit from early voting .
" This is like a mirror image of what we 've seen in the past , " said Paul Gronke , of the Early Voting Information Center at Reed College .
" This can not be good news for John McCain . "
Overall , early voting is running about twice as high this year as in 2004 in many states .
In states that register voters by party , the party affiliation of early voters is known - though it is not certain that all registered Democrats will vote for their presidential candidate , and the data does not give information on how independent voters will cast their ballots .
Voting problems
One reason for early voting has been the fear of long waits at the polls on election day - which may be an even bigger problem this year because of higher turnouts .
They only get to vote once
Rich Beeson , political director , Republican National Committee
The Democrats seem to be bringing out early voters in key swing states .
In Clark County , Nevada , which covers the largest city , Las Vegas , Democrats have been outnumbering Republicans in early voting by a two - to - one margin , higher than the 52 % majority for the Democratic candidate , John Kerry , in 2004 .
In Cuyahoga County , Ohio , which covers the city of Cleveland , 45,000 Democrats have voted early and only 10,000 Republicans , far above the two - to - one margin by which Mr Kerry won in 2004 .
In New Mexico , which was won by George W Bush by 6,000 votes in 2004 , twice as many Democrats as Republicans have been voting early .
And in North Carolina , which has traditionally been Republican but is now a swing state , of the 480,000 people who have voted early , 54 % were Democrats , 27 % Republicans , and 16 % independents .
EARLY VOTING CROWDS
Picture gallery Michael McDonald , a voting expert at George Mason University , said the data from North Carolina was stunning .
" North Carolina , in particular , is off the charts , " Mr McDonald said .
" This is outside of what we expected . "
The Republicans have discounted the importance of these early voting figures , saying that they just reflect the most partisan voters who would have voted for their party anyway .
" They only get to vote once , " said Rich Beeson , political director for the Republican National Committee .
And not all the early voting trends are favouring the Democrats .
In Florida , absentee ballots are running three to two in favour of the Republicans , while in Colorado early voting is running roughly in line with overall voter registration .
October surprise
With some evidence that election polls are tightening , the big increase in early voting is making it more difficult for Senator McCain to close the gap on Mr Obama .
In past elections , up to one in five voters have decided in the last weeks of the campaign , and sudden events , such as a foreign policy crisis , could alter the outcome .
" If there 's a last minute surge because of some event to the trailing candidate , well , the train has left for an awful lot of people these days , " said Andrew Kohut , president of the Pew Research Center , which carries out election polls .
The latest Pew polling suggests that 24 % of people are likely to vote early , while 9 % said they had already voted .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
The Senate and House have voted to reauthorize the Higher Education Act and approved controversial new provisions that will require universities to provide students with access to commercial music downloading services and implement traffic filtering technologies in order to deter peer - to - peer filesharing .
The bill now goes to President Bush , who is expected to sign it into law .
These provisions have strong support from the content industry , but have been targeted with widespread criticism from the academic community and advocacy groups such as Educause .
The push for mandatory filtering at universities began in 2007 when the RIAA published a list of top piracy schools and the MPAA claimed that piracy on university campuses accounts for 44 percent of the movie industry 's annual losses to piracy .
The group later retracted this claim when it was discovered that the numbers were grossly inflated .
The RIAA followed up its top piracy school list with a litigation and propaganda campaign which included the development of a web site to handle automated settlements , but soon faced serious setbacks in court .
The MPAA also developed an Ubuntu - based software toolkit for detecting file - sharing on university networks , but was forced to discontinue distribution of the software when they were hit with a Digital Millenium Copyright Act takedown notice .
The MPAA had violated copyright law by failing to adhere to the General Public License under which Ubuntu is distributed .
The MPAA 's high - tech anti-piracy solution
The RIAA and MPAA have vigorously lobbied for a legislative solution at both the state and federal levels .
Pressure from the content industry compelled Congress to begin investigating the issue .
The lobbying efforts eventually resulted in the addition of anti-piracy provisions in the College Opportunity and Affordability Act in the House , which passed by a wide margin in February .
The Senate version of this bill passed today with bipartisan support .
A statement issued by the joint House and Senate committees responsible for harmonizing the two versions of the bill explains that universities will have to begin authoring formal piracy deterrence plans .
The statement also recommends several commercial anti-P2P technologies including Audible Magic 's CopySense Network Appliance and Red Lambda 's Integrity filtering tool .
" [ The amendment includes ] language requiring institutions to make available the development of plans to detect and prevent unauthorized distribution of copyrighted material on the institution of higher education 's information technology system , " the statement says .
" The Conferees have combined elements from both bills to require institutions to advise students about this issue and to certify that all institutions have plans to combat and reduce illegal peer to peer file sharing . "
The MPAA hailed the bill 's passage .
" We work closely with leaders in the higher education community because we both have a stake in ensuring that intellectual property continues to be a strong , vibrant part of our nation 's economy , " said MPAA president Dan Glickman .
" By including these important provisions in the Higher Education Act , Congress is sending a strong message that intellectual property is worth protecting . "
The MPAA will shortly begin sending out what it describes as " campus briefing books " that contain information on the anti-piracy provisions of the new law and what schools need to do in order to be in compliance .
The books will also offer hints on how to clamp down on P2P traffic and detect infringement .
There are presently no penalties for failing to comply with the requirement , but Educause and many in the academic community fear that the new provisions are a trojan horse that will open the door for Congress to add penalties in future iterations .
If this happens , universities could potentially be denied funding if they do n't agree to play copyright cop .
Further reading
It is less than two months since Prince Charles was on the receiving end of a fusillade of scientific , political and commentariat criticism for voicing , yet again , his concerns about GM crops and foods .
He was widely accused of " ignorance " and " Luddism " ; of being too rich to care about the hungry , and even of trying to increase sales of his own organic produce .
It was put about that Gordon Brown was angered by his intervention .
Yet the Prince has responded by stepping up his campaign , making his most anti-GM speech yet , in delivering – by video – the Sir Albert Howard Memorial Lecture to the Indian pressure group Navdanya last Thursday .
And he made it clear that he was going to continue .
" The reason I keep sticking my 60 - year - old head above an increasingly dangerous parapet is not because it is good for my health , " he said " but precisely because I believe fundamentally that unless we work with nature , we will fail to restore the equilibrium we need in order to survive on this planet . "
True to his word , he plunged straight into the most controversial and emotive of all the debates over GM crops and foods by highlighting the suicides of small farmers .
Tens of thousands killed themselves in India after getting into debt .
The suicides were occurring long before GM crops were introduced , but campaigners say that the technology has made things worse because the seeds are more expensive and have not increased yields to match .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The biotech industry strongly denies this , but two official reports have suggested that there " could " be a possible link .
Prince Charles expressed no doubts in his lecture , delivered at the invitation of Dr Vandana Shiva , the founder of Navdanya , and one of the leading proponents of the technology 's role in the deaths .
He spoke of " the truly appalling and tragic rate of small farmer suicides in India , stemming in part from the failure of many GM crop varieties " .
Much of the controversy surrounds claims of failures by a Monsanto GM cotton called Bollguard .
The GM company says that " farmers in India have found success " with it , and cites a survey in support .
Its opponents produce evidence of their own to show the opposite .
But Prince Charles did not stop there .
Broadening his offensive , he said that " any GM crop will inevitably contaminate neighbouring fields " , making it impossible to maintain the integrity of organic and conventional crops .
For the first time in history this would lead to " one man 's system of farming effectively destroying the choice of another man 's " and " turn the whole issue into a global moral question . "
He quoted Mahatma Gandhi who condemned " commerce without morality " and " science without humanity " .
He added : " One must surely ask the question whether – if only from a precautionary point of view – it might be wise to keep some areas of the world free from GM - based agriculture . "
The Prince attacked the contention that " GM food is now essential to feed the world " , saying that the evidence showed that modified crops ' yields were " generally lower than their conventional counterparts " .
He called them " a wrong turning on the route to feeding the world in a sustainable or durable manner " and " a risky and expensive distraction , diverting attention and resources away from those real , long - term solutions such as crop varieties which respond well to low input systems that , in turn , do not rely on fossil fuels . "
There was substantial evidence " to show that a growing world population can be fed most successfully in the long term by agricultural systems that manage the land within environmental limits " .
Recent research had shown , he added , that organic farming techniques had increased yields in Brazil by 250 per cent and in Ethiopia were up fivefold , while the world 's biggest international agricultural study – headed by Professor Bob Watson , now chief scientist at Department for Food , Environment and Rural Affairs – had backed organic farming , rather than GM to tackle word hunger .
Kirtana Chandrasekaran of Friends of the Earth said : " Prince Charles is right that GM crops and industrial farming are profiting big businesses , not feeding the world 's poorest . "
To have your say on this or any other issue visit www.independent.co.uk/IoSblogs
Since the 2008 campaign began , doctors not connected with Mr. McCain ’s case have expressed intense interest in the extent of the face and neck surgery that he underwent on Aug. 19 , 2000 , at the Mayo Clinic Scottsdale in Arizona .
Some of these doctors have noted in e-mail messages and in comments to reporters that the surgery appeared to be so extensive that they were surprised his melanoma was not more serious  perhaps Stage III , which would give him a bleaker prognosis .
These doctors said they would be surprised to learn that such an operation would be performed without evidence that the melanoma had spread .
But a number of melanoma experts said in interviews that such an operation was understandable according to the medical standards of 2000 and that the extensive surgery did not necessarily imply Stage III melanoma .
“ It was not out of line , ” said one of the experts , Dr. Richard L. Shapiro , a melanoma surgeon at New York University .
Dr. Shapiro added that he would feel more comfortable in making a judgment if he saw a full pathology report .
“ It was a complex problem , ” he said , “ that was handled very skillfully by a team of experts . ”
Dr. Denis Cortese , Mayo Clinic ’s president and chief executive , said in a recent interview that experts in all three of the clinic ’s sites discussed details of Mr. McCain ’s operation before it was performed .
In trying to discover whether the melanoma had spread from his temple , Mr. McCain ’s doctors made an incision down the side of his face and partly removed the lymph nodes in his neck , the campaign said in the statement .
“ No spread of melanoma was found in any of these locations , ” the campaign said .
“ However , this preventative procedure had cosmetic side effects for Senator McCain , including swelling at the site of the incision .
Thus , the large scar and attendant swelling that Senator McCain has on the left side of his face is not the result of the melanoma itself , which was small and localized , but rather of the more extensive surgical procedure utilized out of a high degree of caution . ”
Newspapers , already facing a grim economic forecast , are digesting another piece of bad news : the growth in online advertising they saw as their salvation has slowed to a crawl .
In the last few years , newspaper companies have been rapidly expanding their Web presence  adding blogs , photo slide shows and podcasts  in the belief that more features would bring more advertisers .
But now , after 17 quarters of ballooning growth , online revenue at newspaper sites is falling .
In the second quarter , it was down 2.4 percent compared with last year , to $ 777 million , according to the Newspaper Association of America .
It was the only year - over - year drop since the group began measuring online revenue in 2003 .
Overall online advertising , however , is strong .
Display advertising , the graphics - rich ads that newspaper sites carry , grew 7.6 percent in the second quarter , TNS Media Intelligence reported .
Newspaper executives say the new features have drawn bigger , more engaged audiences , which they hope will translate to more advertisers .
Unique readers in August were 17 percent higher than a year earlier , at 69.3 million , according to a Nielsen Online analysis of newspaper sites for the newspaper association .
They also point to other factors for the decline , including the economic downturn and the continued flight of classified advertisers away from papers and their sites .
August 14 , 2008 — Patrick Zimmerman
Vernon Baker Honored : Only Living Black Awarded WWII Medal of Honor
Wofford College Presents Vernon Baker with The Sandor Teszler Award
Wofford College , in Spartanburg ( SC ) , will honor Joseph Vernon Baker , the only living African - American recipient of the Medal of Honor for valor during World War II .
Wofford will present The Sandor Teszler Award for Moral Courage and Service to Humankind to Baker and confer an honorary degree during the college ’s opening convocation ceremonies on September 11 , 2008 .
The Sandor Teszler Award represents the highest ideals that the Wofford community embraces , and it carries with it a $ 10,000 award as well as a citation and the honorary degree .
Sandor Teszler was born in the old Austro - Hungarian empire , and during World War II Teszler , his wife and two sons were taken to a death camp on the Danube River , where the Nazi victims were systematically beaten to death .
They were prepared for imminent death , but then they unexpectedly were rescued by an official from the Swiss Embassy .
Immigrating to America and coming to the Carolinas , Sandor Teszler became a leader in the textile industry , soon becoming one of the very first to desegregate the textile mills .
During the last decade of his life , Teszler graced the Wofford campus , “ attending so many classes that the faculty , acknowledging a wisdom and experience greater than their own , honored themselves by making him a professor . ”
Wofford College and the Tribute to Joseph Vernon Baker
Wofford College is one of only a handful of colleges and universities in the United States that were founded prior to the Civil War , which still operates and remains on its original campus .
The Wofford campus has been designated a National Historic District , and five of its six original college buildings are still in use today .
Wofford has become known in the wider academic world as a true “ Phoenix rising from the ashes . ”
The college was devastated by the loss of almost its entire endowment as a result of the Civil War .
However , despite its meager financial resources , Wofford proudly struggled through the next twelve decades to provide an academically challenging education to its small student body .
One illustration of the sterling academic quality maintained by the college is the fact that forty - two Wofford alumni have gone on to serve as college and university presidents .
The commemoration of Joseph Vernon Baker and the courage exemplified in his life carries a special confluence with a certain aspect of Wofford ’s own history .
Founded in 1854 , for over a century Wofford was a small private liberal arts college that was segregated , attracting almost all of its students from the Old South .
In 1962 and 1963 , public colleges and universities throughout the region had begun to desegregate , almost always forced to do so at the direction of federal court orders and accompanied by significant resistance and often violence .
In the face of strong and heated public sentiments against desegregation , as well as by anticipated bitterness concerning and rejection of the college on the part of some of its alumni , supporters and friends , Wofford ’s officers were undaunted and forged ahead , quietly beginning to make plans for desegregation .
In the fall semester of 1964 , the college opened its doors with an admissions policy that was equally applicable and nondiscriminatory to all students who might wish to apply , regardless of their race or creed .
Steadfastly committed to its decision to make a stand for human equality , Wofford thus became one of the very first private colleges in the Old South to peacefully integrate .
Vernon Baker is now 89 years - old and lives in St. Maries , Idaho .
Mr. Baker had earned the Medal of Honor 52 years before he and six of his military comrades actually received the award in 1997 from then - President Bill Clinton at a special White House ceremony .
Mr. Baker was the only one who was still living to accept the Medal of Honor in person , the military ’s highest award for bravery in battle .
“ They helped America to become more worthy of them and more true to its ideals , ” Clinton said at the White House observance .
Vernon Baker , who had served as a lieutenant with the 370th Infantry Regiment , was cited for his “ conspicuous gallantry and intrepidity at the risk of his own life ” for his actions on April 5 and 6th , 1945 , when he destroyed four German machine gun nests near Viareggio , Italy , at Castle Aghinolfi , a critical German high - ground mountain defense post .
He killed nine enemy soldiers with a gun and hand grenades .
Mr. Baker also was awarded the Purple Heart , a Bronze Star and the Distinguished Service Cross for his heroic actions in Italy .
Lt. Joseph Vernon Baker : An Honor Long Deferred
In the January 14th , 1997 edition of The New York Times , James Bennett wrote a moving article about the White House ceremony , which came a half - century after most of them had died in combat .
On January 13th , 1997 , seven soldiers finally were awarded the Medals of Honor that they deserved , but which had been denied after World War II because they were African - Americans .
Of the seven men , Joseph Vernon Baker was the only one of the decorated soldiers who was still alive .
Their abilities and courageous actions in combat had been routinely derided by white officers .
The very soldiers who were finally honored on that day had been forced to fight in segregated units , protecting the very freedoms that they did not fully share .
” History has been made whole today , ” Mr. Clinton declared , while standing in the East Room of the White House in front of Gilbert Stuart ’s full - length portrait of George Washington , ” and our nation is bestowing honor on those who have long deserved it . ”
Lt. Vernon Baker : An Honor Long Overdue
Wofford College Honors Vernon Baker : WWII Medal of Honor Winner
Interview with Vernon Baker : WWII Medal of Honor Winner
Technorati : African - American , African - American soldiers , Black , Black soldiers , WWII soldiers , soldiers , Bill Clinton , Clinton , culture , cultural , documentary , film , German soldiers , Germans , Germany , holocaust , death camps , concentration camps , integration , segregation , prejudice , racism , Italy , Medal of Honor , WWII Medal of Honor , multimedia , Nazis , news , photographs , higher education , colleges , Sandor Teszler , South Carolina , Spartanburg , Vernon Baker , video , wars , World War II , WWII , Wofford College , social issues , society , world
Please Share
This :
A while ago , I posted an overly - long discussion of recent research on the ‘ math gap ’ between boys and girls on standardized testing ( Girls closing math gap ? : Troubles with intelligence # 1 ) .
That posting discussed several studies published in Science that have shown the gap in average math scores between boys and girls is not set in stone .
In one paper , an increase in the test pool brought on by the No Child Left Behind program , with mandatory universal tests instead of exams only for those wishing to go to college , caused the gap in average scores to disappear ; in the other paper , a decrease in the ‘ math gap ’ was found to correlate with other measures of greater gender equality in European states .
As I pointed out in the previous post , however , many commentators suggest that it is not the gap in average test scores that really matters ; rather , these critics argue that the different variance in boys ’ and girls ’ scores explains the disproportionate number of boys who produce exceptional scores ( as well as exceptionally bad scores ) , and thus the marked gap of men and women in PhD math programs , in prestigious prizes for physics and related subjects , and in related fields like engineering .
In the earlier post , I argued that even if this greater variance showed up reliably across all testing populations , what exactly was being illuminated was still not clear ; that is , many other explanations–other than that men had better ‘ math modules ’ in their brains , or greater ‘ innate ’ mathematics ability , or something like that –could explain even very stable differences in math performance .
At the time I suggested a number of other possibilities , such as sex differences in stress response during testing , as other possible explanations for even a universal ‘ math gap ’ ( which still had to contend with studies like the two in Science which severely undermined the assertion of universality ) .
As if on cue , I stumbled upon a video and accompanying article in Science Daily on differences in stress responses among men and women : Neuroscientists Find That Men And Women Respond Differently To Stress ( but do n’t click on that link — keep reading ! ) .
Stress is a good candidate to explain a test - taking gap because the observable physiological processes offer abundant evidence that men and women do n’t respond to stress in exactly the same way ( although there are underlying commonalities ) .
For example , stress causes different diseases in men and women , and some long - term psychological disorders that demonstrate sex - linked disparities seem to emerge from stress .
Unlike the ‘ black box ’ explanation that boys and simply better at math or evidence greater variability in innate ability , with no observable neural correlate or plausible explanatory mechanism , in variation in stress response we have a clear candidate for male - female difference that plausibly affects their performance and even physiology ( for example , in different stress - related diseases ) .
Ironically , when I tracked down the original article that the Science Daily piece was likely based on ( there ’s no citation , so I ca n’t be certain ) , I had to delete all the quotes from the Science Daily article from the draft I was writing for this post ( that ’s why you should n’t link to it ) .
I give science writers a bit of stick from time to time , but in this case , the explanation of the research was not merely misunderstood , it was simply wrong , not even consistent with the abstract from the article I think the popular piece is based on ( Wang et al. 2007 ) .
So even though the erroneous Science Daily article put me onto this thread , I ’m only going to work from the piece published by Jiongjiong Wang and colleagues at the end of 2007 in the journal , Social , Cognitive , and Affective Neuroscience .
Stress responses in men and women to arithmetic tasks
In the abstract , Wang and colleagues explain that they tested 32 subjects using both fMRI and endocrine salivary screening .
In the experiment :
Psychological stress was elicited using mental arithmetic tasks under varying pressure .
Stress in men was associated with CBF [ cerebral blood flow ] increase in the right prefrontal cortex ( RPFC ) and CBF reduction in the left orbitofrontal cortex ( LOrF ) , a robust response that persisted beyond the stress task period .
In contrast , stress in women primarily activated the limbic system , including the ventral striatum , putamen , insula and cingulate cortex .
The researchers also found that the men tended to have more intense responses in the hypothalamic - pituitary - adrenal ( HPA ) system ( e.g. , the release of cortisol ) .
According to the researchers , the increased activity in the men ’s right prefrontal cortex ( RPFC ) under the acute stress condition was the most significant finding of their experiment , forming a biomarker for a distinctly masculine acute stress response .
What to make of all this ?
The researchers use a general description of these two different stress responses , first proposed by Taylor et al. ( 2000 ) , as ‘ flight - or - fight ’ in men and ‘ tend - and - befriend ’ in women .
At first read , I just groaned , and I ’m still opposed to the essentialist and evolutionary mythology being touted as explaining an observable difference in performance .
I ’m not even going to start down the well - trod path I ’ve beaten criticizing ‘ evolutionary psychologists ’ for naturalizing observed differences between men and women , simultaneously conjuring away the problem of explaining these differences by assuming that they are ‘ inherent ’ and attributing them to some dramatic fantasy of evolutionary selection — we ’ve been here before ( say at Girls gone guilty : Evolutionary psych on sex # 2 or Chicks dig jerks ? : Evolutionary psych on sex # 1 ) .
In fact , their data is much more interesting .
For example , Wang and colleagues point out that the difference in brain activation patterns might result from different stress coping strategies or from different response to high - and low - stress situations ( see Wang et al. 2007 : 237-8 ) .
Ironically , as Wang and colleagues discuss , the difference in men’s and women ’s stress responses depended upon the stimulus being used to produce stress : some experiments used social rejection ; others , like the Wang - led team , use arithmetic problems to create stress .
Likely , different sorts of stressful situations produce subtle distinctions in stress responses , some evoking more social anxiety , for example , and others creating a greater sense of physical peril .
The group offers a path for future research , suggesting that neuroimaging studies of stress responses on different sorts of cognitive tasks might help sort out what ’s specific to mathematical problems or might be more general difference between men and women : ‘ Given the sensitivity of stress responses to specific context and intensity , we are cautious to generalize the current finding to different types of stress ’ ( ibid. : 238 ) .
These different stress responses likely affect other mental activities in a variety of ways ; we know that not all responses , in parallel fashion , affect health or cortisol production or other physiological correlates of stress .
In addition , it ’s quite likely that men and women do n’t read the situations as equally stressful , either for innate reasons or for encultured ones –the two would be very difficult to disentangle in adults as the physiological effects would be identical .
For example , girls and boys might interpret a testing situation in different ways because of peer , family , social , or other dynamics .
But I ’m just going to hold my nose about the ‘ ev psych ’ part of this and plow onward ( my objection being the ontogenetic simplifications of how a trait might emerge rather than a phylogenetic objection to saying that men and women might have been subjected to different evolutionary pressures — someday I ’m going to have to do a post on this ) .
So , onward with nose held …
Differing stress responses : ‘ fight - or - flight ’ or ‘ tend - and - befriend ’
The ‘ fight - or - flight ’ response ‘ invokes resources that increase focus , alertness and fear , while inhibiting appetitive goals to cope with the threat or challenge ’ ( Wang et al. 2007:236 ) .
This pattern shows up in the increasingly active RPFC , associated with vigilance and negative emotion , and the suppression of activity in the LOrF , linked to hedonic behaviour and positive feedback .
In other words , in the ‘ fight - or - flight ’ response , according to this interpretation , an individual becomes very alert to potential dangers and anticipating dire consequences , much less capable of focusing on pleasure - seeking .
Female response , in contrast , ‘ primarily involves the limbic system including ventral striatum , putamen , insula and cingulate cortex ’ ( ibid . ) .
This pattern was labeled by Taylor and colleagues ‘ tend - and - befriend , ’ and included parts of the brain receptive to oxytocin , vasopressin , dopamine and endorphin , systems that have been linked in previous research to social relations , attachment , and maternal behaviour .
The researchers suggest that this social rewards system may blunt the acute stress response , leading women to respond in similar fashion to both high - and low - stress situations .
Wang and colleagues do point out that there are a lot of parallels between male and female responses , including very similar endocrine response , in spite of the predictions of the ‘ fight - or - flight ’ / ’ tend - and - befriend ’ contrast .
The point being that , as in many human traits , male and female differences tend to appear in some lights as oppositions , but upon closer examination often reveal instead a largely common , underlying pattern ( although the RPFC response was distinctive of their male subjects ) .
Even the differences that do exist , such as a divergence in cortisol feedback due to the effects of reproductive hormones , may or may not be linked to observable differences , such as patterns of ‘ ruminative thinking , ’ as the researchers discuss .
And the study itself did n’t turn up some patterns of activation that the researchers expected , such as a more prominent role for the amygdala ( see , for example , Paul Mason ’s discussion of the Role of Emotions in Brain Function ) .
Stress and cognitive function
Turning away from the more general effects of stress , focusing instead on the parts of the stress response that might affect must profoundly cognitive processing , we find that :
Activation of RPFC and right parietal regions [ the pattern more pronounced in men ] has been associated with various cognitive control tasks , including working memory , response selection and task switching , as well as inhibitory functions ….
Ventral striatum along with several limbic regions [ both pronounced in women under stress ] have also been involved in learning in addition to tasks related to reward , motivation and emotion … .
The different computational roles subserved by these brain regions may contribute to the observed gender differences in central stress responses .
Although somewhat controlled in the regression analyses , this possibility ( e.g. inhibiting incorrect responses in males and updating task strategies in females ) cannot be completely ruled out , especially in the direct comparison of average stress responses between men and women .
Wang and colleagues specifically indicate recent research on mathematics and science ability ( Hyde and Linn 2006 ) and suggest that the variation in stress response might underwrite pronounced differences in test results .
The RPFC , for example , is especially associated with executive functions ( such as inhibiting emotional responses ) and with strategic thinking , which might suggest a particular pattern of responding to stress .
If women were more likely to focus on updating the possibility of reward , their own emotional states , and their motives while under stress , this might lead to lower scores when they were stressed by a time - constrained testing format .
I ’m still not persuaded that this is innately male or inherently impossible for women to achieve .
If this is a pattern of brain activity especially likely to lead to certain test scores , and if some women are able to achieve extremely high test scores , than perhaps some women are able to learn this cognitive strategy .
After all , it ’s not like women do n’t have these same parts in their brains .
Likewise , I suspect that you could train patterns of response to stress in boys ; certainly , the people I work with in sports training are convinced this is the case .
Implications for test - taking
First off , the experiment was ideal for exploring a possible stress - related contributor to the ‘ math gap ’ because it actually used mental arithmetic as the stimulus .
Although not a perfect fit for a test - taking environment ( where you do n’t do the arithmetic in your head while holding still in a giant fMRI scanner ) , I doubt we ’re going to get much better than this until the imaging technologies make some major jumps .
Second , in general , women after puberty have a lower threshold for perceived stress .
The irony is that perceiving that one is stressed can often exacerbate one ’s stress response .
If you think you are anxious , you can make yourself more anxious .
One can easily see how this might affect women ’s performance on standardized tests .
I never recall being all that stressed out on things like the SAT or GRE ( I think I fell asleep during the GRE when I finished one section early ) , but for some people , this significantly influences their performance .
I need to point out that Wang and colleagues specifically controlled for this effect in their research , so it ’s not such a factor in their data , but it ’s not hard to imagine that , especially given the length of a standardized test and the possibility that difficult questions might heighten stress during the course of an exam , this might become a factor in test score differences .
But the bottom line is that , if boys ’ and girls ’ brains respond differently to stress , this might disproportionately affect tests exploring various subjects .
Female stress response might make their mathematics problem solving drop off more than men’s in timed tests ( of course , we still have the much - less - discussed ‘ reading gap ’ to deal with , too ) .
This sort of pattern does seem to show up in the gap between women ’s performance on standardized testing in relation to men’s , and their across - the - board higher averages in marks on university courses ( since broader admission of women into universities ) .
But stress might also lead to a narrowing of girls ’ variance on standardized tests .
It might diminish ability to perform at an extremely high level , but it also might lift the scores of the lowest scoring , least - motivated individuals .
Lack of stress on a standardized math test — the situation boys might be more likely to find themselves in — might improve some young men ’s scores , but it also might lead low performers to be even more blasé about their situation .
Even the high RPFC activation in men might show up in boys as a clear - headed strategizing about the irrelevance of doing well on a standardized test if they know that they are not high performers in mathematics .
In other words , even a different pattern of brain activation ( elevated activity in the RPFC ) may simply provide the emotional environment in s stressful environment in which a boy might perform especially well , or calmly assess that the exercise was pointless given what he already knew about his ability .
The result would be indistinguishable from an innatist argument that ‘ boys have higher variance in innate math ability , ’ but the underlying causal mechanism would be subtly different ( and thus require different remedial projects if someone tried to address the variation ) .
One indicator of the possibility of these sorts of subtle mechanism that a Scientific American article by Halpern and colleagues cites is the fact that preschool children score similarly on cognitive tests of quantitative thinking and geometrical reasoning .
The start to diverge when the children get to school .
Innatist explanations suggest that the ‘ true nature ’ of boys and girls emerges when they enter school , but it ’s just as likely that peer dynamics , including strong sex - stereotyping among kids , starts to really kick in when they are exposed to school .
My point is not to argue that an innatist position is untenable , only that the pattern we see is equally consistent with other ways of thinking about how differences might arrive .
More on higher variance arguments
The Scientific American article also looks at the ‘ higher variance ’ of math ability argument that a number of proponents of innate ability gaps put forward ( which I discuss at length in the previous post on math tests ) .
The gap is profound , but the trend in that gap is also interesting .
The authors reflect on data that was first assembled in the early 1980s on SAT scores :
There were twice as many boys as girls with math scores of 500 or higher ( out of a possible score of 800 ) , four times as many boys with scores of at least 600 , and 13 times as many boys with scores of at least 700 ( putting these test takers in the top 0.01 percent of 12 - to 14 - year - olds nationwide ) .
Although it has drawn little media coverage , dramatic changes have been occurring among these junior math wizards : the relative number of girls among them has been soaring .
The ratio of boys to girls , first observed at 13 to 1 in the 1980s , has been dropping steadily and is now only about 3 to 1 .
During the same period the number of women in a few other scientific fields has surged .
In the U.S. , women now make up half of new medical school graduates and 75 percent of recent veterinary school graduates .
We cannot identify any single cause for the increase in the number of women entering these formerly male - dominated fields , because multiple changes have occurred in society over the past several decades .
Although 3 to 1 is still a very large gap , it ’s also startling to see that the gap can close from 13 to 1 to as little as 3 to 1 in a bit more than two decades .
There may be an innate gap in math ability , but with all the change in these figures , it seems a bit premature to suggest that we know for certain that we ’ve ascertained it and cannot affect change in the performance gap any further .
In addition , specialized courses designed to remedy the women ’s specific deficits in visuospatial skills at the Michigan Technological University led to marked improvement among women in this area , one of the abilities considered to be strongly sex - linked , and to higher retention of women in university science and math programs .
( I do n’t have specifics on this intervention yet , but I will post more information when I get it . )
Again , this does n’t prove that there are not innate differences between men and women : the origin of the gap in visuospatial skills is not at all clear .
Because I ’m more of a developmental systems theorist than an innatist , I would tend to look in the developmental trajectory of boys and girls for the difference rather than assume math ability springs from a gene or hormone .
Thinking of the child as a developmental system , the gap may arise in an odd , indirect way ; for example , boys relatively lower verbal abilities might lead them to compensate by developing visuospatial skills , or girls play patterns — whether due to innate tendencies or socialization — may give them less experience with visuospatial manipulation .
Because the gap is mutable and the skills deficits at least partially remediable , I ’d say that the burden of proof starts to fall on the innatists ; show us where the innate visuospatial ability actually lives in the brain and how it comes into the world pre-destined if a whole host of studies are showing gaps are mutable .
In the end , I suspect that there are biological differences in girls ’ and boys ’ brains that contribute to differences in test score variance , but these differences may not be where we expect them .
For example , they may have more to do with something that indirectly affects math testing like stress response or motivational structure in education .
Innatist thinking is too easy , too inconsistent with the actual way that brains and cognitive abilities develop in an unfolding of the human organism in relation to a social and learning environment .
There ’s a lot of ‘ mights ’ in my account , but the fact that there are other plausible explanations for something like the math gap — even if it is universal ( which the Science papers question ) — shows overly glib assertions of innate difference to be a sloppy way out of what are really a whole set of interesting theoretical and empirical questions .
Stumble It !
References
Halpern , Diane F. , Camilla P. Benbow , David C. Geary , Ruben C. Gur , Janet Shibley Hyde and Morton Ann Gernsbacher .
2007 ( November ) .
Sex , Math and Scientific Achievement :
Why do men dominate the fields of science , engineering and mathematics ?.
Scientific American ( available online here )
Hyde , Janet Shibley , and Marcia C. Linn. 2006 .
Gender similarities in mathematics and science .
Science 314 ( 5799 ) : 599–600 .
( pdf available here )
Phipps , Alison .
2008 .
Women in Science , Engineering and Technology : Three Decades of UK Initiatives .
Trentham Books .
Taylor , Shelley E. , Laura Cousino Klein , Brian P. Lewis , Tara L. Gruenewald , Regan A. R. Gurung , and John A. Updegraff .
2000 .
Biobehavioral responses to stress in females : tend - and - befriend , not fight - or - flight .
Psychological Review 107( 3 ) : 411–29 . ( abstract on Pub Med , pdf available here )
Wang , Jiongjiong , Marc Korczykowski , Hengyi Rao , Yong Fan , John Pluta , Ruben C. Gur , Bruce S. McEwen and John A. Detre. 2007 .
Gender difference in neural response to psychological stress .
Social Cognitive and Affective Neuroscience 2(3):227-239 . doi:10.1093/scan/nsm018
Stay on Top of Enterprise Technology Trends
Get updates impacting your industry from our GigaOm Research Community
The solar market is booming — plans like Google ’s to wean the U.S. off fossil fuels over the next two decades involve massive investments in installing solar technology .
According to a report from Lux Research the global solar market will reach $ 100 billion in revenues by 2013 , with an almost five - fold increase in installations over the next five years .
That $ 100 billion figure includes revenues from the modules as well as installation and system costs for five solar technologies : standard silicon photovoltaics ( PV ) , concentrating photovoltaic systems , thin - film solar , organic PV and solar thermal .
But if you ’re a solar supplier getting ready to kick back and wait for the cash to flow in , think again .
Lux says that starting next year the market could start to get a lot more difficult for companies to make a profit .
In 2009 the supply of solar modules is expected to overtake demand , and the resulting price drop will mean “ an industry shakeout , with the weakest players being acquired or failing , ” writes Ted Sullivan , senior analyst at Lux Research .
As Lux has put it before , the solar bubble is about to burst and it could take many incumbent solar players down with it .
Who ’s most at risk ?
The smaller me - too solar players that produce traditional crystalline photovoltaics and have n’t invested in new technologies like solar thin film .
Basically , firms that do n’t have large enough scale or innovative technology to protect them will be the hardest hit .
A drop in prices does mean demand will rise in response , but the problem is that margins will be difficult for years , says Lux .
Overall these difficulties are a minor setback in the grand scheme of things ; the industry is just maturing .
The reality is , in this weak economic climate , solar is still soaring .
The market is only at $ 33.4 billion today and will reach $ 100 billion in just five years — that ’s 48 percent growth every year through 2013 .
Installations will grow from 4.9 GW in 2008 to 23 GW in 2013 .
Even with a margin pressure shakeout coming , this is still boom times for solar .
by Ari Rutenberg
McCain 's performance on MTP this morning has left me disturbed and concerned .
I cannot even accurately express the confusion that the following segment has caused me .
McCain seems like a man who no longer knows who he is .
Is he the principled , passionate , grizzled veteran who fights for the little guy , knows both the benefits and limitations of government and has coherent policies ?
Or is he the divisive , angry , partisan panderer who caters to the extreme and alienates former supporters with a complete lack of ideas or any semblance of genuine concern for the people ?
Well , you can decide for yourselves , but do n't try too hard to make sense of it .
I 've been watching McCain get interviewed all morning and now my brain hurts .
Its kind of sad to see whats become of him .
ADVERTISEMENT
Thanks for watching !
Visit Website
Sweet Jesus , McCain !
Put us and yourself out of our collective misery .
Just endorse Obama so the world can move on .
Via MSNBC :
It really seems petty and stupid to raise McCain 's age as a legitimate
complaint .
As is perfectly clear one 's physical age often is not a
good indicator of anything .
I find it cheap and tawdry to use that as
a serious political complaint .
The fact that he 's old does n't matter .
The fact that he 's out of touch is a serious issue .
However on this morning 's MTP McCain seemed genuinely unaware of what he was saying .
In ten minutes he went from accusing Obama of being a socialist to endorsing the nationalization of the banks and Federal purchasing of bad mortgages while denying their inherent socialistic qualities , then back to accusing Obama of being a socialist for wanting to " spread the wealth around . "
ADVERTISEMENT
Thanks for watching !
Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT
Thanks for watching !
Visit Website
What was really weird is that during the parts where he is slamming Obama , he seems like the McCain we see everyday out on the stump .
But when he was being serious and discussing his support for the bailout , McCain seemed to be perfectly aware that the government 's role in a crisis is to help stabilize the situation and rectify the problem .
It was like the old , genuine , concerned McCain was actually in charge .
I just do n't understand how he could not recognize that Obama is also responding to the crisis , or at least realize how blatantly hypocritical it is to accuse someone of being socialist while simultaneously defending your own socialism .
Does McCain know people can record and rewind live TV ?
Does he know they have memories longer than 30 seconds ?
I cannot imagine what it must be like to exist in such a state of denial about the reality of your situation .
No one believes Obama is evil , at least no one not already voting for McCain .
And normally when you want to win , you do not persist in doing things which have proved blatantly unpopular among those you are attempting to woo .
That 's why I think he is senile , at least a little .
How else could he so easily move from a passionate and intelligent defense of government interference in capital markets to a condemnation of government interference in capital markets ?
I mean whatever McCain is , he is no actor .
WorldWatch
First appeared in print in The Rhinoceros Times , Greensboro , NC
By Orson Scott Card October 26 , 2008
What Really Matters As We Vote
Sometimes it seems like this election is one big pillow fight .
The air is now so full of floating feathers that it's hard to see the furniture , and the media is n't helping , as they blow the fluff around .
But there are solid issues in this election , and how we vote will have lasting effect on our future .
1. National Defense
Without ensuring safety for America and its allies , nothing else a president does matters at all .
And on this subject , Obama has promised us that his regime will be even more disastrous than Clinton 's was .
We have been at war with radical Islam since the Iran hostage crisis during the Carter presidency .
Reagan 's and Clinton 's spineless inaction and GHW Bush 's failure to follow up the Gulf War with support for Iraqis who tried to oust Saddam encouraged our enemies to be even bolder .
But the attacks on 9/11 came when we finally had a president with the kind of resolve and courage that Washington , Lincoln , and Franklin Roosevelt brought to the monumental struggles they led us through .
Bush made mistakes , but he never lost resolve and he never backed down .
Bush had been a governor and not much of a soldier when he took office as president ; McCain will be the best - prepared president we 've had since Eisenhower to lead us in a dangerous world .
Why , if you thought Bush was inept , would you install as Commander - in - Chief a man whose ignorance of world affairs and military strategy make Bush look like a genius ?
It 's not just that McCain instantly understood what Russia 's invasion of Georgia meant , while Obama naively thought that we should turn to the UN Security Council -- on which Russia has a veto .
It 's not just that Obama 's idea of facing the threat of a nuclear Iran is " aggressive diplomacy " and more " threats of economic sanctions with direct diplomacy opening up channels of communication so we can avoid provocation " -- as if Iran needed any more provocation than our existence , or the existence of Israel , to start a nuclear war .
Both the Democrats and the press have been ignoring the Iraq War during the run-up to the election , as it became clear that the American people recognized what they wanted to deny : the success of the surge and the probability of victory in Iraq .
As recently as July 14th , however , Obama was saying : " I opposed the war in Iraq before it began , and would end it as president ... the same factors that led me to oppose the surge still hold true . "
We have no reason to think that he has changed his mind .
The New York Times
You may think that Obama and the Democratic leaders of Congress will now continue Bush 's successful war policy to a successful conclusion .
You may think the war is a " done deal . "
But you would be wrong .
A continuation of Bush 's policies would be a humiliation for Obama , Reid , and Pelosi , all of whom continued to call the surge a failure long after rational people knew it was a success .
It will be their first order of business to fulfil their constant promise :
To begin withdrawal immediately .
Who would be insane enough to deliberately lose a war that we 've already won ?
It has happened before .
Creighton Abrams ' Vietnam
War strategy ( " clear and hold , " as opposed to Westmoreland 's " search and destroy " ) was as successful as the same strategy has been in Iraq .
( That 's what the surge was , not just numbers , but a change in tactics . )
We had an armistice in Vietnam .
It held for two years .
Until the newly elected Democratic Congress of the class of ' 74 needlessly broke our word to South Vietnam and cut them off from all military aid and resupply .
Who was surprised that North Vietnam -- still fully supplied by the USSR -- then invaded the South ?
With no hope of aid or even replenishment , the South Vietnamese army bowed to the inevitable .
If you doubt that Obama as president , with the Democrats in strong control of both houses of Congress , would have even a speck more honor , you are fooling yourself .
Since there is no way now that they can claim credit for success in Iraq , it is vitally important to all three of them that Iraq be remembered as Bush 's failure .
The only way that can happen is if Obama , Reid , and Pelosi begin the immediate withdrawal they have never ceased to advocate .
Our enemies will see this , correctly , as the fulfilment of Osama bin Laden 's prophecy that America would bow to Al Qaeda .
Indeed , the fact that it will come after Al Qaeda 's military failure will be interpreted as proof that God is bringing them victory .
Al Qaeda 's recruitment , now at a low point , will soar .
We will face far more threats around the world -- as those Iraqis who have bet their lives on our word go down in flames .
On top of this , Obama is already planning to finance his massive increases in social spending by canceling the weapons programs that will be essential if we are to retain the ability to protect the world peace that makes possible our system of global free trade .
He calls them " fancy new weapons . "
John McCain calls them " protecting our children , " and McCain is right .
Not every weapons program is good .
But having no new weapons is insane .
2. The Economy
Even now , the leftist media is claiming that the cause of our economic crisis is the " climate of deregulation " initiated by Republicans .
This is a fantasy -- to put it charitably .
Republican deregulation had its ups and downs , and there were companies that could n't face the new level of competition and failed .
Jobs moved abroad and it took time for people and industries to adapt to the changes .
There are plenty of things to hate about Republican economic policies .
But there was no crisis threatening the international credit system .
The current worldwide financial " slump " has many contributing factors , but only one trigger :
The Democratic Party 's insistence that Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac provide support for loans that could not be repaid .
The Bush administration called more than once for the regulations that would have eliminated this disastrous trigger .
John McCain signed on as a cosponsor of a bill that would have prevented it .
Meanwhile , Obama was the second - highest recipient of contributions from the corrupt and / or incompetent executives who were riding Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac down to ruin .
( See John Steele Gordon 's full explanation at Commentary Magazine
If Obama and the Democrats have their way , we will reward them for their relentless stupidity about the way credit works by putting them in charge of the economy .
Meanwhile , the party that foresaw the problem and , with a few crucial exceptions , tried to prevent it is going to be punished by being turned out of office .
Add to this the fact that when the media compares Obama 's " tax cuts " with McCain 's plan , they always seem to leave out the fact that Obama will begin by letting the Bush tax cuts lapse .
They want you to think this is not a tax increase .
In fact , they call McCain a liar when he says Obama will raise taxes .
But if you 're not paying a tax today , and the decisions of Obama and the Democrats in Congress cause your taxes to rise , that 's a tax increase .
When you factor that in with Obama 's supposed " cuts , " working people will be paying a lot more .
Now comes the clincher : Obama is a true believer in " income redistribution . "
He thinks that the rights granted by the Constitution and the courts are only " negative " rights -- what the government is forbidden to do .
He wants to mandate what " what the federal government or the state government must do on your behalf " -- and that is " redistributive change . "
As a guest on a radio call - in show in 2001 , Obama laid out his economic goals very clearly .
What he said to Joe the Plumber was not a " misstatement " -- it was a rare moment of honesty .
Obama wants to take money from the people who work for it and give it to those who do n't .
( This was only one year before his famous speech opposing the war in Iraq ; what he was saying then still counts . )
He does n't want equal opportunity .
He wants equal results , regardless of your work , your preparation , or the value of what you produce .
Check it out in the article by Bill Whittle .
McCain is no expert on the economy .
But he 's proven that he knows how to listen to the people who do understand it .
And he thinks that wealth is created by people who work and think and learn and save .
Share with the needy ?
Sure .
But prosperity comes from leaving as much money as possible in the productive economy -- not from removing the rewards of achievement .
3. Character
John McCain is what he seems to be .
When he changes his mind or his policies , he admits it .
He believes that America is an influence for good in the world .
He does n't follow the party line -- Republicans may hate some of the things he 's done , but nobody has ever been able to claim he did them for any reason but his own conscience .
Obama is still a cipher .
Despite the huge crowds of worshipers and the near - mystical adulation he gets from the media , he still has huge holes in his biography .
And he keeps telling us flat - out lies about his own life .
For instance , when did he first meet unrepentant domestic terrorist Ayers ?
The answer keeps changing , as new facts emerge .
Obama can't admit a mistake .
Even when he says appallingly stupid things on national television -- like the idea of sitting down without preconditions to talk with Hamas , Hizbollah , and our Iranian enemies -- he claims that somehow he is being misquoted or taken out of context .
Obama is an elitist who looks at ordinary Americans with contempt .
It 's " bitterness " over decades - old economic changes that make us turn to religion and guns .
That 's what he said in private -- in public , of course , he pretends he wants to bring us together .
But this is obviously untrue .
He has never shown the slightest willingness to compromise in any way .
Instead , he says whatever will get him power ; but if he gets that power , there is not a hint that he will actually show any respect at all for the desires and hopes and needs of those who disagree with him .
Americans like to vote for moderates .
McCain is that man -- someone who is willing to compromise in order to solve our problems in a way that can meet the needs of people on all sides of the issues .
Obama is an extremist -- the most radical Leftist ever nominated by a majojr party .
Unfortunately , our media is in the hands of editors who want him to win , even if it means hiding Obama 's extremism and deceptiveness from the public .
Take it from Michael Malone , a reporter himself .
4. The Company He Keeps
We know all the people John McCain would bring into office with him .
Judges who do n't make up new laws to make sweeping changes in American society .
Generals who actually think that winning wars is better than losing them .
Advisers whose belief in American values and traditions is unquestioned .
We also know the people Barack Obama would bring into office .
They would be elitists like him , who know what 's good for us and therefore feel justified in deceiving us about their intentions .
He will appoint elitist judges who do n't care what 's written in the laws and Constitution , but will instead make new laws to remake our society as they think it should be .
And his advisers ?
The trouble here is that he keeps denying the advisers that have already shaped his view of the world .
Bill Ayers seems to have ghost - written at least part of Obama 's " autobiography , " and Obama seems to have been in harmony with Ayers ' view of America right up to the point where it became politically dangerous to admit it .
Make sure you check out Jack Cashill 's probing -- and to me , as a writer and editor , completely convincing -- examination of Obama 's " autobiography " : Did Bill Ayers Write Obama ’s “ Dreams ” ? and Obama did n't write ' Dreams from My Father '
Obama 's America
Obama is a patriot .
He wants to make America a better place .
In his ignorance of history , geopolitics , and the economy , he thinks that he can do it by unilaterally declaring peace , disbanding much of our military capability , raising our taxes and sharing the money with nontaxpayers .
Since he and his friends know much better than we do what 's good for us , he does n't have to tell us the truth about anything .
America is full of moderate voters .
So he pretends he 's a moderate , and only now and then do his real beliefs sneak out where they can be seen .
Unfortunately , his resume is a strange one :
He keeps getting elected to jobs where he does , essentially , nothing except run for the next one .
As president , that would n't be an option -- there 's no " next job . "
Who knows how he'd govern ?
But we can guess .
The media are already wrapped around his finger .
But heaven help anyone who dares to question him -- he 'll get the Joe the Plumber treatment , or be blacklisted like Barbara West and WFTV , who dared to ask him the kind of question that McCain faces all the time .
Add to that the fact that Democrats in Congress are already planning to shut down conservative talk radio , the only part of the broadcast media they do n't control .
They call this the " fairness doctrine . "
And they want to take away the secret ballot from workers who might not want to join a union .
They call this the " Employee Free Choice Act . "
And they name these anti-freedom measures using 1984 - style Newspeak , because lying works so much better for them than telling the truth about what they 're doing .
Obama 's America is the land of the New Puritans .
You know them -- they 're the people who are haunted by the fear that somewhere , someone might be having an unapproved - of thought .
Obama is their hero .
His election , along with a Democratic Party Congress , means they get to rule America .
McCain's America
McCain has helped pay the cost of freedom with suffering and the loss of years of his life .
In his America , a Republican in Congress does n't have to vote with his party -- he can vote his conscience or compromise with opponents to reach a better result .
In McCain 's America , you can get mad sometimes .
You can innocently talk and joke without looking over your shoulder for fear someone will take it wrong and get you fired .
In McCain 's America , you can join the military with confidence that if you are called upon to risk your life , it will be in a good cause , and your commander - in - chief will do his best to make sure your sacrifice is not wasted .
In McCain 's America , you get to keep most of your money , even if by some fluke you happen to earn a lot of it .
In McCain 's America , you can expect the courts to uphold the law .
You can expect that your kids will not be propagandized to despise or ignore your family 's religious beliefs .
In McCain 's America , you can have confidence that you know the guy in the Oval Office , and he actually pays attention to what you believe in and care about .
Hope and Action
The radical Left wants you to believe the election is already over .
Obama has won , so you might as well stay home .
Do n't believe them .
Hold on to some hope .
Make sure you vote .
Make sure everyone who cares about the same things as you also votes .
Call them .
Twice .
Give them rides .
Thank them after they voted .
Even if you 're in a state that is regarded as a foregone conclusion .
Utah .
Massachusetts .
Your vote still matters .
Because even if Obama wins , your vote can still show just how much support he does n't have .
Remember the election of 2000 , and how debilitating it is to a president not to have a plurality of the votes cast .
If McCain wins , let it be by a majority of the popular vote , and not just of the electoral .
And if Obama wins , let it be by the slimmest of majorities -- or without a popular majority at all .
And keep in mind , when voting for senators , that they decide on the treaties we sign and the judges we appoint .
Give President McCain a Congress that can work with him to create the America we want to live in .
There are n't many of those , so I have to take the facts where I can get them .
All these sites are crystal clear about where the facts leave off and the opinions begin .
And they give you a pretty good idea of what you would have seen on ABC , CBS , or NBC if they were n't house organs of the New Puritans .
http://www.adage.com/news.cms?newsId=46494
October 24 , 2005
WHAT BLOGS COST AMERICAN BUSINESS In 2005 , Employees Will Waste 551,000 Years Reading Them
By Bradley Johnson
LOS ANGELES ( AdAge.com ) —
Blog this : U.S. workers in 2005 will waste the equivalent of 551,000 years reading blogs .
Currently , the time employees spend reading non-work blogs is the equivalent of 2.3 million jobs .
About 35 million workers — one in four people in the labor force — visit blogs and on average spend 3.5 hours , or 9 % , of the work week engaged with them , according to Advertising Age ’s analysis .
Time spent in the office on non-work blogs this year will take up the equivalent of 2.3 million jobs .
Forget lunch breaks — blog readers essentially take a daily 40 - minute blog break .
Bogged down in blogs
While blogs are becoming an accepted part of the media sphere , and are increasingly being harnessed by marketers — American Express last week paid a handful of bloggers to discuss small business , following other marketers like General Motors Corp. and Microsoft Corp. into the blogosphere — they are proving to be competition for traditional media messages and are sapping employees ’ time .
Case in point : Gawker Media , blog home of Gawker ( media ) , Wonkette ( politics ) and Fleshbot ( porn ) .
Said Sales Director Christopher Batty : “ The Gawker audience is very at - work ; it ’s an at - work , leisure audience — a.k.a. , people screwing off on the job . ”
Bosses accept some screwing off as a cost of doing business ; it keeps employees happy and promotes camaraderie .
Andy Sernovitz , CEO of the Word of Mouth Marketing Association , said blogs have become the favored diversion for “ office goof - off time , ” though he notes it ’s hard to segregate blog time since blogs often bounce readers to professional media sites .
But at the end of the day , more blogging means less working .
Jonathan Gibs , senior research manager at Nielsen / NetRatings , said at - work blog time probably comes in addition to regular surfing — meaning more time on the Web but less time on the job .
Expansion of online behavior
“ Since for the most part blog readers tend to be the most engaged readers of online content , ” he said , “ they do not appear , at least for now , to be sacrificing time from their favorite news sites .
Instead , it looks like blog usage is in addition to existing online behavior . ”
Some blogs do relate to work , but deciding just how relevant they are to the employer is open to debate .
For this analysis , Ad Age chose a simple score : Count all business blog traffic , half of tech and media blogs and one - fourth of political / news blogs as directly related to work .
Based on ComScore ’s tally of blog categories , this suggests just 25 % of blog visits directly connect to the job .
Employees this year will spend 4.8 billion work hours absorbing wisdom from other blogs that may enlighten visitors but not amuse the boss .
Wasted time
Hard and detailed data on blogging time is limited , so Ad Age ’s analysis is a best - guess extrapolation done by reviewing blog - related surveys and data .
By Ad Age estimates :
Work time spent reading and posting to blogs this year will consume 2.2 % of U.S. labor force hours .
Work time spent at blogs unrelated to work will eat up 1.65 % of labor force hours .
U.S. workers this year will waste the equivalent of 551,000 years ( based on a 24 - hour day ) or 2.3 million work years ( based on a typical nearly 40 - hour work week ) reading blogs unrelated to the job .
There is strong evidence of workday blogging .
Server traffic for Blogads , a network of sites that take ads , spikes during business hours , reflecting page views on about 900 blogs .
FeedBurner , a blog technology company , also sees a jump in work - time hits .
Workday traffic patterns
“ Traffic rockets at 8 a.m. EST , peaks at 5 p.m. EST and then slides downward until L.A. leaves the office , ” said Blogads founder Henry Copeland .
“ You see the same thing in the collapse of traffic on weekends … .
Bottom line :
At work , people can’t watch TV or prop up their feet and read a newspaper , but they sure do read blogs . ”
And they create and post to them .
Technorati , a blog search engine , now tracks 19.6 million blogs , a number that has doubled about every five months for the past three years .
If that growth were to continue , all 6.7 billion people on the planet will have a blog by April 2009 .
Imagine the work that wo n’t get done then .
