5/3/09 update : Clayton Homes launched the i-house !
When a friend first shot me a link to an article about this i-house , I knew we had to feature it .
This is a new , modern , green home designed and soon - to - be offered by Clayton Homes , the largest manufacturer of manufactured housing in the U.S. Clayton Homes started in 1934 , smack dab in the tough years of the Great Depression , and since that time , they 've sold ~ 1.5 million homes .
If everything goes as planned with the i-house , Clayton Homes would like to be selling 2000 i-houses per year within 18 months of launching sales in May or so of this year .
The i-house gets its name from its footprint .
The core portion of the home is 992 square feet with bedroom , living room , kitchen , and bathroom .
The core is then dotted by an extended flex room and bathroom quarters , which also features an exciting rooftop deck .
The configuration of the core and flex room forms an " i , " but the flex portion of the home can be placed in other locations in proximity to the main part of the house , too .
Rumor has it that i-house will be sold for +/- $ 100,000 , depending on the purchase of the flex room , but Clayton Homes is doing research still on how to price it .
The butterfly roof was designed for a rainwater catchment system , as well as to carry the optional $ 8,000 solar pv system ( depending on the orientation of house ) .
Amenities include IKEA fixtures , dual - flush toilets , bamboo flooring , recycled content decking material , Japanese - style climate control in each room , and low E efficient windows .
Plus , with Clayton Homes ’ manufacturing prowess , they ’ve found that construction waste is kept to a couple garbage cans or less per home .
[ = ] Virtual Tour i-house
Another home design we ’ve featured previously , the GreenMobile® , has received widespread attention , but according to our last followup with the designer , they ’re still trying to get the prototype into production .
So , from this vantage point , building and selling green , affordable manufactured housing is more difficult than it seems , and Clayton Homes ’ i- House endeavor is good industry news .
We ca n’t wait to step inside one …
[ = ] The Clayton i-House
[+]
Clayton 's i-House on Display [ Knoxville News Sentinel ]
[+]
Knoxville 's Green House Effect [ Metro Pulse ]
Photo credits : Clayton Homes .
By Steve Schifferes
Economics reporter , BBC News
Mr Darling is sticking to his economic forecasts .
The UK government response to the global financial crisis has been " bold and wide - ranging , " the International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) has said .
It added that " aggressive action " by the government succeeded in containing the crisis and avoiding a breakdown .
But it warned that high levels of household and bank debt meant the pace of any recovery was still uncertain .
And it urged the government to adopt more ambitious plans to reduce the huge scale of government borrowing .
It remains to be seen whether the recent efforts to recapitalise the banks will be sufficient to sustain credit provision at a level required for a robust economic recovery
IMF
UK recession tracker Bank predicts slow recovery
The IMF is sticking to its forecast that UK GDP will decline by 4.1 % this year , compared with the chancellor 's forecast of about 3.5 % .
It said that the UK economy would contract at a decelerating rate in the near - term , but that the financial system was " still under stress " and that the UK economy remained " susceptible to potential shocks " , with the sharp increase in public sector borrowing one of the key vulnerabilities .
" It remains to be seen whether the recent efforts to recapitalise the banks will be sufficient to sustain credit provision at a level required for a robust economic recovery , " it added .
In response , the Treasury said it noted " the scale of the challenges " and accepted that " restoring the flow of credit to the economy will be crucial to building and supporting the recovery " .
Vulnerable consumers
The IMF also noted that consumers were unlikely to return to their high - spending ways any time soon .
" Faced with falling house prices , significant reductions in the value of pensions and other assets , a deteriorating and uncertain employment outlook , consumers are likely to retrench spending to reduce debt and rebuild savings , " it warned .
It said the speed and strength of the recovery was highly uncertain , " given the unprecedented nature of the crisis and the importance of confidence effects " .
The IMF added that the depreciation of the pound could aid the recovery by shifting demand to domestically produced goods and services .
But it said that the UK had a " particular exposure " to global shocks because of its large financial sector , overheated property markets , high household indebtedness , and strong cross - border links .
And it warned that there was a need for " greater international coordination " in the event of a crisis involving a major international bank with strong cross - border links .
Andrew Smith , chief economist at KPMG , said the IMF was " right to be cautious in its outlook for the UK economy . "
" Distressed consumers may prefer to save and pay down debt and businesses are in no mood or position to invest , so continued expansionary fiscal and monetary policy will be necessary to underpin demand , " he added .
Public borrowing
The IMF wants the chancellor to spell out in more detail how he intends to return the public finances to a sustainable downward path .
It suggested that spending cuts were " more durable " than tax rises in reducing public borrowing over the long term , and said that a " broad public consensus " was needed on making a " sizeable fiscal adjustment " .
But Robert Chote , the director of the independent Institute for Fiscal Studies , said that " experienced Whitehall hands fear it will be very difficult to achieve even the spending plans in the Budget , let alone more ambitious ones " and it will be difficult for the next government to avoid raising taxes .
The IMF also urged the Bank of England to expand its programme of credit easing by purchasing more private sector debt , as opposed to its current focus on buying up government debt .
But it warned that " at a more fundamental level , the public 's confidence in the Bank of England 's operational independence remains contingent on the state of the public finances . "
Meanwhile Mr Darling re-affirmed his growth forecast and said in a newspaper interview that he still expected to economy to begin to recover by the end of the year .
" I am not going to change my forecast .
I remain confident that the we will see a return to growth by the end of the year , " he said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Federal Communications Commission chair Michael Copps said he wanted a " truly inclusive process " for the agency 's National Broadband Plan proceeding — a process that collected input from " everyone . "
Hope he 's happy , because the Notice of Inquiry 's filings are piling in fast to meet Monday 's FCC 's deadline for comments .
The great thing about these humongous comment cycles is that you learn about all these groups that you did n't know existed : among them the Center for Individual Freedom ( we 're for it ) , Americans for Prosperity ( that too ) , and the 60 Plus Association ( I 'm getting there ) .
The Government of Japan felt the need to offer some free advice .
So did the National Radio Astronomy Observatory .
But let 's start with what the big players ( here in the USA ) have been saying .
To recap : the agency is soliciting public feedback for a broadband plan it has to submit to Congress by February 2010 .
What stands out is substantial disagreement between reform groups and the big ISPs , not only on the future of broadband policy , but on its recent past .
Time to fix mistakes
The reform movement 's leader , Free Press , filed a hefty set of comments on Monday that pretty much call for the FCC to review everything it has done since the 1996 Telecommunications
Act " to determine whether or not its predictions for market competition and deployment have come true , " as the filing explains .
" If not , those decisions should be revisited and revised with a new set of assumptions and expectations . "
Ars can tell you in advance what the group wants that historical survey to conclude : that the government 's abandonment of common carrier principles has resulted in a duopoly broadband system that does n't serve consumers very well .
And the FCC 's expectation that other technologies like Broadband Over Power Lines or satellite would fill in the gap has n't panned out either , they think .
In fact , heck , why bother with predictions ?
Here 's what Free Press says in the next paragraph : " The FCC should reverse the foundational mistake of its broadband policy framework by reclassifying broadband as a telecommunications service , " the filing concludes .
" This will rationalize broadband policy , reduce arbitrage , and give the Commission the tools required to promote competition through the reinstatement of network sharing rules if a competition analysis indicates this is needed . "
But Free Press is n't the only outfit pushing this line .
New Jersey 's less - known Division of Rate Counsel moves in a similar direction .
" The presence of two suppliers , although indisputably preferable to no supplier or a single supplier , should not be confused with effective competition , " the agency writes .
" The substantial market concentration that has occurred in the past thirteen years underscores the need for regulatory oversight . "
Both groups are gung ho on Copps ' call for a fifth principle of nondiscrimination to add to the FCC's Internet Policy Statement ( also called its Broadband Policy Statement ) .
It 's all good
Needless to say , the big broadband providers see the matter quite differently , Comcast leading the charge in suggesting that the last decade should be measured in terms of success .
" America is really fortunate to have so many broadband networks built by cable companies , phone companies , wireless companies , satellite companies , and other providers offering high - speed Internet services , " declared Comcast Vice President David Cohen in his latest blog post .
" In fact , thanks to the cable industry , an estimated 92 percent of Americans have at least one broadband Internet service provider running by their front door — all of it built with no subsidies from the government and no government - guaranteed rates of return . "
Caution , accountability , and measured goals should accompany future government efforts to assist in broadband expansion , Comcast urges .
Ditto says CTIA - The Wireless Association .
The group sent us an advance summary of their comments .
Almost four - fifths of wireless devices in the United States can tap into mobile broadband , CTIA 's filing argues .
Over 90 percent of consumers reside in regions with over four 3G mobile services .
And so " the Commission should neither extend application of its Broadband Policy Statement to wireless networks , " the trade association warns , " nor should it adopt a nondiscrimination principle that will limit carriers ' ability to ensure the innovation and quality consumers have come to expect from wireless service . "
The 4G wireless industry seems to be taking a somewhat more circumspect role in this proceeding .
Upstart WiMAX provider Clearwire , with Google as a prominent investor , recommends that the FCC apply its Internet Policy Statement to wireless .
The FCC should also " separately define and assess the availability of mobile broadband , " Clearwire urges , suggesting that the company is less sanguine about its general availability .
Big concerns in this filing are about reforming the agency 's " special access " rules so that 4G services can create the backhaul systems needed to keep their customers connected to the central broadband networks .
There are another 180 or so filings that Ars could summarize here , and there will be more in the database soon .
Quite a few civil rights groups have commented , it should be noted .
Gay rights groups say they depend on broadband to mobilize around political causes , and want it to stay affordable .
The Media Access Project argues this case in a broad legal vein .
" National broadband access can revolutionize the way that American citizens communicate , work , entertain , and inform themselves , " MAP 's Andrew Schwartzman writes , " but unless federal action is taken to ensure that such access is truly affordable , competitive and ubiquitous , the digital divide will grow into a gaping chasm . "
But what 's obvious in this proceeding , at least at the moment , is that , to many participants , the FCC's National Broadband Plan represents a chance to assess the success or failure of the last dozen years of Internet development in the United States .
And the divide on this question could not be more stark .
Want to file on this proceeding ?
Here 's the link for uploading a comment .
You need the proceeding number for field # 1 , which is " 09 - 51 . "
You can reply to already filed comments through July 7 .
Apple Inc. is building a significant capability to design its own computer chips , a strategy shift that the company hopes will create exclusive features for its gadgets and shield Apple 's work from rivals .
The Silicon Valley trend - setter has been hiring people from many different segments of the semiconductor industry , including engineers to create multifunction chips that are used in cellphones to run software and carry out other chores .
Apple ...
Prosecutors immediately opened an investigation into the group because of the similarity to the black and brown Fascist uniforms worn during the 1930's by sympathizers in Italy and Germany ...
These groups have sprung up in several Italian cities , especially in the northern strongholds of the right wing , anti-immigrant Northern League .
But controversy was sparked when the Italian National Guard revealed its uniform in Milan at the weekend .
Members will wear a khaki shirt , black cap featuring a rampant eagle insignia , 18 hole leather boots , Latin motto and armbands bearing a black sunwheel very similar to a Nazi swastika .
... Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi , whose centre right wing coalition was elected on a tough law and order campaign , has insisted that vigilante groups , such as the Italian National Guard , would be simple ' citizen patrols ' .
The group is based in Turin , but has offices in the south of Italy in Puglia and Calabria as well as on the island of Sicily .
Many Italians blame the country 's growing crime rate on illegal immigrants and especially Romany gypsies and see the ' ronde ' or vigilante patrols as a necessary course of action .
Marco Minniti , from the opposition centre left , described the situation as ' disconcerting delirium ' .
' Entrusting the security of the country to political groups like this is a blow to the very heart of democracy , ' he said .
Forde is well known in the anti-illegal immigration community , said Brian Levin , director of the Center for the Study of Hate and Extremism at California State University - San Bernardino .
" She 's someone who even within the anti-immigration movement has been labeled as unstable , " Levin said .
" She was basically forced out of another anti-immigrant group , the Minuteman Civil Defense Corps , and then founded her own organization . "
These are extraordinary words to hear on Fox .
The network ’s highest - rated star , Bill O’Reilly , had assailed Tiller , calling him “ Tiller the baby killer ” and likening him to the Nazis , on 29 of his shows before the doctor was murdered at his church in Kansas .
O’Reilly was unrepentant , stating that only “ pro-abortion zealots and Fox News haters ” would link him to the crime .
But now another Fox star , while stopping short of blaming O’Reilly , was breaching his network ’s brand of political correctness : he tied the far - right loners who had gotten their guns out in Wichita and Washington to the mounting fury of Obama haters .
What is this fury about ?
In his scant 145 days in office , the new president has not remotely matched the Bush record in deficit creation .
Nor has he repealed the right to bear arms or exacerbated the wars he inherited .
He has tried more than his predecessor ever did to reach across the aisle .
But none of that seems to matter .
A sizable minority of Americans is irrationally fearful of the fast - moving generational , cultural and racial turnover Obama embodies -- indeed , of the 21st century itself .
That minority is now getting angrier in inverse relationship to his popularity with the vast majority of the country .
Change can be frightening and traumatic , especially if it ’s not change you can believe in .
We do n’t know whether the tiny subset of domestic terrorists in this crowd is egged on by political or media demagogues — though we do tend to assume that foreign jihadists respond like Pavlov ’s dogs to the words of their most fanatical leaders and polemicists .
But well before the latest murderers struck -- well before another “ antigovernment ” Obama hater went on a cop-killing rampage in Pittsburgh in April -- there have been indications that this rage could spiral out of control .
This was evident during the campaign , when hotheads greeted Obama ’s name with “ Treason ! ” and “ Terrorist ! ” at G.O.P. rallies .
At first the McCain - Palin campaign fed the anger with accusations that Obama was “ palling around with terrorists . ”
But later John McCain thought better of it and defended his opponent ’s honor to a town - hall participant who vented her fears of the Democrats ’ “ Arab ” candidate .
Although two neo - Nazi skinheads were arrested in an assassination plot against Obama two weeks before Election Day , the fever broke after McCain exercised leadership .
That honeymoon , if it was one , is over .
Conservatives have legitimate ideological beefs with Obama , rightly expressed in sharp language .
But the invective in some quarters has unmistakably amped up .
The writer Camille Paglia , a political independent and confessed talk - radio fan , detected a shift toward paranoia in the air waves by mid-May .
When “ the tone darkens toward a rhetoric of purgation and annihilation , ” she observed in Salon , “ there is reason for alarm . ”
She cited a “ joke ” repeated by a Rush Limbaugh fill - in host , a talk - radio jock from Dallas of all places , about how “ any U.S. soldier ” who found himself with only two bullets in an elevator with Nancy Pelosi , Harry Reid and Osama bin Laden would use both shots to assassinate Pelosi and then strangle Reid and bin Laden .
This homicide - saturated vituperation is endemic among mini-Limbaughs .
Glenn Beck has dipped into O’Reilly ’s Holocaust analogies to liken Obama ’s policy on stem - cell research to the eugenics that led to “ the final solution ” and the quest for “ a master race . ”
After James von Brunn ’s rampage at the Holocaust museum , Beck rushed onto Fox News to describe the Obama - hating killer as a “ lone gunman nutjob . ”
Yet in the same show Beck also said von Brunn was a symptom that “ the pot in America is boiling , ” as if Beck himself were not the boiling pot cheering the kettle on .
But hyperbole from the usual suspects in the entertainment arena of TV and radio is not the whole story .
What ’s startling is the spillover of this poison into the conservative political establishment .
Saul Anuzis , a former Michigan G.O.P. chairman who ran for the party ’s national chairmanship this year , seriously suggested in April that Republicans should stop calling Obama a socialist because “ it no longer has the negative connotation it had 20 years ago , or even 10 years ago . ”
Anuzis pushed “ fascism ” instead , because “ everybody still thinks that ’s a bad thing . ”
He did n’t seem to grasp that “ fascism ” is nonsensical as a description of the Obama administration or that there might be a risk in slurring a president with a word that most find “ bad ” because it evokes a mass - murderer like Hitler .
The Anuzis “ fascism ” solution to the Obama problem has caught fire .
The president ’s nomination of Sonia Sotomayor to the Supreme Court and his speech in Cairo have only exacerbated the ugliness .
The venomous personal attacks on Sotomayor have little to do with the 3,000 - plus cases she ’s adjudicated in nearly 17 years on the bench or her thoughts about the judgment of “ a wise Latina woman . ”
She has been tarred as a member of “ the Latino KKK ” ( by the former Republican presidential candidate Tom Tancredo ) , as well as a racist and a David Duke ( by Limbaugh ) , and portrayed , in a bizarre two - for - one ethnic caricature , as a slant - eyed Asian on the cover of National Review .
Uniting all these insults is an aggrieved note of white victimization only a shade less explicit than that in von Brunn ’s white supremacist screeds .
Obama ’s Cairo address , meanwhile , prompted over - the - top accusations reminiscent of those campaign rally cries of “ Treason ! ”
It was a prominent former Reagan defense official , Frank Gaffney , not some fringe crackpot , who accused Obama in the Washington Times of engaging “ in the most consequential bait - and - switch since Adolf Hitler duped Neville Chamberlain . ”
He claimed that the president -- a lifelong Christian -- “ may still be ” a Muslim and is aligned with “ the dangerous global movement known as the Muslim Brotherhood . ”
Gaffney linked Obama by innuendo with Islamic “ charities ” that “ have been convicted of providing material support for terrorism . ”
If this is n’t a handy rationalization for another lone nutjob to take the law into his own hands against a supposed terrorism supporter , what is ?
Any such nutjob can easily grab a weapon .
Gun enthusiasts have been on a shopping spree since the election , with some areas of our country reporting percentage sales increases in the mid- to - high double digits , recession be damned .
... Last week it was business as usual , as Republican leaders nattered ad infinitum over the juvenile rivalry of Sarah Palin and Newt Gingrich at the party ’s big Washington fund - raiser .
Few if any mentioned , let alone questioned , the ominous script delivered by the actor Jon Voight with the G.O.P. imprimatur at that same event .
Voight ’s devout wish was to “ bring an end to this false prophet Obama . ”
This kind of rhetoric , with its pseudo - Scriptural call to action , is toxic .
It is getting louder each day of the Obama presidency .
No one , not even Fox News viewers , can say they were n’t warned .
Although it has n't gotten much play in the U.S. , Europeans are feeling a little queasy about a new far right vigilante organization that sounds and looks incredibly like Mussolini's Blackshirts .
And Silvio Berlesconi's right - wing government is sanctioning them .
Here in the U.S. there is a rising tide of right - wing terrorism and violence encouraged by Hate Talk radio and Fox TV , which is far worse and far more dangerous and destructive than the neo - fascist movement in Italy .
Fox 's hate - spewing Bill O'Reilly is an inciter and unindicted conspirator in the murder of Dr. George Tiller .
Quietly justified inside the Republican Party base , the now closed clinic -- yes , the terroristswon -- is being eyed by rightists who want to buy it as a symbol of their " victory .
" Last week , as we came to grips with the right - wing sociopath running into Washington 's Holocaust Memorial Museum with a shotgun and opening fire we also read the details of another horrible and brutal acting out of far right terrorism , this one by Minutemen driven to violent delirium by the daily xenophobic rantings of extremists like CNN 's Lou Dobbs and the GOP 's vicious anti-Hispanic hitman Brian Bilbray ( R - CA ) .
The murder rampage in Arizona included the point blank killing of a 9 year old girl .
Jason Bush , operations director of the Minutemen American Defense , Shawna Forde , head of the same right - wing terror group , and Albert Robert Gaxiola dressed up as police officers and forced their way into a home , shooting and killing a father and daughter and wounding the mother .
When Obama spoke at Buchenwald he warned us all that we need to be internally vigilant that we do n't fall into the inhumanity that rightists are so very susceptible to .
" And just as we identify with the victims , it 's also important for us I think to remember that the perpetrators of such evil were human , as well , and that we have to guard against cruelty in ourselves . "
Yes , we do -- and I felt compelled at that moment to show another kind of repellent right - wing orgy of hatred -- from American Jews in Israel calling Obama a nigger , calling for his assassination and repeating a slanderous Republican Party talking point that he was n't born in America .
( Watch the video at the link above -- but only on an empty stomach . )
Yesterday Frank
Rich grappled with the complicity of GOP front organizations in the rise of domestic right - wing hate groups in a Op - Ed , The Obama Haters ' Silent Enablers .
He recounts a Fox anchor , Shepard Smith , somehow surprised that the anti-Obama drum beat that his station sounds 24/7 has resulted in an outpouring of psychotic hatred from the station 's viewers , “ ' hate that ’s not based in fact , ' much of it about Barack Obama and some of it sharing the museum gunman ’s canard that the president was not a naturally born citizen .
These are Americans ' out there in a scary place , ' Smith said . "
A scary place alright ; they 're in a word created by Rush Limbaugh , Ann Coulter , Sean Hannity and Fox News .
Warned ?
Why not taken off the public airwaves for incitement ?
Maybe we can finally make some good use of Bush 's and Cheney 's insistence on preventive detention for terrorists .
Labels : Bilbray , fascism , Fox , Frank Rich , Italy , O'Reilly , right - wing terrorists , Rush Limbaugh , xenophobia
For most of my life , I practically mainlined pop culture , my finger wrapped tightly around the pulse of current entertainment .
But recently I realized that whenever I 'd overhear conversations about popular TV shows I had no idea what anyone was talking about .
It seems that while I was exploring the real world ( watching Arrested Development on DVD ) the pop culture landscape as I understood it shifted ; a new crop of shows and stars emerged , leaving me wondering :
What 's an Adam Lambert ?
Does Brett Michaels still make music , or is he basically doing this rolling brothel TV show full time now ?
Is Wings still on the air ?
Is Wings still on the air ?!
To find out , I forced myself to watch the latest episode of the three most popular shows on the air right now .
And I hate myself for it .
The Hills
In a Sentence :
Starring :
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Pretty , interchangeable white people wearing clothes .
I do n't know who any of these people are , or what they did to become famous .
I do n't even totally know how many different characters are on this show .
I did n't realize there was more than one blondish white chick until two of them were on screen together .
I watched 30 minutes before I understood that these three girls were different people .
The Show :
The episode that I watched was centered on a wedding between a blond douchebag named Spencer and a blonde whatever - the - girl - version - of - a- douchebag - is named Heidi .
Spencer and Heidi are the two most unlikable human beings I 've ever seen in my entire life .
Also , Spencer 's beard is the same color as his face , which seems like it must make shaving very difficult .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Since this was the season finale , it was a double episode .
Two full episodes wherein absolutely nothing remotely interesting happened .
Super -tan , glass - eyed Californians sat around looking at each other for 44 minutes .
Sometimes one of them would cry or smile , but no one ever seemed to understand why .
This was the season finale of a show that 's lastedfive freaking seasons .
And it 's not as though it 's flying under the radar .
I hear about this show constantly .
Why the hell is it so popular ?
What 's the appeal ?
Here 's a scene where Spencer talks to The One That Is n't Spencer about something ( Spencer , probably ) .
SPENCER
I 'm not just a cold stone with no heart .
THE ONE THAT ISN'T SPENCER [ Not taking his eyes off the floor . ]
Yeah you are .
They look at each other for a full 12 seconds , neither of their faces displaying anything that I recognize as an emotion .
Not - Spencer did n't say it humorously , or ironically or anything .
He just said it because he heard a sentence that started with " I 'm not " and decided to fill in the blank with something disagreeable , like this was some kind of exercise for a drama class in which both of the participants are retarded .
I mean , Spencer just stared at him .
Not mad , or offended , just slowly trying unsuccessfully to process the words he'd just heard .
This episode had four million viewers .
Also , everyone on this show has their mouth wide open .
All the time .
I do n't know if they 're just mannerless mouthbreathers or if they believe that the only way to understand what someone else is saying is by swallowing the sounds they are making .
Maybe it's a show about mutants whose ears are located on the roofs of their mouth ?
I mean there 's got to be some reason they 're on TV , right ?
Conclusion : Terrorists try to blow us up not because they hate freedom , but because we use our freedom to make The Hills .
T wo amazing stories played out at the U.S. Open yesterday – stories of hope , skill and redemption .
But they were n't the two stories NBC decided to feature .
The real stories were those involving Ricky Barnes and David Duval , the former a career plodder ranked 519th in the world ; the latter a faded star ranked just ahead of the assistant pro at Don Valley .
Barnes was threatening to run away with the tournament early and Duval was doggedly hanging in with the top groups .
As analyst Johnny Miller said several times , `` This is quite a story . "
Indeed it was .
So why did NBC give us the same old , same old : Tiger Woods and Phil Mickelson ?
Oh , Barnes and Duval got some camera time , but most of the oohs and aahs and all the loving cameos were reserved for Woods and Mickelson .
When Mickelson teed off and landed on the fairway yesterday morning , NBC's Peter Jacobsen set the tone for the day .
" Phil wants to make an early statement here , " Jacobsen gushed .
At the time , Mickelson was seven strokes off the lead .
And though Woods was even further behind , viewers got to see his every move , even when he was n't moving .
The other golfers were pretty much afterthoughts .
At one point , announcer Dan Hicks asked , `` Where is Mike Weir ? " when cameras showed him in deep rough .
How he got there was a mystery .
At the time , Weir was in third place .
While Barnes and Duval eventually got their share of coverage , they could n't match Woods and Mickelson in the fawning department .
When Woods finished his third round , 10 strokes behind Barnes , Jacobsen apparently decided that he , too , had sent a message .
" He 's within shouting distance , " Jacobsen said .
When Hicks mentioned Woods has never won a major after trailing heading into the final round , Jacobsen refused to back down .
" There 's always a first time , " he said .
The fawning continued after Mickelson finished the third round .
" What would it mean to you to come back now from this far , like you were , to win this championship ? " reporter Mark Rolfing asked him .
Mickelson , seven strokes behind at that point , looked flabbergasted .
" We 're jumping way ahead , " he said .
But not far enough for NBC , apparently .
Poor Barnes did n't get centre stage until the NBC - anointed favourites finished , even though he had the second - lowest 54 - hole total in U.S. Open history .
There 's no denying fans want to see Woods and Mickelson .
But there 's also no denying fans want to see good golf , and good golf stories , too .
The civilized person in each of us wants to be polite and kind to other people .
We tend to answer people when they ask us something , and do little things if someone asks ( i.e. , holding the door for someone , letting someone pull into traffic in front of us , etc. ) .
We 've also been trained to respect and obey " authority . "
So when someone in " law enforcement " asks someone a question , or asks to be allowed to check something , or search somewhere , most people instantly and unthinkingly comply .
After all , if you 're one of the good guys , why would n't you cooperate with the police ?
Well , I 'm here to tell you , good people have an obligation to refuse to " cooperate " with authoritarians , as much as possible , even when " cooperating " would be easy and apparently harmless , and even when refusing to cooperate feels rude and pointless .
The reason for this is simple .
Whatever intrusions , interrogations , stops , searches , and other inconveniences you will voluntarily submit yourself to , you are implicitly telling the thugs posing as " authority " that they have the right to demand such things of you .
And when everyone does that , the police start expecting it , and start seeing it as criminal when someone does not " volunteer " to be harassed , detained , interrogated and searched .
( Go to any airport in the country if you need proof of that . )
Consider the occasional random traffic stops that are done across the country ( including right in front of my house ) .
The cops stop everyone , ask if they 've been drinking , where they 're going , and some other things , and shine a flashlight around in their cars to look for possible evidence of crime .
Just about everyone quietly submits , thinking that 's what a good person would do .
It 's not .
Politely cooperating amounts to giving your blessing to the thugs of " authority " stomping on the Fourth and Fifth amendments .
When their victims do n't resist , or do n't at least politely object , it teaches the state 's mercenaries that treating people like that is perfectly fine , and teaches them that anyone who does not like to be treated like a criminal must be a criminal .
( How 's that for ironic ? )
In case you think that 's an exaggeration , consider the fact that the federal fascists , in their own memos , have listed the following as possible indications that someone is a domestic terrorist : the person might " request authority for [ a police ] stop , " or might " make numerous references to [ the ] U.S. Constitution , " or might " attempt to ' police the police ' . "
Here is the FBI 's own memo saying that :
http://www.infowars.com/Images/fbi_flyer2.jpg
So now asking why a cop stopped you , or invoking your Constitutional rights , or keeping an eye on the local cops to see if they 're behaving properly , are signs that you 're a criminal , or even a terrorist ?!
How did this country ever come to that ?
Simple .
With every new infringement on individual liberty , most people decided to quietly go along with it .
They thought it was the good thing to do .
As a result , the people have come to think like slaves , and their oppressors have come to think like slave - masters .
And every time you are polite and cooperative with someone in " law enforcement " when he is doing something unjustified and unconstitutional ( which is most of the time ) , you are adding to the problem .
Yes , you might make less trouble for yourselves today , but you are also building the police state that your kids are going to have to live in .
( Try asking some people who lived in 1940 's Germany whether , in the long run , quietly going along with whatever " law enforcement " said is really a good idea . )
If , on the other hand , you refuse to talk to those in " law enforcement , " refuse to consent to any search , demand to know why a cop stopped you , and what justification he has for inconveniencing you at all , it 's a safe bet that the cops wo n't like you .
They might even make trouble for you .
But they will also know , for all their thuggery and self - importance , that they are not your masters , and never will be .
Sure , they still have the ability to taser you , beat you up , even kill you .
The point is , if you grovel , say " yes , officer , " and comply with their every whim , they do n't need to do any of those other things , because you are already their slave .
So now asking why a cop stopped you , or invoking your Constitutional rights , or keeping an eye on the local cops to see if they 're behaving properly , are signs that you 're a criminal , or even a terrorist ?!
How did this country ever come to that ?
Simple .
With every new infringement on individual liberty , most people decided to quietly go along with it .
They thought it was the good thing to do .
As a result , the people have come to think like slaves , and their oppressors have come to think like slave - masters .
And every time you are polite and cooperative with someone in " law enforcement " when he is doing something unjustified and unconstitutional ( which is most of the time ) , you are adding to the problem .
Yes , you might make less trouble for yourselves today , but you are also building the police state that your kids are going to have to live in .
( Try asking some people who lived in 1940 's Germany whether , in the long run , quietly going along with whatever " law enforcement " said is really a good idea . )
If , on the other hand , you refuse to talk to those in " law enforcement , " refuse to consent to any search , demand to know why a cop stopped you , and what justification he has for inconveniencing you at all , it 's a safe bet that the cops wo n't like you .
They might even make trouble for you .
But they will also know , for all their thuggery and self - importance , that they are not your masters , and never will be .
Sure , they still have the ability to taser you , beat you up , even kill you .
The point is , if you grovel , say " yes , officer , " and comply with their every whim , they do n't need to do any of those other things , because you are already their slave .
And it 's a safe bet that if you do those things yourself , you are also training your children to be slaves as well .
If you would n't sell your kids into slavery , why would you donate them into slavery ?
If you 're too much of a coward to resist tyranny for your own sake , at least think of what you are training your children to be .
Instead of teaching them to unquestioningly bow to " authority , " I have a better idea : teach your kids that they own themselves , and that they are not the property of the state .
( For starters , you could have them read " The Iron Web . "
Researchers have discovered a fossilized face and jaw from a previously unknown hominoid primate genus in Spain dating to the Middle Miocene era , roughly 12 million years ago .
Nicknamed " Lluc , " the male bears a strikingly " modern " facial appearance with a flat face , rather than a protruding one .
The finding sheds important new light on the evolutionary development of hominids , including orangutans , chimpanzees , bonobos , gorillas and humans .
In a study appearing in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , Salvador Moyà - Solà , director of the Institut Català de Paleontologia ( ICP ) at the Universitat Autònoma de Barcelona , and colleagues present evidence for the new genus and species , dubbed Anoiapithecus brevirostris .
The scientific name is derived from the region where the fossil was found ( l ’ Anoia ) and also from its " modern " facial morphology , characterized by a very short face .
The research team at the ICP also includes collaborator David M. Alba , predoctoral researcher Sergio Almécija , postdoctoral researcher Isaac Casanovas , researcher Meike Köhler , postdoctoral researcher Soledad De Esteban , collaborator Josep M. Robles , curator Jordi Galindo , and predoctoral researcher Josep Fortuny .
Their findings are based on a partial cranium that preserves most of the face and the associated mandible .
The cranium was unearthed in 2004 in the fossil - rich area of Abocador de Can Mata ( els Hostalets de Pierola , l’Anoia , Barcelona ) , where remains of other fossilized hominid species have been found .
Preparing the fossil for study was a complicated process , due to the fragility of the remains .
But once the material was available for analysis , the results were surprising :
The specimen ( IPS43000 ) combined a set of features that , until now , had never been found in the fossil record .
Anoiapithecus displays a very modern facial morphology , with a muzzle prognathism ( i.e. , protrusion of the jaw ) so reduced that , within the family Hominidae , scientists can only find comparable values within the genus Homo , whereas the remaining great apes are notoriously more prognathic ( i.e. , having jaws that project forward markedly ) .
The extraordinary resemblance does not indicate that Anoiapithecus has any relationship with Homo , the researchers note .
However , the similarity might be a case of evolutionary convergence , where two species evolving separately share common features .
Lluc 's discovery may also hold an important clue to the geographical origin of the hominid family .
Some scientists have suspected that a group of primitive hominoids known as kenyapithecines ( recorded from the Middle Miocene of Africa and Eurasia ) might have been the ancestral group that all hominids came from .
The detailed morphological study of the cranial remains of Lluc showed that , together with the modern anatomical features of hominids ( e.g. , nasal aperture wide at the base , high zygomatic rood , deep palate ) , it displays a set of primitive features , such as thick dental enamel , teeth with globulous cusps , very robust mandible and very procumbent premaxilla .
These features characterize a group of primitive hominoids from the African Middle Miocene , known as afropithecids .
Interestingly , in addition to having a mixture of hominid and primitive afropithecid features , Lluc displays other characteristics , such as a very anterior position of the zygomatic , a very strong mandibular torus and , especially , a very reduced maxillary sinus .
These are features shared with kenyapithecines believed to have dispersed outside the African continent and colonized the Mediterranean region , by about 15 million years ago .
In other words , the researchers speculate , hominids might have originally radiated in Eurasia from kenyapithecine ancestors of African origin .
Later on , the ancestors of African great apes and humans would have dispersed again into Africa -- the so - called " into Africa " theory , which remains controversial .
However , the authors do not completely rule out the possibility that pongines ( orangutans and related forms ) and hominines ( African apes and humans ) separately evolved in Eurasia and Africa , respectively , from different kenyapithecine ancestors .
The project at els Hostalets de Pierola is continuing and , the researchers anticipate , more fossil remains will be found in the future that will provide key information to test their hypotheses .
Generally Speaking
POE is a Perl framework for writing reactive programs .
Cooperatively multitasked programs and networking programs are overlapping subsets of reactive programs .
POE implements a single API and bridges from it to other event loops .
A program using POE can run under any event loop that POE supports , with little or no modification .
Whitepaper
A whitepaper about POE is available in PDF format .
We have made versions in both [ US Letter ] and [ A4 ] paper sizes for your printing pleasure .
In Detail
POE implements an event dispatcher and one or more runtime task contexts , called sessions .
Sessions react to external events , the passage of time , and internal messages .
Sessions compartmentalize programs into functional units , and each multitasks cooperatively with others .
Applications may multiprocess by forking or threading at their discretion .
POE includes a high - level component architecture .
POE components are modular , reusable pieces of programs .
They perform common , often tedious tasks so programmers can work on more interesting things .
Anyone may write and publish POE components .
The CPAN contains a [ growing list ] of them .
Several POE components have been written to handle client , server , and peer networking tasks .
Because of them , POE has become a convenient and quick way to write multitasking network applications .
POE provides APIs at various levels of abstraction , each with a different trade - off between performance and convenience .
Higher level abstractions tend to be very convenient but perform worse because they are generic solutions .
Lower - level abstractions do less and are consequently faster and require more work .
Programs may mix code from every level of abstraction --- the higher level abstractions use the lower level ones internally .
POE natively supports graphical toolkits such as Tk , Gtk , Gtk2 , WxWindows .
It is the first , most mature , and sometimes only Perl framework to do so .
Articles & Tutorials
Recent articles are present on the front page .
Older articles appear in the list of past events .
Tutorials and other documentation are available as well .
Silliness
POE is a big wad of potential waiting for your kinetic .
It 's a mirror reflecting your ideas in code .
It 's the dingdong in shamalamadingdong .
It 's the hoho in hohoho , and at least one Po in PoCo .
It 's the freak in fries .
It 's a floor topping and a dessert wax .
It 's all these things and more , even Europa , and you may attempt a landing there .
" What does POE stand for ? " is a common question , and people have expanded the acronym in several ways .
Here 's an alphabetical list of the ones we 've heard , including a small number of dissenting opinions .
You may contribute your own to this wiki by following the links in the page footer .
Edgar Allan POE ... POEtry ... Panel Of Experts ... Parallel Object Executor ... Parcel Out Execution ... Parenthetically Over-Engineered ... Parity Of Evil ... Part Of Elephant ... Particles Of Eternity ... Party On , Ebenezer ... Passed Out from Excitement ... Pathetically Over-Engineered ... Peace On Earth ... People Of Earth ... Perfect Orange Eater ... Perfectly Oblique Eggplant ... Periodically Orbits Earth ... Perl Obfuscation Engine ... Perl Object Environment ... Perl Objects for Enterprises ... Perl Objects for Events ... Perl On Extasy ... Perl Operating Environment ... Perl Operator Extravaganza ... Perl Over Easy ... Perl Over Ethernet ... Perl Overdrive Engine ... Perl , Objects and Events ... Perl : Objectively Excellent ... Perlmud Offers Expansions ... Perpetual Orgone Energy ... Persistent Object Environment ... Persnickity Oblong Erudition ... Perversely Oriented Entities ... Philanthropic Organization Enterprises ... Physician Order Entry ... Piece Of Eden ... Piece
Of Eight ... Pigs , Owls , and Elephants ... Piles Of Eugh ... Pious Object Excelsior ... Piracy Over Ethernet ... Pissed Off Elephants ... Plain Old English ... Plastic Orbs Everywhere ... Platonic Object Engine ... Plenty Of Everything ... Plucky Object Engine ... Poe Oracle Environment ... Poe Organizes Everything ... Poe Over Earth ... Point Of Entry ... Polyolester ... Port of Embarkment ... Portal Of Evil ... Possibly Over-Engineered ... Post - Occupancy Evaluation ... Potatoes Of Eternity ... Potentially Omnipotent Entity ... Pow !
Oof ! Eek ! ... Power Operating Environment ... Power Over Ethernet ... Practical Over Extraction ... Practically Overengineered Environment ... Preponderance of Evidence ... Preserve Our Essences ... Pretty Obelisk , Excavated ... Pretty Obfuscation Engine ... Pretty Obtuse Engine ... Pretty Odd Environment ... Price Of Entity ... Princess On Ecstasy ... Probable Obese Elephant ... Product Of Experts ... Products Of Eccentricity ... Prognosis : Over -Engineered ... Program Office Estimate ... Programming Over Easy ... Proliferation Of Events ... Prolifically Over-Eaten ... Purity Of Essence ... Purveyor Of Everything ...
[ Acme : : POE : : Acronym : : Generator ] can help you come up with others .
Bacon , Yes It Is That Good , Commercial .
“ Vegetarian for Life ” my left foot !
________________________________________________________________________
Please remember to Subscribe , and Bookmark this so others can see it .
You can email / bookmark this post via this button - or these
The study found that governments are increasingly choosing laws that require people identify themselves , aided by new technologies such as radio - frequency identification ( RFID ) chips , which allow tracking of individual people and items .
(( Eckehard Schulz / Associated Press ) )
Laws in Canada and other countries are increasingly helping technology force people to identify themselves where they never had to before , threatening privacy that allows people to function effectively in society , a new study has found .
" What we 're starting to see is a move toward making people more and more identifiable , " University of Ottawa law professor Ian Kerr said Wednesday .
His comments followed the launch of Lessons from the Identity Trail : Anonymity , Privacy and Identity in a Networked Society , a book summing up the study 's findings , at a public reading in downtown Ottawa hosted jointly with the Privacy Commissioner of Canada .
Kerr led the study with University of Ottawa criminology professor Valerie Steeves .
They collaborated with 35 other researchers in Canada , the U.S. , the U.K. , the Netherlands and Italy .
The researchers reported that governments are choosing laws that require people to identify themselves and are lowering judicial thresholds defining when identity information must be disclosed to law enforcement officials .
That is allowing the wider use of new technologies capable of making people identifiable , including smartcards , security cameras , GPS , tracking cookies and DNA sequencing .
Consequently , governments and corporations are able to do things like :
Embrace technologies such as radio frequency identification tags that can be used to track people and merchandise to analyze behaviour .
Boost video surveillance in public places .
Pressure companies such as internet service providers to collect and maintain records of identification information about their customers .
While Canada , the U.K. , the Netherlands and Italy all have national laws protecting privacy – that is , laws that allow citizens to control access to their personal data – such legal protection does not exist for anonymity , Kerr said .
" Canada is quite similar [ to other countries ] with respect to anonymity .
Namely , it 's shrinking here just as it is there . "
Anonymity can protect privacy : researcher
University of Ottawa professors Valerie Steeves and Ian Kerr said anonymity helps protect privacy and privacy allows peoples to function effectively in different roles in society .
(( Emily Chung / CBC ) )
That is an issue , Kerr said in an interview , because anonymity is one method people can use to protect their privacy .
" I can stop people from collecting information or sharing it or using it if they do n't know it 's me . "
While that is n't always a good thing , anonymity may allow people to express their political views in countries that limit free expression or to talk about sensitive topics without fear of social reprisals , Kerr said .
" There are examples where it is of value , and … if the whole thing goes out the window , there 's a real concern there . "
For example , Kerr added , in the past when the internet was largely anonymous , people with AIDS could speak online with others who had the disease without fear that they would be identified and stigmatized .
Steeves said Canada 's existing privacy laws have done little to help Canada deal with other legal means that erode anonymity , such as anti-terrorism laws and regulations that allow companies such as Facebook to keep people 's personal data for long periods by wording their user agreements a certain way .
" Privacy allows us to play different social roles in different contexts , " she added .
For example , keeping her private life from her students is essential to allowing her to be an effective professor , she said .
For that reason , individual privacy needs to be balanced against the desires of business and government to be able to collect and analyze information for their own benefit .
" Technologies are being rolled out … that need to be more critically analyzed if we 're going to get that mix right , " Steeves said .
The researchers are releasing the book online in three installments over the next month under a Creative Commons licence , which allows the authors to share their work in a way that traditional copyright does not , but maintains certain conditions on the sharing .
Flash drives are n't quite a dime a dozen , but it 's pretty easy to amass a bunch of them in your office drawer .
This guide helps you turn them into software - packed giveaway drives .
Advertisement
Many readers were curious about the giveaway flash drives in my laptop bag .
Why give flash drives away ?
I found that despite only using a single flash drive , I had a drawer full of them in my office .
Between promotional give - aways , lost or abandoned drives with no identifying information , and friends tossing their old small drives my way , I had quite a pile of them .
Rather than let them rot into obsolescence , I pack them with software to give away to people .
Whenever someone sees me using my flash drive on my laptop to run all sorts of programs , or someone expresses interest in the kind of stuff we write at Lifehacker , I 've always got a few in my laptop bag to share .
Lifehacker Laptop Bags : Jason Fitzpatrick Edition Last week Kevin and Adam shared their laptop bags with you .
Today they said to either share mine , … Read more
Advertisement
My approach to creating the drives is to create mock drives on my main computer .
I have a folder for each of the smaller drive sizes , like 128MB , 256MB , and so on .
All files for that size flash drive are stored in the folder , ready to be copied onto a drive .
I aim to only use 50 % or less of the capacity of the drive .
This way the person who receives it wo n't have to clean house immediately to get some usable space for their own files .
The list below is arranged in order of drives from smallest to largest .
Each size includes the contents of the previous size , so Firefox , for instance , is on every drive size even though it only appears under 128 MB ; the largest drives contains everything on this list .
I include applications based on one of two reasons :
Either the application is one I use on a daily basis and love ( like Firefox and Everything ) , or the application is good enough for me to recommend it , even though I do n't use it on a daily basis ( such as Thunderbird ) .
Every drive includes , in addition to the software listed below , a readme file with a basic explanation of the software 's functionality and a link to the software 's website .
Without further delay , the lists !
128 MB Drives
256MB Drives
Advertisement
512MB + Drives
If you have a suggestion for an addition to the list of portable apps I include on my giveaway drives , sound off in the comments below ; I 'll try the software out and consider adding it to my next batch of giveaway drives .
I ’ve even tried new fields .
I was accepted into a training program for the Postal Service last year , but it did n’t work out .
On the last day of the driving test , I hit a parking cone and was fired on the spot .
I can try again , but I have to wait a year to retake the written test and then hope I ’m chosen for the driving test .
I also tried an insurance company but that did n’t work out , either .
It ’s very discouraging .
Life seems smaller living day - to - day like this .
Sometimes it feels like the best part of my life is over .
The worst part of the day is when I wake up to the same old thing .
Some people might like the lack of structure , but it gets old .
Having a job gives you a purpose ; not having one makes me feel like I ’m not part of the world .
I miss the interaction with other people .
I joined Facebook about a month ago and have reconnected with friends from high school and college , which has lifted my spirits .
Some people have left their phone numbers , and I ’ve started calling .
I ’ve talked to about 10 old friends and acquaintances .
The first thing they usually ask is what I ’m doing now .
I just say I ’m still kind of in the mortgage business .
I ’ve told one person that I ’m not working and I ’ve moved back in with my parents , but I try to skip over that fact with everyone else .
I just want to get past the subject and move on .
It ’s not something people need to know .
If someone else is out of work , I tell them to hang in there .
I ’M still hoping that the mortgage business will take off again .
I ’m talking to a couple of mortgage companies about working for them .
F.H.A. loans were my bread and butter , and people seem interested in refinancing their homes lately , so I ’m optimistic .
Our elected officials are trying to fix this mess , and Congress may come through with some helpful programs .
It ’s scary , but it ’s out of my control .
I ’m trying to be philosophical .
I never saw this recession coming .
I made great money when times were good , but I spent a lot .
I helped my family buy the house I ’m living in , and I was n’t a good investor .
When the economy comes back , I ’m going to be a smarter investor .
My mother , who is in her 60s , has been so patient and supportive .
She acts like she ’s happy to have us , not like we ’re crowding her or that she minds the dogs .
We have learned what ’s important since I ’ve been living here .
NEW YORK — Glenn
Beck is dressed to kill .
His show on Fox News hits in about an hour , and he ’s ready in black suit , pink shirt , maroon tie — and black Converse Chuck Taylor high - top sneakers , no laces .
The Chucks , like Beck himself , are upmarket with a dash of irreverence .
Depending on who ’s talking , Beck , 45 , is a hero , maniac , lightning rod .
He calls himself “ a guy on the radio bus . ”
That bumpy ride took him through Philadelphia and WPHT - AM , where he honed his skills , built a national audience , and — gasp — made the transition to cable - TV stardom .
Now he sits near the top of the cable universe .
No. 3 , to be exact .
“ The Glenn Beck Program ” ( which airs at 2 p.m. weekdays in the Bay Area ) started only in January and is now the third - leading cable news show , behind Fox stablemates Bill O’Reilly and Sean Hannity — and third among all cable shows in its time period .
And tonight , his comedy - oriented concert show — “ Glenn Beck ’s Common Sense Tour ” — will be shown live from Kansas City in movie theaters across much of the country .
( On the West Coast , the show will be tape - delayed . )
It all began in Mount Vernon , Wash .
“ My mom gave me one of the ‘ Golden Age of Radio ’ albums , ” Beck says , adding that he still has the album .
The little boy was enchanted , and he started appearing on local radio soon after .
It ’s been a long , hard ride on the radio bus .
When Beck was 13 , his mother lost her battle with depression and committed suicide .
A brother would do the same ; Beck and his father would become estranged .
The radio bus wound through Provo , Utah ; Baltimore ; Houston ; Phoenix ; Washington .
By the mid-1990s , he was close to the bottom .
“ I came from an alcoholic background and became an alcoholic , ” he says .
“ I burnt every bridge I had , including my first marriage . ”
The radio bus stopped at Alcoholics Anonymous .
When he remarried , his wife told him : “ We need a church . ”
“ So we did the American thing , ” Beck says .
“ We shopped for a church . ”
In 1999 , he and his family became members of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints .
Beck was fresh from converting an 18th - place time slot down in Tampa , Fla. , to a market leader , fresh from syndicating “ The Glenn Beck Program ” nationally , when he came to Philadelphia ’s WPHT in 2002 .
In 2006 , when he began a TV gig on CNN , he relocated the show to New York , and he now lives in New Canaan , Conn .
On set , you see close up that Beck ’s energy has found a home .
Inescapable is how loud he talks on camera .
His manner is conversational — yet his volume reverberates throughout the set .
Somehow , it not only works — it cranks .
He ’s famous for shouting , weeping , for that sense of an emotional volcano just beneath the surface , about to blow .
He begins a recent show , as always , with a high - energy shout - out to viewers : “ If you believe this country is great , but there ’s too much talk about change , and not enough action , or maybe too much change in a direction you were n’t expecting , declare yourself a 9/12 - er , and come on , follow me . ”
With that , Beck strides to his desk .
Once there , he reviews what “ the mainstream media ” are covering .
He jokes , speaks in dozens of character voices , makes faces ( priceless faces ) , gestures .
Sitting but not sitting still , he reviews the ill - advised New York flyover of Air Force One ; the party switch of Sen.
Arlen Specter , called “ Spectator ” and imitated in a gruff , old - guy voice ; President Obama ’s health - care plan ( he simpers : “ We ’re gonna change the world ” ) .
In his office , Beck says , “ It ’s really … entrepreneurial around here .
I ’m on my own .
We live and die by the ratings . ”
He says that he was a “ reluctant ” voter for George Bush in 2000 but that “ he had me at 9/11 . ”
Yet Beck started to “ sour hard ” on Bush because of what he said were government interference in private life , surrender of personal liberties and huge , heedless deficits .
Asked why Beck ’s show prospers , Eric Boehlert , senior fellow at Media Matters for America , says : “ Hate sells .
If you talk hate , you can find 2 million people to watch you , especially if it ’s right - wing hate . ”
But Al Tompkins , group leader for broadcasting and online at the Poynter Institute , is less worried : “ We have a long tradition of partisan media in America .
And I think there ’s a place for all of those voices in the spectrum of conversation .
That ’s good for democracy .
But it ’s not journalism . ”
Beck agrees : “ I like the word ‘ opinionator ’ — but I ’ll take ‘ entertainer . ’
Nothing wrong with that .
In every alcoholic family , one of the kids is a distractor , and that ’s what I was .
The entertainment part is me .
That ’s how I ’ve always dealt with everything in my life . ”
Ticketmaster Entertainment Inc. and its TicketsNow resale service have been sued by a customer who claims the companies impose “ grossly inflated ” prices for concerts .
New Jersey resident Michael Kelly claims that Ticketmaster earns “ significantly higher ” commissions in the secondary market through TicketsNow , according to his lawsuit in federal court in Newark , N.J .
On Jan. 24 , Kelly used Ticketmaster to buy four Grateful Dead tickets with a face value of $ 398 and was routed to the TicketsNow website , which charged him $ 829.15 for seats to an April 25 show , the complaint alleges .
“ Within literally moments of tickets going on sale by Ticketmaster , and often less than one minute later for high - demand events , those tickets are being offered for resale in the secondary market by TicketsNow at greatly inflated prices , ” according to the May 11 complaint , which seeks group or class - action status .
The complaint came more than a month after Ticketmaster said it got subpoenas and demands for sworn information from the Justice Department and Federal Trade Commission , Canada ’s Competition Bureau and New Jersey ’s attorney general for information about its agreements with ticket resellers .
Hannah Kampf , a spokeswoman for Ticketmaster , based in West Hollywood , Calif. , did n’t immediately return a call seeking comment .
The company is the world ’s largest ticket seller .
The company reached an agreement with New Jersey in February to offer as many 2,000 Bruce Springsteen tickets to two May concerts after fans complained about being steered to TicketsNow .
You can fall in love at first sight with a place as with a person , that cloud happen when you visit The Grand Canyon , in Arizona .
The Grand Canyon is more than a great chasm carved over millennium through the rocks of the Colorado Plateau .
It is more than an awe - inspiring view .
It is more than a pleasuring ground for those that explore the roads , hike the trails , or float the currents of the turbulent Colorado River .
The Grand Canyon is not the largest , not the broadest , not the deepest gorge in the world , but it is definitely the most spectacular .
Enjoy in outstanding pictures of Grand Canyon landscape .
As the shadows lengthen across the spires and buttes , time passing into the depths of the canyon , understand what this great chasm passes to us – a sense of humility born in the interconnections of all that is and a willingness to care for this land .
We have the responsibility to ensure that future generations have the opportunity to form their own connections with Grand Canyon National Park .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
A 250 m - long crop circle of a jellyfish has appeared on farmland .
The owners of the land in Oxfordshire have urged visitors to stay away from the circle , which is also 60 m ( 197ft ) wide , to avoid further crop damage .
Sally Ann Spence and husband Bill , who own Berry Croft Farm near Ashbury , said hundreds of visitors have been trampling over their field .
They said it was " beautiful " but the flattened crops were now " useless " and the damage would cost about £ 600 .
" We have not given permission for people to walk on our land , " Mrs Spence said .
" The pattern has already cost a great deal of damage - possibly about £ 600 .
" People can get a better view from the air . "
She said she was not concerned about tracking down the culprits and the incident has not been reported to the police .
It is not the first time crop circles have appeared on their land , they said , but the jellyfish is one of the most spectacular .
Correction : Mrs Spence inadvertently provided a figure of £ 600,000 , rather than £ 600 , for the damage caused , which was used in an earlier version of this story .
TEHRAN ( Press TV ) -- New Delhi has suspended all arms trade with Tel Aviv after blacklisting Israel Military Industries ( IMI ) over corruption allegations .
The Indian government says the contracts were halted for alleged ' illicit trading and bribery ' .
Arms deals with six other companies -- from Poland , Singapore as well as India -- were also suspended .
The move , which came after the former head of India 's Ordnance Factory Board ( OFB ) Sudipto Ghosh was arrested on corruption charges , puts billions of dollars worth of defense contracts at risk .
Ghosh is accused of receiving bribes from the arms manufacturers to favor them in arms purchase projects with OFB .
IMI had signed a $ 24 million contract with OFB under which it was about to set up an ordnance complex of five plants in northern India to manufacture 155 mm Bi-Modular Charge Systems ( BMCS ) and other propellant charges for heavy caliber artillery ammunition for the army .
Arms trading between New Delhi and Tel Aviv , which is India 's second biggest arm supplier after Russia , dates back to early 1990s , so far they have inked deals amounting to $ 8 billion .
Last month , India received the first of three Airborne Warning and Control System ( AWACS ) planes from Israel it purchased for $ 1.1 billion in 2004 .
Synchronize Tomboy Notes with Dropbox
One of my absolute favorite online services of the past year is Dropbox .
It ’s a very easy to use service that integrates with your Linux , Mac and Windows desktops and allows you to sync files across computers ( among other things ) .
Think of it as a big USB flash drive in the sky .
Not only is it useful for storing daily documents and sharing files with friends , it can also be quite useful for keeping your application settings in sync across computers .
One example is syncing Tomboy notes across computers .
Tomboy is an extremly handly note taking application for Linux , but I always found it annoying that it was so hard to sync across machines .
With Dropbox , it ’s amazingly simple .
If you ’re not already a Dropbox user , sign up at Dropbox .
Once you have the software installed , you should have a folder in your home directory called “ Dropbox ” .
All of the files in this directory will automatically be synced with Dropbox and with other computers where you install the application .
Now that Dropbox is installed , just create a folder called “ tomboy ” ( or whatever you like ) inside your “ Dropbox ” directory .
Now in your Tomboy prefernces , click on the Synchronization tab and choose “ Local Folder ” and browse to your “ tomboy ” folder .
To syncronize your notes , simply click “ Tools ” and “ Syncronize Notes ” at the top of any Tomboy note … and that ’s it !
Repeat these steps for all your other computers and you ’ll have fully syncronized Tomboy Notes on all your machines .
This also protects against accidentally loosing your notes if something happens to your computers , you ’ll always have a copy saved at Dropbox .
With growing populations causing a continual rise in water demands , using less water and using it wisely has never been more important .
The water issue is local as well as global ; by implementing a few simple practices you can significantly reduce your water consumption and help to conserve one of your most precious natural resources .
Indoor Water Saving Tips
Replace older toilets with high efficiency ones .
Have showers instead of baths .
Install showerheads that use no more than 2.5 gallons of water per minute .
When you shower , first wet your body , then turn off the water as you apply soap .
Then turn on the water to rinse the soap off again .
Turn off the tap when you brush your teeth , use water only to rinse and gargle .
Wash your fruits and vegetables in a bowl of water rather than under a running tap .
Fix leaky faucets in your kitchen and bathroom .
Run your clothes washer and dishwasher only when they are full .
Photo by shaferlens .
Outdoor Water Saving Tips
When you water your backyard , use more water to go deeper each time so that you do not have to water the backyard as often .
Use drip irrigation in your backyard if possible .
Select plants that adapt to a Mediterranean climate .
Apply mulch to gardens to maintain moisture in the soil .
Adjust your sprinklers so only your lawn is watered and not the house , sidewalk , or street .
Water your lawn and garden in the morning or evening when temperatures are cooler to minimize evaporation .
LOS ANGELES ( Reuters ) - The Los Angeles Lakers need only one more win to capture a 15th National Basketball Association Championship , but some city officials are already saying they can’t afford to throw the team a victory party .
Los Angeles Lakers Derek Fisher ( R ) shakes hands with teammate Kobe Bryant after Fisher hit a three - point shot in overtime during Game 4 of their NBA Finals basketball game against the Orlando Magic in Orlando , Florida , June 11 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Hans Deryk
The Lakers have taken a 3 - 1 lead in their best - of - seven series against the Orlando Magic and will clinch the championship if they win again on Sunday night , setting the stage for a triumphal parade through downtown Los Angeles as early as Tuesday .
But such a celebration could cost the city $ 1 million or more at a time when city leaders , faced with a deep budget deficit , were contemplating worker layoffs and cuts in services .
“ We ca n’t afford to cover the costs , ” City Councilwoman Jan Perry told the Los Angeles Times .
“ How could we make a decision about people ’s jobs and then sponsor the parade ? ”
Barbara Maynard , a spokeswoman for the city ’s employee unions , agreed , telling the paper : “ We do not believe its appropriate in this economic climate for taxpayers to be funding a parade . ”
But Councilman Bernard Parks said he expected the city to throw the parade and pick up the tab .
“ There ’s going to be a major celebration in the city and the likelihood is the city is going to absorb the bulk of those costs , ” he said .
“ The city is n’t going to have time over the next few hours to negotiate a contract with the Lakers or anyone else . ”
Meanwhile police officials said they were prepared in case the Lakers win and the victory prompts hooliganism or vandalism , as had happened in the past .
Following last Thursday ’s Lakers win over the Magic , a group stormed into an east Los Angeles intersection and vandalized cars .
“ Fans , having a good time does n’t mean hurting people , ” Los Angeles County Sheriff Lee Baca said .
“ The Lakers are a sports team , not some kind of a destructive force .
And therefore celebrate and enjoy but do n’t commit and violence . ”
I tend to think I 'm a decently fair observer of politics .
But one thing I 've never had patience for is Republicans who don the cloak of fiscal conservatism and then threaten to light themselves on fire when military spending increases by too little -- much less go down .
Maybe that 's why I really appreciate this rhetorical MOAB from the voluble Rep. Barney Frank on paying for the F - 22 :
These arguments will come from the very people who denied that the economic recovery plan created any jobs .
We have a very odd economic philosophy in Washington :
It 's called weaponized Keynesianism .
It is the view that the government does not create jobs when it funds the building of bridges or important research or retrains workers , but when it builds airplanes that are never going to be used in combat , that is of course economic salvation .
( ht Krugman )
The Major Players Who Is Winning the Arctic Game of Monopoly ?
There are five states competing for control of the Arctic 's oil and gas reserves , with Russia leading the pack .
The US looks likely to remain on the sidelines , but what opportunities will the natural resource grab present for Canada , Norway and Greenland ?
BECAUSE so many Muslim men have their first sexual encounters with other males , they are inclined to bugger their wives out of ignorance , says Wedad Lootah , who has caused outrage in the Middle East with a frank book entitled Top Secret : Sexual Guidance for Married Couples .
In her book , published earlier this year , the Dubai marriage counselor celebrates the female orgasm , confronts taboo topics in Islam like homosexuality , and urges Arabs to transcend the backward traditions that limit their sexual happiness .
According to the New York Times , the book has drawn praise from some liberals and death threats from conservatives , who say she is guilty of blasphemy or worse .
Said Ms Lootah :
People have said I was crazy , that I was straying from Islam , that I should be killed .
Even my family ask why I must talk about this .
I say : â€ ˜These problems happen every day and should not be ignored .
This is the reality we are living ’.
She is not a liberal by Western standards .
One of the themes of her book is the danger of anal sex and homosexuality generally , not because of AIDS but because they are banned by the Koran .
But her openness about the issue was itself a shock to many .
In Saudi Arabia and other countries where the genders are rigorously separated , many men have their first sexual experiences with other men , which affects their attitudes toward sex in marriage , Ms. Lootah said .
Many men who had anal sex with men before marriage want the same thing with their wives , because they do n’t know anything else .
This is one reason we need sex education in our schools .
She is also emphatic about the importance of female sexual pleasure , and the inequity of many Arab marriages in that respect .
One of the cases that impelled her to write the book , she said , was a 52 - year - old client who had grandchildren but had never known sexual pleasure with her husband .
Finally , she discovered orgasm !
Imagine , all that time she did not know .
Publishing the book , she notes , was a difficult choice .
Her father supported her , but other family members sometimes wondered why she had to be so public about it all .
After it was published a man called her office phone and threatened to kill her .
Other threats appeared on the Internet .
She brushes them off , saying she has declined an offer of protection from the government .
Besides , she adds , educating the public is worth the risk .
Total state spending as a share of national income is always one of the most informative statistics about the political economy of any society .
It is the best single indicator of the balance between the public and private economies , and – in most modern western economies – the size of the welfare state .
The one difficulty with it is that it provides just a little too much information , combining information on the overall size of the economy with the state in a single statistics .
That can make it hard to interpret .
In the early 1980s , for instance , the state 's share in the economy surged – not , of course , because of Mrs Thatcher 's largesse , but because manufacturing and the rest of the private sector was taking such a battering .
To some extent the contemporary spike in the series is another reflection of the private sector 's constraction .
But as my description of the path of this series under new Labour explains , there is more to it than that – in particular it comes at the end of a decade of proactive and expansionary social policies .
Projecting the series forward , however – using data from the budget red book for the years up to 2013 / 14 and then imposing our own extrapolations based on the chancellor 's assumptions about when the books will come back into balance – we can see that the series is set to take a nose dive in the years ahead .
DATA : spending as % of gross domestic product
GRAPHIC : how we visualised this data
• Can you do something with this data ?
Please post us your visualisations and mash - ups below or mail us at datastore@theguardian.com
See all our data at the Datastore directory
• Follow us on Twitter
Brad DeLong lists three possible explanations for the Obama administration ’s bank policy , and expresses angst that officials do n’t seem to be clear about what they ’re actually up to .
Matthew Yglesias points out that the president seemed to offer a fourth narrative yesterday .
I ’d add that in the past we ’ve heard yet another narrative — that we ca n’t imitate Sweden because we have too many banks — that happens to be all wrong .
Can I say that this very proliferation of narratives is disturbing ?
I do n’t want to claim moral equivalence with the Bushies , who were utterly cynical about such things , but the ever - shifting rationales for an unchanging policy do bring back unhappy memories of the selling of the 2001 tax cut , and for that matter — again , no moral equivalence ! — of the selling of the Iraq War .
Der Präsident des Bundesverfassungsgerichts , Hans - Jürgen Papier , hofft , dass Karlsruhe künftig weniger mit der Korrektur überbordender Sicherheits - und Überwachungsgesetze beschäftigt sein wird .
Die Rechtsprechung der letzten Jahre etwa zu heimlichen Online - Durchsuchungen oder zum Kfz - Kennzeichenscanning " hat eine gewisse Linie vorgezeichnet " , die für die künftige Gesetzgebung eine gewisse Leitfunktion haben werde , gab der führende Jurist seinen Erwartungen an die Politik am gestrigen Donnerstagabend bei einem " Verfassungsgespräch " zum 60 .
Geburtstag des Grundgesetzes im Bundestag Ausdruck .
Zuvor hatte er moniert , dass es beim Versuch der neuen Austarierung des Spannungsverhältnisses zwischen Sicherheit und Freiheit nach dem 11 .
September eine " zu starke Verschiebung zu Lasten der Freiheit " gegeben habe .
Das Bundesverfassungsgericht habe sich daher – angerufen von etlichen Bürgern – wiederholt einschalten müssen , erläuterte Papier die rund 40 vorgenommenen Gesetzeskorrekturen allein in den vergangenen fünf Jahren .
Dabei habe es nicht neue Kontroll - oder Eingriffsinstrumente wie Online - Durchsuchungen oder Rasterfahndungen an sich getadelt , sondern deren konkrete Ausführung in den beanstandeten Gesetzen .
Diese seien zu weit formuliert oder nicht verhältnismäßig gewesen .
Vielfach sei auch der Kernbereich privater Lebensgestaltung , den Karlsruhe im Urteil zum großen Lauschangriff umriss , nicht ausreichend geschützt worden .
Wenig glücklich zeigte sich Papier zugleich mit den zum Teil " geschwätzigen " Änderungen , die der Gesetzgeber jeweils mit Zweidrittelmehrheit am Grundgesetz vorgenommen hat .
Die Zahl von etwa über 50 förmlichen Modifikationen in 60 Jahren an sich sei zwar nicht übermäßig hoch .
Jede Verfassung müsse sich auch fragen lassen , ob sie mit den gesellschaftlichen Entwicklungen Schritt hält , ohne aber dem Zeitgeist zu huldigen .
Bei der Änderung von Artikel 13 etwa zur Aufweichung der Unverletzlichkeit der Wohnung für deren akustische Überwachung sei der Gesetzgeber aber " sehr ins Detail gegangen " und habe die Linie der Klarheit und Kürze der Verfassung verlassen .
" Ganz entscheidende Veränderungen " am Gehalt des Grundgesetzes habe dagegen das Bundesverfassungsgericht selbst mit der Anpassung an technologische Entwicklungen mit dem Abstecken der Grundrechte auf informationelle Selbstbestimmung und auf die Gewährleistung der Vertrauenswürdigkeit und Integrität informationstechnischer Systeme bewirkt .
Bundesinnenminister Wolfgang Schäuble , der in der Vergangenheit die Rechtsprechung aus Karlsruhe wiederholt als zu weitgehend gerügt hatte , betonte , dass er ein großer Anhänger der Verfassung sei .
" Ich habe auch Vertrauen zum Verfassungsgericht " , ergänzte der CDU - Politiker zur Feier des Tages .
So nehme die Politik " jedes Urteil sehr ernst " und versuche , aus den erteilten Rügen zu lernen .
Bei den beanstandeten Gesetzen habe es sich aber fast ausschließlich um Landesgesetze gehandelt .
Der Bund habe im Sicherheitsbereich allein eine einstweilige einschränkende Anordnung im Rahmen der Umsetzung der EU - Richtlinie zur Vorratsdatenspeicherung erhalten .
Da warte Berlin nun " geduldig , aber in großer Hoffnung " auf eine endgültige Entscheidung aus Karlsruhe .
Für Schäubles Kollegin im Justizressort , Brigitte Zypries , weicht der Verfassungstext in mancherlei Hinsicht inzwischen zu sehr vom Verfassungsrecht ab .
Die SPD - Politikerin plädierte so mittelfristig etwa für eine ausdrückliche Aufnahme des informationellen Selbstbestimmungsrechts ins Grundgesetz .
Neben dem Datenschutz fehle es diesem an klaren Ausformulierungen der Rechte von Kindern oder homosexuellen Partnerschaften .
Allgemein verwies die frühere Präsidentin des Bundesverfassungsgerichts , Jutta Limbach , auf die große Rolle , die das Grundgesetz bei der Unterstützung " wehrhafter Bürger " gerade in Krisensituationen einnehme : " Es verleiht wirklich Freiheitsrechte , die stabil sind . "
Dies sei in den Köpfen und Herzen der Bürger angekommen .
Die Einschränkungen etwa von Artikel 13 dürfe man daher nicht als " Sprachästhetik " beschreiben , vielmehr würdne damit " politische Spielräume eingeengt " .
Der frühere Stasi- Unterlagenbeauftragte Joachim Gauck lobte die Verfassung als " sehr stabile Basis für die Bürgerrechte " , auf die er stolz sei .
Das Grundgesetz beschreibe eine Ordnung der Freiheit , auf der die Menschenwürde beruhe .
Dies sei das Umfeld für die Wurzeln der Demokratie .
Sorge getragen werde müsse aber , dass " bei mehr Europa nicht weniger Rechtsstaatlichkeit " herauskomme , bemängelte er hierzulande nur schwer von Karlsruhe zu prüfende Vorgaben aus Brüssel .
( Stefan Krempl ) / ( jk )
Dries Buytaert on the Future of Open Source
by Ostatic Staff - Feb. 25 , 2009
Dries Buytaert is the founder and lead of the open source Drupal content management system , which OStatic and many other web sites are based on .
He 's also the co-founder of Acquia , which offers a commercially supported version of Drupal .
Dries is one of the more respected pundits in open source , and we invited him to submit a guest post here at OStatic delivering his thoughts on the future of open source .
You 'll find his thought - provoking essay here , where he discusses eliminating middlemen , and much more .
( Disclosure : Acquia is a sponsor of OStatic . )
Bringing the Power of Open Source to Everyone
By Dries Buytaert
Adoption and usage of open source software is changing .
Traditionally , most open source software has been used as part of corporate IT infrastructure .
Relegated to data centers , technologies such as Linux , Apache , JBoss , and MySQL have been used on servers , hidden from ordinary people .
Users of open source were technical by nature and despite very large developer communities ; this has not been software for the “ masses . ”
However , this landscape is changing very rapidly .
Today , Mozilla Firefox has grabbed 20 percent of the worldwide browser market and technologies like Ubuntu and OpenOffice are gaining footholds .
Open source projects like Drupal , WordPress and countless others are powering our web experience more than most people recognize .
The average person has no idea how much open source software he or she actually touches , often indirectly , in an average day .
There is no reason open source software should be limited to technical users .
For a few years now , I ’ve been talking about eliminating the middlemen on the web .
We have already eliminated the web master .
When was the last time you hired a web master to hand - craft your website and content using XHTML and CSS ?
Today , content creators can input , format and publish their own content themselves .
The web master role that we used to know is dead .
Publishing tools and content management systems , like Drupal , replaced them .
Killed by technology , replaced by scripts .
Next is to eliminate the web developer and to make online publishing even more accessible .
At Acquia , our goal is to provide anyone who wants to build a website the tools they need to build the website they want .
No restrictions .
This vision is more than say , building a page on Facebook .
Applications like Facebook and WordPress are great examples of how web technology can be made more approachable and the impact it can have on many people 's lives , but they still impose constraints when building a website .
Everyone should be able to build any website at any time , meaning it should n't require specialized training or skills .
The values of open source are key to this vision .
Because Drupal is open source , Drupal is built by thousands of developers from all over the world -- they all bring a piece to the table , making Drupal a great common platform .
It is not about building one specific tool , it is about building a platform , a platform that becomes more rich and powerful thanks to thousands of people that contribute on a daily basis .
The Drupal community is working hard to make website building simpler , more intuitive and less intimidating , while at the same time providing site builders all the flexibility they need .
We have a lot of work to do , but I believe that Drupal will be the dominant platform to build websites , and that , like more and more open source applications , it will be accessible to everyone .
This is our vision of open source ’s future – what ’s yours ?
Take a moment to fill out the Future of Open Source survey and share your perspective .
( Click here to take the survey . )
The results will be announced at the Open Source Business Conference ( OSBC ) on March 24th –25th at the Palace Hotel in San Francisco , CA .
This time of year , many people collect canned food to take to homeless shelters and the like , so that poor folks can enjoy their Thanksgiving dinner too .
As if lugging some expired cans that you have n’t eaten across town to give to homeless people is some grand gesture .
This year , apparently the food drives are being extended to Walmart employees who ca n’t afford a Turkey on their wages , but they ’ll likely be working that day anyways .
We do n’t know what it is that possesses people to just randomly stick supposed food items into cans .
Maybe it ’s that whole convenience thing , or maybe it ’s that age - old belief that canned edibles are somehow fresher or better tasting , or maybe it ’s just the wanton desire to see what kind of bizarrely arbitrary shit can potentially receive the canning treatment .
Evidently people do n’t understand that once the food is canned , it ’s essentially pasteurized ( that is to say , ‘ cooked ’ ) within it ’s metallic tomb thereby rendering it fully consumable right after opening .
Yeah , well , that ’s just wrong .
We can see veggies and fruit ( hey , that ’s yummy ) , and sure , various sea-faring critters ( tuna , hell yeah ) and soups and broths and whatnot , but these twelve completely ridiculous items are just so very wrong .
Fish Assholes
Are you kidding me ?
What the hell is going on here ?
What I do know is that you can find this stuff right down the street from where I live in a little ‘ Country Store ’ called Stillwaters .
Now I have been unable thus far to actually find out what ’s really behind this label , but I suspect something far more innocuous .
Canned Alligator
From what I understand ( though I have not personally been privy ) alligator meat is quite delicious and rather healthy .
However , since this swill is in a can , I have my doubts .
Canned Brown Bread
According to the Vermont Country Store web site , you can , potentially : “ Serve right out of the can or toast , bake , or microwave it , ” and that it comes plain or with raisins .
I think I just threw up in my mouth a little .
Pork Brains in a Can
Also it ’s in milk gravy .
Sweet , sweet Jesus .
Can O’ Grasshoppers
Yes , I ’m aware this product is more than likely made for pets like lizards and other reptiles , but you ca n’t honestly tell me no one on this planet wo n’t eat grasshoppers , canned or otherwise .
I ’m sure they ’re chock full of protein or something .
All Day Breakfast
If I understand the theory here in this nightmare , the containments are supposed to provide you with a load of energy for your shift , I do n’t know , in the Amazon Rain Forest .
But , and I can’t stress this enough , there are eggs in here .
Eggs .
Canned Stewed Pork
Nothing inherently wrong with this I guess .
I ’d imagine it not too far from a Spam - like meat product .
Or I suppose it could look like gelatinous pig boogers .
Wait , that is Spam .
Never mind .
Lamb Tongues in a Can
Well thank goodness for that , because we all know how difficult it can be to get a hold of fresh lamb tongues , am I right ladies ?
Reindeer
Apparently quite popular in Scandinavian countries and at least one state , Alaska , reindeer meat is quite hearty and can provide a necessary and healthy boost while dog-sledding through Arctic wastelands .
I ’ve got six or seven cans right now in my rucksack .
Canned Hamburger
Nothing satisfies like a big , delicious hamburger .
Conversely , this abomination is an affront to Freedom and the American Way , including possibly Christianity , too .
Fully - cooked , hamburger - shaped patties in a can .
Ready to eat .
Or , just chuck ’em right in the toilet .
Silkworm Pupae
This , friends , is what the End of Days looks like .
Canned Whole Chicken
I rescind my former statement .
This is every meal in Hell .
Mark my words .
A story last week in the Telegraph , a British paper , describes how the city of Flint , Mich. , a former industrial powerhouse now facing depopulation and plummeting home values , is dealing with vacant housing .
The solution ?
Bulldoze entire districts , returning the land to nature , and concentrate the population in the urban core .
The Telegraph's Tom Leonard reports that the idea is the brainchild of Dan Kildee , treasurer of Genesee County , which includes Flint .
He said : " The obsession with growth is sadly a very American thing .
Across the US , there 's an assumption that all development is good , that if communities are growing they are successful .
If they 're shrinking , they 're failing . "
But some Flint dustcarts are collecting just one rubbish bag a week , roads are decaying , police are very understaffed and there were simply too few people to pay for services , he said .
If the city did n't downsize it will eventually go bankrupt , he added .
The article reports that the city has already demolished 1,100 abandoned homes , and that Mr. Kildee estimates that another 3,000 will need to come down .
Overall , local officials believe that the city will need to contract its area
Additionally , the city is buying up homes in upscale neighborhoods , which it will offer to people living in areas that it wants to demolish .
But nobody will be forced to move , according to Kildee .
Kildee met with Barack Obama during his presidential campaign , and has been approached by the government to look into applying his strategy to other Rust Belt cities ( prompting the Drudge Report to link to the story with the headline , " OBAMA ERA : BULLDOZE SHRINKING CITIES ? " )
Razing declining neighborhoods does n't seem to be a priority right now for the Obama administration , but Harvard urban economist Edward Glaeser thinks it should be .
Writing in the New York Times 's Economix blog , Professor Glaeser argues that some cities just are n't going to come back .
These cities , he writes , would do well to focus their investment on people , not on infrastructure :
After all , the job of government is to enrich and empower the lives of its citizens , not to chase the chimera of population growth targets .
Just once , I want to hear a Rust Belt mayor say with pride “ my city lost 200,000 people during my term , but we ’ve given them the education they need to find a better life elsewhere . ”
Glaeser points out that the distribution of America 's population was very different a century ago .
In 1900 , the 20 largest US cities were on waterways .
But the advent of the automobile made it possible to travel over land cheaply , and people migrated in droves to the wide open of the Sun Belt .
( The rise of air conditioning probably helped , too . )
But now there 's another shift underway , as migration to America 's southern tier is slowing and as more Americans are moving back into city centers , a trend that predates , but was accelerated by , the subprime mortgage crisis .
As urban strategist Christopher B. Leinberger wrote in the Atlantic in March 2008 , the growing number of vacant and abandoned malls , office parks , and McMansions threaten to turn suburbia into the next slum .
Many sustainability experts have noted that urbanites use far less energy than their suburban counterparts .
New Yorker writer David Owen observed in 2004 that , if New York City were granted statehood it would rank 51st in per-capita energy use , thanks in part to public transit and other shared resources , but mostly because its compactness forces people to be energy efficient .
No matter what your politics are , when you do n't need to get in a car just to go pick up a quart of milk , you 're living a greener lifestyle .
In the meantime , at least one perfectly good suburban housing development has already been demolished , not by the government , but by a profit - seeking enterprise .
In May , a video surfaced on YouTube of new houses in Victorville , Calif. , being knocked down by a backhoe .
Apparently , Guaranty Bank of Austin , Texas , which acquired the 16 properties through a foreclosure sale , believed it was cheaper to destroy the homes than to sell them .
Maura Judkis , the eco-blogger at US News , reported that the appliances were removed from the homes before they were wrecked , and some of the wood was sent to be reused for construction projects in Mexico , while the rest to be ground up for mulch .
Still , it all seems such a waste .
Given how hard it is to predict future migration patterns , perhaps we should build new homes – such as prefabricated houses – that can be easily disassembled and rebuilt elsewhere .
Shares
Unfortunately , a frequent topic on SBM has been the anti-vaccine movement , personified these days by celebrity spokesmodel for Generation Rescue Jenny McCarthy and her dimmer than dim boyfriend comedian and actor Jim Carrey .
Unfortunately , it is a topic that is unlikely to go away .
We ’ve all speculated why the anti-scientific emotion - based notion that vaccines somehow must cause autism persists in spite of mountains of evidence to the contrary , but I think the question goes much deeper than that because it ’s not just about vaccines .
The anti-vaccine movement is but one of the most visible components of a much deeper problem in our public discourse , a problem that values feelings and personal experience over evidence , compelling stories and anecdotes over science .
I ’m referring to the Oprah - fication of medicine in America .
Why Oprah ? you may ask .
I ’m happy to tell you .
Oprah Winfrey has been the host of the highest rated syndicated talk show in television history , her self - named The Oprah Winfrey Show .
The show has been running for nearly 23 years , with over 3,000 episodes .
Winfrey is so famous that she is one of those rare celebrities who is known instantly by just her first name .
Say “ Oprah , ” and virtually everyone will know to whom you ’re referring , and her show is often colloquially known as simply Oprah .
Given this unprecedented level of success , which has made Oprah a billionaire and a ubiquitous presence on TV , her own magazine , her own satellite radio station , and , soon , her own cable channel , Oprah has developed a media empire that few single individuals can match or beat .
Indeed Rupert Murdoch is the only person that I can think of who likely has a wider reach than Oprah .
Personally , I have no problem with Oprah ’s level of success .
Clearly , she is a very talented and savvy TV host and businesswoman .
Unfortunately , in marked contrast , Oprah has about as close to no critical thinking skills when it comes to science and medicine as I ’ve ever seen , and she uses the vast power and influence her TV show and media empire give her in order to subject the world to her special brand of mystical New Age thinking and belief in various forms of what can only be characterized as dubious medical therapies at best and quackery at worst .
Arguably there is no single person in the world with more influence pushing woo than Oprah .
Indeed , she puts Prince Charles to shame , and Kevin Trudeau is a mere ant compared to the juggernaught that is Oprah Winfrey ’s media empire .
No one even comes close .
No one , and I mean no one , brings pseudoscience , quackery , and antivaccine madness to more people than Oprah Winfrey does every week .
( She does n’t discuss such topics every day , but it seems that at least once a week she does . )
Naturally , Oprah does n’t see it that way and likely no one could ever convince her of the malign effect she has on the national zeitgeist with respect to science and medicine , but that ’s exactly what she does .
Consequently , whether fair or unfair , she represents the perfect face to put on the problem that we supporters of science - based medicine face when trying to get the message out to the average reader about unscientific medical practices , and that ’s why I am referring to the pervasiveness of pseudoscience infiltrating medicine as the “ Oprah - fication ” of medicine .
How does Oprah do it ?
Easy ( for her , at least ) .
She makes stars of woo- meisters by featuring them on her show and giving them her stamp of approval , that ’s how .
Indeed , there was a documentary on the other night that I missed called The Oprah Effect .
While not specifically about Oprah ’s promotion of pseudoscience , happily it appears not to shy away from it , either .
The basic structure of the documentary is to examine what happened to three business after they were mentioned on The Oprah Winfrey Show .
Not surprisingly , their sales went through the roof , and apparently the documentary derives much of its interest and drama from how each company reacted to sudden fame and skyrocketing business .
However , the Oprah Effect affects far more than companies she may feature on her show or books that she features on Oprah ’s Book Club , a regular feature that can make a bestseller out of an obscure book by an even more obscure author .
The Oprah Effect also includes her favorites and proteges , and , sadly , most of those people are not particularly science - based in their recommendations about medicine .
Indeed , some of them are into dangerous medical practices and quackery , and Oprah gives them the stamp of approval .
The Oprah Winfrey Show and the promotion of pseudoscience
Over the years , Oprah has promoted a wide variety of dubious medical practices , pseudoscience , and mysticism on her show .
Indeed , just this week , NEWSWEEK ran a long article ( excerpts of which I will quote but which you should read in its entirety ) entitled Live Your Best Life Ever !
Wish Away Cancer !
Get A Lunchtime Face - Lift ! Eradicate Autism !
Turn Back The Clock !
Thin Your Thighs !
Cure Menopause !
Harness Positive Energy !
Erase Wrinkles !
Banish Obesity !
Live Your Best Life Ever !
( Indeed , the article was a big part of my impetus to write about the Oprah - fication of America . )
It reveals just how forcefully Oprah and her credulous belief in New Age nonsense are reflected in her show .
It starts with the example of Suzanne Somers , whom I ’ve mentioned before because of her belief that alternative medicine cured her of her breast cancer :
In January , Oprah Winfrey invited Suzanne Somers on her show to share her unusual secrets to staying young .
Each morning , the 62 - year - old actress and self - help author rubs a potent estrogen cream into the skin on her arm .
She smears progesterone on her other arm two weeks a month .
And once a day , she uses a syringe to inject estrogen directly into her vagina .
The idea is to use these unregulated “ bio-identical ” hormones to restore her levels back to what they were when she was in her 30s , thus fooling her body into thinking she ’s a younger woman .
According to Somers , the hormones , which are synthesized from plants instead of the usual mare ’s urine ( disgusting but true ) , are all natural and , unlike conventional hormones , virtually risk - free ( not even close to true , but we ’ll get to that in a minute ) .
Next come the pills .
She swallows 60 vitamins and other preparations every day .
“ I take about 40 supplements in the morning , ” she told Oprah , “ and then , before I go to bed , I try to remember … to start taking the last 20 . ”
She did n’t go into it on the show , but in her books she says that she also starts each day by giving herself injections of human growth hormone , vitamin B12 and vitamin B complex .
In addition , she wears “ nanotechnology patches ” to help her sleep , lose weight and promote “ overall detoxification . ”
If she drinks wine , she goes to her doctor to rejuvenate her liver with an intravenous drip of vitamin C .
If she ’s exposed to cigarette smoke , she has her blood chemically cleaned with chelation therapy .
In the time that ’s left over , she eats right and exercises , and relieves stress by standing on her head .
Somers makes astounding claims about the ability of hormones to treat almost anything that ails the female body .
She believes they block disease and will double her life span .
“ I know I look like some kind of freak and fanatic , ” she said .
“ But I want to be there until I ’m 110 , and I ’m going to do what I have to do to get there . ”
That was apparently good enough for Oprah .
“ Many people write Suzanne off as a quackadoo , ” she said .
“ But she just might be a pioneer . ”
Oprah acknowledged that Somers ’s claims “ have been met with relentless criticism ” from doctors .
Several times during the show she gave physicians an opportunity to dispute what Somers was saying .
But it was n’t quite a fair fight .
The doctors who raised these concerns were seated down in the audience and had to wait to be called on .
Somers sat onstage next to Oprah , who defended her from attack .
“ Suzanne swears by bioidenticals and refuses to keep quiet .
She ’ll take on anyone , including any doctor who questions her . ”
I was actually amazed to read this .
I ’ve known for a while that Suzanne Somers promotes so - called “ bioidentical hormones , ” which is the sort of nonsense quack - friendly journals like JPANDS publish .
I ’ve also realized that it is the height of stupidity for a woman who has survived breast cancer to pump herself full of estrogen in the futile and pathetic quest to reclaim her lost youth .
It ’s just begging for a recurrence of her breast cancer , and Ms Somers epitomizes the cliche of “ I ’d rather be lucky than good . ”
Either that , or her cancer was estrogen receptor - negative , but even in that case it ’s definitely pushing her luck to be bathing in “ bioidentical ” estrogens .
Be that as it may , “ good ” Somers is not with respect to science and medicine , but lucky she is .
Although I was aware of Somers ’ promotion of bioidentical hormones at doses designed to boost her estrogen levels to what they were in her 20s , but I had been unaware of all the other quackery she promotes , including the multiple supplements , the “ nanotechnology patches , ” the vitamin C drips , and the chelation therapy .
More recently , she has been promoting stem cell quackery .
( Yes , indeed , when I want to read about the latest stem cell science , Suzanne Somers is exactly the person to whom I ’d look . )
In any case , Suzanne Somers promotes medical advice and practices that could be dangerous to women , and Oprah is totally down with them .
Moreover , it ’s her show , and so her opinion is all that matters :
On Oprah ’s show , there is one opinion more equal than others ; and by the end of the program there was no doubt where Oprah herself stood on the issue .
She told her audience that she found Somers ’s bestselling books on bioidentical hormones “ fascinating ” and said “ every woman should read ” what she has to say .
She did n’t stop there .
Oprah said that although she has never had a hot flash , after reading Somers she decided to go on bioidenticals herself .
“ After one day on bioidentical estrogen , I felt the veil lift , ” she wrote in O , The Oprah Magazine .
“ After three days , the sky was bluer , my brain was no longer fuzzy , my memory was sharper .
I was literally singing and had a skip in my step . ”
On the show , Oprah had her own word of warning for the medical establishment : “ We have the right to demand a better quality of life for ourselves , ” she said .
“ And that ’s what doctors have got to learn to start respecting . ”
That statement epitomizes the attitude that infuses The Oprah Winfrey Show when it comes to medical issues and science .
Anecdotes trump science , and scientists should “ respect ” pseudoscience because of feelings and a desire for “ quality of life . ”
Indeed , thees are exactly the attitudes that permeate the CAM movement and the antivaccine movement .
It ’s therefore not surprising that Oprah would be drawn to them , especially since she clearly does not have the critical thinking skills necessary to recognize that what Somers offers is a risky false promise .
Here ’s what also matters to Oprah :
Somers says it ’s mainstream doctors who need to get their facts straight .
“ The problem is that our medical schools do not teach this , ” she said in a February interview with NEWSWEEK .
She believes doctors , scientists and the media are all in the pocket of the pharmaceutical industry .
“ Billions are spent on marketing drugs , and these companies also support academic research . ”
Free from these entanglements , Somers can see things clearly .
“ I have spent thousands of hours on this .
I ’ve written 18 books on health .
I know my stuff . ”
No , Somers does not “ know her stuff . ”
Writing books is no guarantee that she “ knows her stuff , ” particularly given that she clearly does not understand science and cherry picks references to support her viewpoint , ignoring those that do not .
Like Jenny McCarthy ( more on her later ) , Somers also suffers from the arrogance of ignorance , in which she thinks her Google University and self - taught knowledge trump the understanding of scientists who have dedicated their lives to studying such questions deeply .
Again , Oprah is drawn to this sort of thinking because it reinforces her message of “ empowerment ” and her apparent distrust of medical authorities .
Truly , she is the perfect representative for the science - free attitudes that have allowed the rise of so much pseudoscience in medicine .
Speaking of bioidentical hormones , another favorite and frequent guest on Oprah is Dr. Christiane Northrup , a woo - friendly gynecologist who has some very strange views about the vagina and has advocated using qi gong to increase “ energy flow ” ( i.e. , qi ) to the vagina and cure all manner of “ female ” ills , as well as providing fantastic orgasms .
Our very own Dr. Harriet Hall has done a detailed examination of Dr. Northrup ’s views .
It turns out that Dr. Northrup is also very much “ skeptical ” of vaccination , in particular the HPV vaccine .
She ’s even gone so far as to parrot antivaccine propaganda about the VAERS database , as I ’ve detailed earlier .
Not only that , but she is a germ theory denialist , who has credulously also parroted the myth that Louis Pasteur “ recanted ” on his deathbed ( same link ) .
The NEWSWEEK article describes her thusly :
Northrup holds a special place in Oprah ’s constellation of regular guests .
A Dartmouth - educated ob - gyn , she stresses alternative therapies and unseen connections between the soul and the body that she believes conventional doctors overlook , but that she can see .
She has written about how she has used Tarot cards to help diagnose her own illnesses .
( On her Web site , she sells her own “ Women ’s Wisdom Healing Cards . ” )
In other words , she gets right to the center of Oprah ’s search for hidden mystical meanings .
Oprah says she reads Northrup ’s menopause book “ just like it ’s the Bible .
It ’s the book next to my bed .
I read the Bible .
I read that book . ”
Oprah found Dr. Northrup when she “ blew out her thyroid , ” and Dr. Northrup promotes a wide variety of pseudoscience with regard to thyroid disease :
But Northrup believes thyroid problems can also be the result of something else .
As she explains in her book , “ in many women , thyroid dysfunction develops because of an energy blockage in the throat region , the result of a lifetime of ‘ swallowing ’ words one is aching to say . ”
This is nothing more than prescientific mystical nonsense about the origins of disease , and Oprah believes it .
And , of course , let ’s not forget David L. Katz , MD .
You may recall Dr. Katz from Dr. Atwood ’s discussion of him on SBM .
Dr. Katz is probably best known around the skeptical blogosphere for saying that he thinks :
… we have to look beyond the results of RCTs [ randomized clinical trials ] in order to address patient needs today , and to do that I ’ve arrived at the concept of a more fluid form of evidence than many of us have imbibed from our medical educations .
Dr. Katz has also defended homeopathy , promoted anecdotes above clinical trials and scientific evidence , and gone on to suggest that we need to think more “ fluidly ” about evidence .
For this , he has been roundly criticized and even mocked in the blogosphere–and deservedly so .
No wonder he ’s a regular , along with Dr. Mehmet Oz , on Oprah .
Indeed , one of the NEWSWEEK blogs even refers to him as one of the “ resident heath experts ” on Oprah and a columnist for Oprah ’s magazine .
Until most recently , the low point of Oprah ’s malign influence came when she fell under the spell of The Secret .
Yes that Secret , New Age nonsense so flaky that even most New Age believers correctly view it as nonsense .
Basically ,
The Secret postulates that there is a “ law of attraction ” that “ always works ” in which what you visualize can be yours .
In other words , according to The Secret , well , let ’s let Oprah describe it , as quoted in an article from Salon.com by Peter Birkenhead entitled Oprah ’s Ugly Secret :
… the energy you put into the world — both good and bad — is exactly what comes back to you .
This means you create the circumstances of your life with the choices you make every day .
While it is fairly obvious that attitude and motivation do affect one ’s chances for success in this world and that a lack of motivation coupled with a bad attitude will usually lead to failure , The Secret takes this relatively easy to accept contention that your attitude and drive have a significant influence on how well you do in life and puts it on more steroids than Major League Baseball players have used over the last couple of decades , to the point of utter ridiculousness .
As Birkenhead put it :
“ Venality , ” because Oprah , in the age of AIDS , is advertising a book that says , “ You cannot ‘ catch ’ anything unless you think you can , and thinking you can is inviting it to you with your thought . ”
“ Venality , ” because Oprah , from a studio within walking distance of Chicago ’s notorious Cabrini Green Projects , pitches a book that says , “ The only reason any person does not have enough money is because they are blocking money from coming to them with their thoughts . ”
The truly despicable aspect of The Secret is that a consequence of its teachings is not that people bring good things to themselves with their thoughts but the flip side , too :
That people bring evil to themselves with their own thoughts and that it is their fault .
Tell that to the six million Jews murdered by the Nazis , or the millions killed by Stalin , or even the 3,000 who died on September 11 , 2001 .
According to The Secret , they all brought that evil upon themselves with their “ negative ” thoughts .
In other words , if you get cancer , AIDS , or other serious and possibly fatal diseases , it ’s your fault for not being “ positive ” enough .
If you ’re not rich , it ’s your fault for not being “ positive ” enough .
If you are a failure in life , it ’s your fault for not “ believing ” hard enough .
This sort of belief in magical thinking came to its toxic conclusion when people started actually listening Oprah ’s advice about The Secret :
The message got through .
In March 2007 , the month after the first two shows on The Secret , Oprah invited a woman named Kim Tinkham on the program .
She had been diagnosed with breast cancer , and her doctors were urging surgery and chemotherapy .
But Tinkham wrote Oprah to say that she had decided to forgo this treatment and instead use The Secret to cure herself .
On the show , Oprah seemed genuinely alarmed that Tinkham had taken her endorsement of The Secret so seriously .
“ When my staff brought this letter to me , I wanted to talk to her , ” Oprah told the audience .
“ I said , get her in here , OK ? ”
On air , Oprah urged the woman to listen to her doctors .
“ I do n’t think that you should ignore all of the advantages of medical science and try to , through your own mind now because you saw a Secret tape , heal yourself , ” she said .
A few weeks earlier , Oprah could not say enough in praise of The Secret as the guiding philosophy of her life .
Now she said that people had somehow gotten the wrong idea .
“ I think that part of the mistake in translation of The Secret is that it ’s used to now answer every question in the world .
It is not the answer to all questions , ” she instructed .
“ I just wanted to say it ’s a tool .
It is not the answer to everything . ”
The Law of Attraction was just one law of many that guide the universe .
“ Although I live my life that way , ” Oprah said , “ I think it has its flaws . ”
Actually , it ’s not quite accurate to say that Tinkham tried to use The Secret to heal her breast cancer , although she was clearly profoundly affected by The Secret .
I ’ve discussed Ms. Tinkham ’s case in detail , and it turns out that she is under the care of a quack named Dr. Young who believes that tumors are all an “ acid ” and that “ alkalinization ” will cure all disease .
On the other hand , it is clear that The Secret did have quite a bit to do with Tinkham ’s rejection of conventional therapy , and Oprah ’s promotion of The Secret was what sold Tinkham on it .
Either Oprah does n’t know her own power , or she does not want to take responsibility for her promotion of mysticism and quackery .
Possibly it ’s a little bit of both .
Yet , promote quackery is what Oprah does .
Moreover , she is now promoting it through her surrogates .
Oprah ’s proteges go forth and spread anything but SBM
The first of Oprah ’s proteges to get his own show was Dr. Phil , who is not so much a purveyor of pseudoscience as profoundly annoying , sensationalistic , and self - righteous .
He ’s also been known to flirt with dubious science , as when he promotes polygraph tests as though they were reliable .
He ’s also done some seriously questionable things from an ethical standpoint , for instance his sensationalistic visit to Britney Spears in the hospital and self - serving statement afterward .
Personally , I find Dr. Phil to be not unlike Jerry Springer in that he brings usually lower economic class people suffering from difficulties onto his show and then takes the role of the father figure dishing out stern but simplistic “ answers ” to their problems ..
His self - righteous lectures serve much the same purpose as the abuse heaped on the guests of The Jerry Springer Show , namely to let the crowd heap abuse upon the transgressors and thereby feel superior to them , only with pretensions of being more than that .
Still , Dr. Phil is not the worst of Oprah ’s proteges .
Neither is the other of Oprah ’s most famous pseudoscience - loving proteges is Mehmet Oz , whom we at SBM and elsewhere have castigated for his promotion of CAM as “ prevention ” and his advocacy for hijacking President Obama ’s agenda for health care reform to get the government to pay for CAM .
Dr. Oz has been a frequent guest on her show , inappropriate scrubs outside of the O.R. and all .
His advice on Oprah tends to be mostly not unsound , but Oz , like Andrew Weil , frequently mixes science - based medicine with woo .
He ’s also a very famous advocate for CAM who has shown up with Dean Ornish , Mark Hyman , and Andrew Weil at the recent Institute of Medicine woo - fest designed to influence the Obama Administration ’s health care policy .
He also–surprise !
surprise !–is a pitchman for a company that sells information from a dubious test its readers take to pharamceutical companies in order to allow them to send targeted ads to them .
He is also presently poised to get his own TV show in the fall , thanks to Oprah .
The absolute worst of Oprah ’s proteges is the celebrity spokesmodel for the anti-vaccine movement , Jenny McCarthy .
Beginning in the fall of 2007 , Jenny McCarthy , characterized as having “ warrior spirit ” and as a “ warrior mom , ” has been a regular guest on Oprah , where she ’s been given more or less free rein to spread her gospel of vaccines causing autism and her claims that biomedical quackery can “ cure ” or “ recover ” autistic children .
Indeed , it may well be that McCarthy is , to paraphrase the title of an excellent book about Operation Market Garden during World War II by Cornelius Ryan ( later made into a movie ) , a woo too far .
For it was Oprah ’s inking of a deal with Jenny McCarthy to develop a number of media efforts , including one of the most inane blogs I ’ve ever seen and a television show , that has drawn the attention of the mainstream media to Oprah ’s promotion of quackery .
McCarthy ’s promotion of antivaccine propaganda and pseudoscience is , quite simply , so egregious and such a threat to public health that even the Oprah - friendly ( or Oprah - intimidated ) media has become alarmed , given McCarthy ’s statements that , if she ever had another child , she would not vaccinate that child .
The NEWSWEEK article even notes McCarthy ’s crude statement that
In both articles I ’ve cited , reporters tried to get a statement from Oprah .
This is what they got .
First , from the article on the Oprah Effect :
Asked if Oprah or her show endorses McCarthy ’s views , a representative for Oprah ’s program said , “ We do n’t take positions on the opinions of our guests .
Rather , we offer a platform for guests to share their first - person stories in an effort to inform the audience and put a human face on topics relevant to them . ”
When McCarthy ’s views have been discussed on the air , statements from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and the American Academy of Pediatrics saying that there ’s no scientific evidence of a vaccine - autism link have been read .
And from the NEWSWEEK story :
She declined to be interviewed for this article , but in a statement she said , “ The guests we feature often share their first - person stories in an effort to inform the audience and put a human face on topics relevant to them .
I ’ve been saying for years that people are responsible for their actions and their own well - being .
I believe my viewers understand the medical information presented on the show is just that — information — not an endorsement or prescription .
Rather , my intention is for our viewers to take the information and engage in a dialogue with their medical practitioners about what may be right for them . ”
The first - person story that , as Oprah says , puts “ a human face on topics ” is an important part of the show ’s success .
Perhaps Oprah ’s most attractive quality , and one that sets her apart from other daytime hosts , is that she abhors the celebration of victimhood .
She succeeded despite a childhood of abuse , and her own experience left her with very little tolerance for people who indulge in self - pity or blame cruel fate for their troubles .
She often features regular people or , even better , celebrities , who have met challenges in their lives .
In other words , Oprah washes her hands of any responsibility for spreading misinformation under the guise of “ trusting her audience ” to be able to distinguish good advice from bad advice .
She also values “ self - empowerment ” apparently above all else .
That would be all well and good , except that Oprah mistakes the story of someone like Jenny McCarthy , who claims to have , through being a “ warrior mother , ” to have overcome her son ’s autism and turned herself into an “ autism advocate . ”
It matters not to Oprah that McCarthy ’s claims are based on her belief in autism quackery and anti-vaccine pseudoscience .
All that matters is that , by her own narrative , Jenny McCarthy has “ triumphed ” over the odds for the sake of her son .
The compelling personal story of “ empowerment ” thus trumps science , and the only “ balance ” Oprah feels compelled to provide is a dry statement from the CDC and AAP .
What is Oprah ’s responsibility ?
As we have seen , Oprah does n’t think she is responsible for what people do with the misinformation she promotes .
Indeed , note how shocked she was that a breast cancer sufferer ( a woman with Stage III disease , if I recall correctly ) would take the nonsense she pushes on her show seriously and actually act on it by refusing surgical and medical care that could save her life .
Philospher and ethicist ( not to mention blogger ) Janet Stemwedel asks :
I ’m curious to hear what you all think about this .
Is it acceptable to give any guest you please a soapbox without taking a position on the opinions they voice from that soapbox ?
Is reading official statements from the CDC and AAP enough “ balance ” to Jenny McCarthy ’s views on vaccines , or do you think the “ Oprah Winfrey Show ” needs to do more ?
And , if Oprah and her producers are aware of the Oprah effect ( which , really , they have to be , right ? ) , should that awareness of their reach lead them to try to meet a higher ethical standard as far as the foreseeable consequences for giving Jenny McCarthy a soapbox ?
I have two answers to Janet ’s questions : my answers in an ideal world and my answer in the real world .
In an ideal world , my answers would be :
No , simply reading an official statement from the CDC and AAP as “ balance ” to Jenny McCarthy ’s idiotic and dangerous views on vaccines , which have led her to a know - nothing activism based on the arrogance of ignorance that is already eroding faith in vaccines .
Indeed , there is already a site called the Jenny McCarthy Body Count to chronicle deaths from infectious disease that can be partially attributed to her antivaccine zealotry .
She uses emotion and her son to argue falsely that vaccines cause autism and that various quackery “ cured ” him ( and , by inference , can cure other children with autism , too ) .
Reading a dry statement from the CDC is utterly useless in combatting this message .
It is nothing more than what I like to call the “ token skeptic ” who trots out the skeptical viewpoint briefly in a formulaic method .
Yes , the awareness of the Oprah Effect should make the producers of The Oprah Winfrey Show and Oprah herself realize that they have real power and , as the comic geek inside me ca n’t resist saying , with great power comes great responsibility .
Indeed , adding more “ balance ” is not enough .
If they were truly to hold themselves to a higher ethical standard , useful idiots to the antivaccine movement like Jenny McCarthy and the hucksters who barfed The Secret onto the world would n’t be allowed within ten miles of Harpo Studios .
“ Balance , ” after all , implies that there is enough scientific validity to a view that it is somewhere on the same planet with science .
There is no “ balance ” between Jenny McCarthy and scientists .
Jenny McCarthy is , quite simply , completely wrong about vaccines and autism .
There is no “ balance ” between promoters of The Secret and scientists ;
The Secret is nothing more than New Age nonsense based on prescientific beliefs that were prettied up for the 21st century .
There is no validity to them .
“ Balance ” is a sham used by promoters of pseudoscience and quackery to claim a legitimacy that they do n’t deserve .
In the real world , unfortunately , my answer would be this : Oprah does n’t care about science or accuracy .
Rather , she cares about three things : ratings , “ empowerment , ” and entertainment .
If it gets ratings , it interests her .
If it fits into her apparent “ spiritual ” world view ( like The Secret does ) , it ’s all good to her .
If it fits in with the “ alternative ” medical beliefs of her audience ( as Jenny McCarthy , Mehmet Oz , and Christiane Northrup do ) , she likes it .
If it provides a message of “ empowerment ” ( whether real or not ) , it is good .
Those scientists and nasty skeptics are such downers , too .
They harsh the happy buzz of all that “ positivity ” and overcoming adversity to provide “ inspirational ” stories .
None of this is new , either .
After all , remember that Oprah sandbagged James Randi when he was the skeptic on a show about psychics .
She was also extremely sarcastic and abusive to a woman named Laura McMahon who had agreed in 2007 to be the token skeptic on another episode of The Oprah Winfrey Show about psychics .
The bottom line is that , whatever good Oprah may have done with her money , when it comes to medicine and science , she is a force for ill .
Her intentions may be the best in the world , but that is only why she is the living embodiment of the cliche that the road to hell is paved with good intentions .
That ’s especially true when that same road is also paved with no mental filter of critical thinking to keep out nonsense , and Oprah clearly has no mental filter when it comes to pseudoscience and quackery .
With great power comes great responsibility , indeed .
Too bad Oprah does n’t seem to understand or accept that .
The result is the Oprah - fication of the popular discourse about medicine in the media , as epitomized by the “ tell both sides ” imbalance seen on shows like The Doctors .
Indeed , Oprah is one of the most potent forces in American for the undermining of critical thinking and science - based medicine in existence .
The Huffington Post may promote a lot of quackery , but when it comes to influence in the media Oprah is the Queen of All Media .
Unfortunately , given the infiltration of quackery into academic medicine , I ’m having a hard time determining if Oprah is a symptom or one of the causes of the rise of pseudoscience and quackery over science - based medicine .
The French Foreign Legion is renowned as an elite military unit A manhunt is under way for a French Foreign Legion soldier who killed two comrades and a Togolese UN peacekeeper in eastern Chad , say officials .
Helicopters are leading the search for the rogue soldier , who fled across the southern Sahara on a stolen horse , according to reports .
European peacekeepers said the Togolese soldier and two legionnaires were found dead after gunshots at the camp .
Captain Christophe Prazuck said the " deranged " soldier then fled .
An unnamed local official was quoted as saying the fugitive soldier later shot and killed a Chadian civilian , after fleeing Camp des Etoiles military base in the city of Abeche .
' He flipped ' Both EU peacekeepers and Chadian authorities were involved in the manhunt , Capt Prazuck , of the French military high command , told AFP news agency .
He will have been trained in desert survival techniques , which will make it all the harder to find him
French military source Correspondents say terrain in the central African desert state is dotted with the odd tree which could provide cover from aerial surveillance .
French Defence Minister Herve Morin said the soldier had clearly been " seized by a fit of madness " .
" He is being actively sought by the French gendarmerie , Chadian authorities and the entirety of troops based in Abeche , " said Mr Morin .
The defence minister told France Info radio the authorities had no explanation for the soldier 's actions " other than that he flipped " .
Mr Morin described the man 's actions as " totally out of order and intolerable " .
The minister also reportedly said the soldier had passed a series of psychiatric tests before being accepted into the Legion in February 2007 .
An unnamed military source told AFP : " The guy is dangerous because he is armed and he has a psychological problem .
" He will have been trained in desert survival techniques , which will make it all the harder to find him . "
The legionnaires were part of the Eufor force that has for the past year helped to protect refugees from Darfur .
The Togolese soldier was part of a UN mission , which took over peacekeeping operations in Chad last month .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Sixteen miles off the coast of Newfoundland and just 800 miles from Boston lie the tiny islands of St. Pierre and Miquelon , the last vestiges of the colonial empire of New France .
Though these islands are 3,000 miles from Paris , they 're French in every way .
Residents celebrate Bastille Day , vote in French elections and pay for everything in Euros .
And , of course , drive French cars .
That makes the Territorial Collectivity of St. Pierre and Miquelon , which has just 70 miles of paved road , the only place north of the Rio Grande River where you can still find Peugeot and Renault dealers .
" There are always new French cars on the islands , " Marc Cormier of St - Pierre-et - Miquelon.com told Wired.com .
" One of the reasons being the state and government offices only buy French cars . "
That means all of the cars driven by such agencies as the post office , gendarmerie and health care system are sent over from France .
Did we mention they all have French license plates ?
That does n't mean residents of the island can only buy French cars .
Four dealerships offer everything from Hondas and Hyundais to Fords and Chryslers .
General Motors products are well represented , and there 's even an Opel outpost .
That 's not a bad selection considering there are just 6,000 people there .
If you visit - and the island is but a ferry ride away from Newfoundland - feel free to leave the TomTom at home .
The locals are happy to give directions , but they tend to use the homes of their friends and relatives as reference points .
And be prepared to take some ribbing if you 're a lousy driver .
Or seaman .
" Locals are quicker to mock your driving and boating abilities than your personal life or shortcomings , " Cormier said .
Just as the import - versus - domestic war rages in the United States , a similar dynamic is in play on St. Pierre and Miquelon .
" French cars are more popular with established families , or citizens from France who are currently working locally , " Cormier told Wired.com .
" Sometimes , its really just personal preference , period . "
Luckily , most garages are just as good at popping the hood of a Peugeot as they are fixing a Ford .
" All local garages are polyvalent in the sense they can work with any type of vehicle , European or American .
Parts are aplenty and people sometimes buy two models of a second hand car , one for parts . "
Those sales add up to more than fifty new cars a year for Pannier Frères Renault , the marque 's only dealer north of Mexico and the Caribbean .
Our French is abysmal , but an employee of the dealership was patient enough to tell us business is brisk , thank you very much .
" We have been an importer for over 60 years and we are proud to represent Renault in North America , " Jean - Marc Pannier told us .
" We do not encounter difficulties in selling Renault in Saint Pierre and Miquelon . "
Hmmm .
Wonder if we could bring back a RenaultSport Clio 197 ...
Photos : Marc A. Cormier / www.st-pierre-et-miquelon.com.
Used with permission .
Earlier this week , NASA released an amazing photograph of an eruption of Sarychev Peak Volcano , taken by astronauts aboard the orbiting International Space Station ( ISS ) .
Seeing that great photo prompted me to dig into the archives and see what other imagery I could find from recent NASA archives .
Collected here are a handful of photographs of Sarychev Peak Volcano , and more , taken by astronauts aboard the ISS over the past few months .
( 35 photos total
We all know that sharks , crocodiles , bears and Hannibal Lecter eat people .
But what about those hidden threats , those ones we ’re not aware of ?
Maybe it ’s because we do n’t suspect them or maybe it ’s because they ’re just that damn good at what they do , but trust me , these things want you dead .
Anglerfish Quite recognizable as being the stereotypical “ freaky fish ” of the darkest depths of the ocean , the Anglerfish is the stuff of nightmares .
Using the glowing “ lure ” mounted on its head ; the Anglerfish entices prey to touch it , triggering an automatic reflex in the jaws , devouring it whole .
The teeth of the Anglerfish fold back , allowing food to glide past them with the greatest of ease and is further helped by the fact that the Anglerfish may also alter the size of its jaws and stomach , allowing the consumption of prey twice its size .
Aye - aye Living primarily on the east coast of Madagascar , the Aye - aye is the world ’s largest nocturnal primate , sleeping in nests made in trees during the day .
It searches for food by tapping on trees in order to find delicious grubs to eat ; it will then pull the grubs from the tree with help from its elongated middle finger .
Unfortunately , its appearance is n’t as hilarious as its somewhat comical name might suggest , as the Aye - aye is in possession of unpleasant looking crooked fingers ( for grub - catching ) and eyes that want to destroy you .
Axolotl
Sure , the Sure , the Axolotl – a variety of mole salamander that can only be found in lakes Xochimilco and Chalco in central Mexico – might look like its smiling at you .
Sure , it might even have a Pokémon designed after it .
But all it really wants is to hollow out your skull and build its own Infernal Throne .
Blobfish
An unhappy looking “ fish ” that inhabits depths just off the coasts of Tasmania and Australia , it basically is a gelatinous mass , with a density just a bit less than water , which allows it to float around as it pleases , eating any little bits of edible matter that it runs into .
It also An unhappy looking “ fish ” that inhabits depths just off the coasts of Tasmania and Australia , it basically is a gelatinous mass , with a density just a bit less than water , which allows it to float around as it pleases , eating any little bits of edible matter that it runs into .
It also demands human sacrifice
Fangtooth Fish Commonly found the world over and in both tropical and cold waters , the Fangtooth ’s name gives away its appearance , namely that of fangs and teeth .
Whilst small and therefore of no danger to us humans , it still looks terrifying and purportedly has the largest teeth of any fish , in proportion to its body size .
If it was bigger , it would most likely enjoy feasting on your face .
Hagfish Rapidly gaining a reputation as being one of the most “ disgusting ” sea creatures and commonly referred to as “ slime eels ” for their propensity to produce vast quantities of slime / mucus , which acts as a defense mechanism ( Hagfish can secrete enough slime to fill a twenty liter bucket in a few minutes ) and generally looks disgusting .
Hagfish are also known for their horrific feeding habits , not only extensively feeding on dead and rotten matter , but they are known to dig inside their prey and eat it from the inside out , bursting forth from the desiccated corpse of the creature like something from so many Science Fiction movies .
Lamprey Known primarily for its hideous mouth , which is also the subject of Known primarily for its hideous mouth , which is also the subject of many very disturbing photoshops .
The lamprey is a parasitic marine animal and has been known to suck the blood of other fish and are considered to be a pest in most parts of the world .
Lumpfish are typically found in cold water , such as the Arctic and the North Atlantic oceans and similar to the aforementioned Blobfish in that they spend a lot of time on / near the ocean floor , sucking up any food that comes their way .
While it looks like Lumpfish are typically found in cold water , such as the Arctic and the North Atlantic oceans and similar to the aforementioned Blobfish in that they spend a lot of time on / near the ocean floor , sucking up any food that comes their way .
While it looks like a boglin reject , one images that it was n’t as much fun to play with .
Pygmy Marmoset Native to the rainforests of Brazil , Ecuador and Peru , the pygmy marmoset is widely seen as the smallest monkey in the world , being 14 - 16 cm in length .
They eat most things , such as fruit , insects and leaves , but we know that – just as with all monkeys – if it were a bit bigger , it would probably eat you and your family .
Red panda Native to some parts of the Himalayas as well as India , Pakistan , Nepal and China , there are very few of these endangered animals left thanks to things like deforestation and farming driving them from their natural habitats .
The Red Panda – also known as Firefox – has a diet that consists mainly of bamboo , but they also eat acorns , roots , berries , and have been known to – dear God , look at its eyes !
Star - Nosed Mole Surfacing from the ground with what resembles a shotgun - splattered zombie face and into your nightmares , the star - nosed mole is commonly found in the north - eastern parts of the US and some parts of eastern Canada and its diet consists of aquatic insects , worms and other tiny moving things .
The nose is its defining feature and is – of course – incredibly sensitive , giving the otherwise blind mole its means of actively identifying where and what its next meal is and if said meal is actually edible in the first place .
The nose may also be used to smell underwater and as it burrows into your skull to feast on your brains .
Tarsier
They say that the eyes are the windows to the soul and in this case it is quite evident that the tarsier has no soul , so it is coming after yours .
A primate living mainly in the islands of Southeast Asia , the tarsier is well - known for its large eyes , with each eye being roughly the same size as its entire brain .
Feasting primarily on insects , the tarsier is a nocturnal creature by nature , presumably because it ’s easier to catch souls while it ’s dark .
Vampire Squid The Vampire Squid , or Vampyroteuthis infernalis ( which literally translates as “ The Vampire Squid , or Vampyroteuthis infernalis ( which literally translates as “ vampire squid from hell ” ) , is another inhabitant of the deep sea , usually found in temperate and tropical oceans and was actually incorrectly identified as an octopus when it was first spotted .
Despite its fearsome appearance , the Vampire Squid feeds mainly on small crustaceans such as copepods and prawns , but it would probably envelop your head and feed on that if it could .
The Electronic Entertainment Expo videogame conference is almost here , and rumors are flying about major revelations that could be in the offing .
Will Nintendo unveil new Mario and Zelda games ?
Will Sony and Microsoft debut Wii-style motion controllers ?
Will Sir Paul McCartney give a personal demonstration of The Beatles : Rock Band ?
We ’ll find out when , after two downsized years , E3 returns to its glitzy past , complete with booth babes , free - flowing swag and demos of upcoming games .
E3 2009 , which will be held in the Los Angeles Convention Center and surrounding environs June 1 to 4 , brings back the trade - show environment that had become a gamers ’ mecca .
To paraphrase Tim Curry , anything can happen at E3 .
( Except probably Tambourine Wizard Hero . )
Here are the rumors we ’ve heard , plus the odds they ’ll come true .
Rumor No. 1
After showing off the redesigned PSP , Sony will up the ante and show a slimmer , redesigned PlayStation 3 .
Where we heard it : Various blogs posted images of dubious origin , purporting to show a slimmed - down PS3 model that ’s so far along in production it even has a North American box design all ready to roll .
Then they got cease - and - desist letters , purportedly from a Chinese law firm .
Why it could be true :
Why send a C&D about something fake ?
Or so goes the logic .
Why it is probably baloney : Let ’s list the reasons .
If it sounds too good to be true , it probably is .
Do they really make the cardboard boxes for something in the same factory where they inject the plastic case molds ?
Go look at your PlayStation 3 .
Notice how gigantic a machine it is .
Good God , it ’s huge .
If Sony could cram all that into a case the size of a school notebook , they ’d be tambourine wizards .
Odds of this happening : 100 to 1 . Maybe Sony will drop the price on the current model by $ 50 .
Rumor No. 2
Members of The Beatles will appear at E3 to promote their new music game .
Where we heard it :
This one we made up .
But Paul McCartney unveiled footage of The Beatles : Rock Band during his set at Coachella .
Why it could be true : With Activision breathing down Harmonix ’s neck with umpteen new Guitar Hero titles , it ’s definitely time for Electronic Arts to flex its muscle and make a big impression at its press conference .
Why it might not happen : Like Paul McCartney does n’t have better things to do .
Odds of this happening : Paul , 10 to 1 .
Ringo , 2 to 1 .
Rumor No. 3
The next Metal Gear Solid title will be unveiled at Konami ’s press conference Wednesday .
Where we heard it : Series director Hideo Kojima has been releasing all sorts of obvious teasers for his next game , from a website with character artwork to a cryptic interview with Famitsu magazine in which all the important details have been “ redacted . ”
Why it could be true :
There ’s definitely a big announcement coming , so why not make it at gaming ’s biggest show ?
Why it might not happen : Kojima might have said that it ’s not .
If we replace the two - character blank spaces in one part of the censored interview with “ E3 , ” we get : “ I ’m not announcing _____ at E3 .
E3 would be fine for it , but the E3 people would say , “ Oh , so you ’re making ____ . ”
Odds of this happening : 3.141592 to 1 .
Rumor No. 4
Nintendo will show a new Mario or Zelda game for Wii .
Where we heard it :
Well , technically this is n’t a rumor .
At last year ’s E3 , in lieu of showing games Nintendo fans actually care about , company president Satoru Iwata simply assured us that the Mario and Zelda teams were hard at work on new Wii titles .
If Nintendo were a normal videogame company , it would follow up something like that with some real evidence at this year ’s show .
Why it could be true : Nintendo knows that after focusing squarely on casual gamers at last year ’s E3 , it needs to wow the core audience this year .
Previously announced titles Metroid Prime Trilogy and Sin and Punishment 2 are n’t gonna carry that weight by themselves .
Showing a few seconds of new Mario or Zelda games would do the trick , even if they ’re not going to be out until next year .
Why it might not happen : Nintendo is n’t a normal videogame company , and if Shigeru Miyamoto and crew are n’t 100 percent happy with a game ’s design , they just wo n’t show their work in progress .
Odds of this happening : 2 to 1 .
Rumor No. 5
Sony will show a new PSP with an iTunes - like downloadable games store .
Where we heard it :
This rumor has been making the rounds for a while , but 1 up did some digging and says it ’s true .
The gaming site says the new device will be called the PSP Go ! and have no Universal Media Disc drive , just some onboard flash memory and a game download store — and probably a touchscreen .
Why it could be true : Touchscreens and digital game distribution are the future , and disc drives with moving parts are n’t right for portable game players .
It all makes good business sense , and the fact that highly placed industry sources all seem to agree on the particulars of the device would seem to seal the deal .
Why it might not happen :
We ’ve all been had by a massive disinformation conspiracy .
Odds of this happening : 5 to 4 .
Rumor No. 6
Microsoft and / or Sony will show motion controllers in an attempt to compete with Wii .
Where we heard it : Reliable reports .
The Wall Street Journal says that Microsoft will show a 3 - D camera that tracks body movements .
Variety says that Sony has a similar device , only coupled with a wand controller that uses LEDs , as shown in a 2008 patent .
Why it could be true : The Journal and Variety are n’t exactly going to make stuff up .
Why it might not happen : Everybody was saying the same thing last year , too , and nothing came of it .
And we even tracked down Johnny Lee to ask him if he thought it would happen .
Were we simply ahead of schedule ?
Odds of this happening : Either , 1 to 1 .
Both , 2 to 1 .
Rumor No. 7
Nintendo will show Wii Fit Plus , a sequel to its incredibly popular exercise game , Wii Fit .
Where we heard it : Siliconera has dug up a Nintendo trademark registration , complete with logo .
Why it could be true : Nintendo loves making money .
Also , the “ Plus ” in the title would seem to indicate that the game would work with Nintendo ’s new Motion Plus controller .
Why it might not happen : A trademark registration does n’t necessarily mean a game will be shown at E3 .
Odds of this happening : 1 to 1 .
See Also :
Great news for Day of the Tentacle fans .
If Monkey Island Special Edition , the LucasArts - developed remake of the classic point and click adventure , and Telltale Games ' upcoming brand new episodic Tales of Monkey Island , prove popular , a brand new episodic Day of the Tentacle game is " feasible " , Telltale has revealed .
At E309 LucasArts announced two Monkey Island releases : an Xbox LIVE Arcade and PC remake of the original Monkey Island and a brand new , five - part episodic series called Tales of Monkey Island , developed by Sam & Max and Wallace & Gromit developer Telltale Games .
Earlier this week , LucasArts Community Manager Brooks Brown told Screen Play that if fans wanted to see more classic LucasArts point - and - click adventure game remakes , then they should buy The Secret of Monkey Island Special Edition in a few months time .
We thought we 'd ask Telltale Games CEO Dan Connors if any classic LucasArts franchises were likely to receive the episodic Telltale treatment with brand new games .
Here 's what he said :
" We 'll see .
It all depends on how it goes .
Hopefully it works out for both companies and it just is a no brainer to keep adding the franchises on . "
When asked if Day of the Tentacle was feasible , Connors replied : " I would say feasible is a good word . "
" To me I always think of the big three as , and maybe it 's just because of when I was playing and when I was first starting at LucasArts , I always think of Sam & Max , Day of the Tentacle and Monkey Island as the big three franchises , " Connors told us .
" Having access to Steve and access to Dave Grossman and everything else ... I really love Day of the Tentacle .
" Although I wanted to do , and my ideas always get shot down , but I wanted to see , like a 32 - year - old Hoagie , or Bernard , Hoagie and Laverne all grown up with jobs and what not .
But we 'll see if that gets any traction . "
He added : " We 're certainly not there yet on it , and we 're just having a " wait and see " approach with Monkey .
Hopefully everyone that plays the Special Edition and plays Tales really enjoy what the games bring , which is the great stories and characters of Guybrush and Elaine and LeChuck . "
The Secret of Monkey Island : Special Edition is due out for XBLA and PC this summer .
Tales of Monkey Island will unfold across five monthly episodes on PC and WiiWare , starting on July 7 .
Would you like to see a brand new episodic Day of the Tentacle game ?
Let us know in the comments section below .
Not everyone in Eunice is overjoyed by these developments .
Rose Gardner , 50 , a florist , has been fighting the landfill and the uranium enrichment plant for years , but she says it has been hard to get others to rally to the cause .
Local business leaders and politicians on both sides of the state line fully support the projects , and some residents are afraid to speak out against the authorities , Ms. Gardner said .
“ I ’m all for economic development , but why do we have to sacrifice our health and the environment ? ” she said .
Image Rose Gardner has been fighting the landfill and a uranium enrichment plant for years .
Credit ... Erich Schlegel for The New York Times
Nellie Franco , a school librarian , said she and her husband , George , were considering moving after having spent their entire lives here .
She can see the landfill from her front yard , past a corral with horses in it .
“ I do n’t want my grandchildren to grow up here , ” she said as she watered her front lawn .
“ They say , ‘ It ’s safe , it ’s safe . ’
What if they have a spill ? ”
Some residents complained that there had been no public hearings on the plan to haul the toxic sludge to the site .
Eddie Joe Harper cursed when he was told the sludge would travel on railroad tracks running next to his property .
“ I had n’t heard that , ” he said .
“ They keep it all hush - hush . ”
But like many residents here , Mr. Harper , who works for a company that does environmental cleanups in oil fields , worries more about leaks from the uranium plant than from the landfill .
“ It do n’t take but one leak and , boom , it would be over with , ” he said .
Still , many people in Eunice say the landfill and the enrichment plant were bringing new jobs into a local economy that used to be buffeted by the rise and fall of oil prices .
Some even said they considered it a patriotic duty to accept the Hudson River waste , to help clean up America .
Cleveland Mayor Frank Jackson and his two immediate predecessors made the city vulnerable to accusations of political patronage and favoritism , Cuyahoga County Common Pleas Judge Peter Corrigan has ruled .
In a scathing 15 - page decision released Friday , Corrigan blasted Jackson and former Mayors Jane Campbell and Michael R. White for ignoring civil service testing requirements .
The city , he wrote , also failed to comply with several court orders stemming from a 15 - year - old lawsuit .
Corrigan fined the city $ 900,750 , appointed a special master to oversee Cleveland 's Civil Service Commission and ordered Jackson to stop hiring , promoting and transferring employees .
" Abuse of the hiring system has opened the city , the administration and the two prior administrations to allegations of cronyism , corruption and political payback , " Corrigan wrote .
The city will immediately appeal , Jackson said in a statement .
The Civil Service Employees Association , a union that represents about 2,500 city workers , sued the city in 1994 over employment practices .
The union contends that Cleveland mayors for years skirted hiring rules .
In many cases , the city appointed temporary employees to fill certain jobs , then allowed them to stay on without taking civil service qualifying exams .
In other cases , department heads violated rules by making positions noncompetitive , meaning they could hire without using a list of eligible applicants , said a lawyer for the union .
City officials acknowledged last year that more than 900 employees subject to civil service testing never took the exam .
Jackson 's administration pushed for voter - approved city charter revisions that grandfathered in those employees and altered testing requirements .
The move drew considerable scorn from Corrigan .
" The city does not have a plan in place to comply with [ earlier ] orders and unapologetically maintains its contempt for those orders , in fact asserting that compliance is not possible or practicable , " the judge wrote .
" Impossibility and impracticality are not defenses , but excuses . "
Jackson suggested that the charter revisions make the ruling moot .
" It is our belief that the court does n't have the right to silence the voice of the citizens of Cleveland , " the mayor said .
" The decision conflicts with the will of the electorate and is contrary to the law in several respects .
Accordingly , the city will appeal . "
Union attorney Kevin Prendergast called Jackson 's argument " absolute nonsense . "
He said a separate challenge of the validity of last year 's vote to enact the charter revisions is pending .
" Judge Corrigan really bent over backwards the last three years to work with the city and get them in compliance , " Prendergast said .
" I think you can see from the ruling that he 's fed up . "
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) -- General Motors , the quintessential U.S. company , sold more vehicles in Asia in the first quarter than it did in the United States .
Only about a quarter of GM 's vehicle sales worldwide were made in the U.S. during the quarter .
More than a third of GM 's sales were from the U.S. market during the same period a year ago .
And the company actually made money in China , the rest of the Asia - Pacific region , and in Latin America during the quarter , despite a global downturn in auto sales .
At the same time , GM continued to lose billions of dollars on its North American and European auto units .
As GM ( GM , Fortune 500 ) teeters on the brink of bankruptcy , its success overseas has actually prompted questions whether GM should move its headquarters out of Detroit to some overseas location .
While CEO Fritz Henderson said the company had no such plans to make such a move during the current crisis , he would n't rule it out in the future .
But experts say the company 's strength elsewhere around the globe shows that the company can be competitive .
So no matter what happens in the next few weeks as GM races to meet a government imposed deadline to restructure , its future will depend more on its overseas operations than its North American business .
" Given a clean sheet of paper , GM can execute as well as any other global manufacturer , many times better , " said Michael Robinet , VP , global vehicle forecasts for industry consultant CSM Worldwide .
It 's not just a matter of GM benefiting from newer factories and more flexible labor contracts overseas .
The company 's brands also have a fresher image with overseas consumers who are not as familiar with some of GM 's failed products from the past .
Some U.S. buyers remain reluctant to buy GM cars even though the company 's vehicle quality rankings have closed much of the gap with Asian brands in recent years .
But in growing markets like China and Russia , its brands do n't suffer from poor consumer perception .
The clearest example may be the Buick brand .
Buick is an afterthought for most U.S. car buyers but is considered a top brand among Chinese buyers .
" In the US , whenever you talk to people , there 's a whole swath of population that wo n't consider a GM car because of past problems , " said Subroto Banerjee , a partner at business research firm Frost & Sullivan .
" But my brother who lives in India can't wait to buy a Chevrolet .
That 's the view of a lot of people in those markets . "
Of course it 's not just perception that has left GM at a disadvantage in the U.S .
GM , along with U.S. rivals Ford Motor ( F , Fortune 500 ) and Chrysler LLC , also have struggled with so - called legacy costs .
They have been forced to spend billions to cover retirees ' health care expenses and pension obligations .
Those are not problems for the Asian automakers with nonunion plants here .
But Robinet said the legacy costs for the Detroit automakers go far beyond the union contracts .
It also includes too many brands , too large of a dealership structure and too much manufacturing capacity .
That 's not as much of a problem for GM with its overseas operations , however .
A roadmap for U.S. profits
Some experts say they are hopeful the current restructuring effort will also leave GM as competitive at home as it has long been abroad .
Those plans call for GM to drop all but four of its North American brands , shed 42 % of its dealers , shut additional plants and production , and move retiree health care costs to a union controlled trust fund .
" Their success overseas demonstrates that they have the capability of succeeding here , " said Tom Libby , president of the Society of Automotive Analysts .
" The stuff they 're being forced to do now , it 's stuff that should have been done a long time ago .
They 're going to be a competitive company from most perspectives . "
Still , experts say it 's important that GM keeps its overseas operations linked with its North American unit as it goes through restructuring .
They say automakers need a global operation in order to spread out their vehicle development costs and reduce the costs of their parts purchase programs .
Libby is worried that in its need to save cash , GM could wind up selling too much of its European operations as part of its current restructuring plan .
" If they 're going to be successful competitor to Toyota ( TM ) and Fiat - Chrysler , Ford and Volkswagen , they need a global presence , " said Libby .
Nonetheless , the United Auto Workers union has expressed concerns that GM , facing a need to cut costs further , could move much of the work that has traditionally been done in U.S. plants to overseas operations in the future .
Right now only a few niche vehicles , like the subcompact Aveo , are built at overseas GM plants and shipped to the U.S. market .
Overall , GM imported about 85,000 vehicles into the U.S. last year .
GM's Henderson has said the company now plans to increase those intra-company imports to about 235,000 a year , or about the output of a North American auto plant .
But he also said he 's willing to have limits on those imports be a subject of negotiation with the union in upcoming talks on changes in the contract .
Even without limits in the union contract , Robinet said it 's unlikely that GM will ever import a significant share of vehicles into the U.S. market .
He points out that even the Asian based automakers make most of their U.S. vehicles in North America .
Unlike computers and electronics , which move via air freight , the time it takes to move a vehicle by ship is in itself a competitive disadvantage .
" If you 're shipping a vehicle , you 're two months away from your customer .
If your plant is in Kentucky or Tennessee , you 're two weeks away , " he said .
But that does n't mean that more work being done for GM in North America today wo n't move overseas in coming years , especially vehicle design .
" Even if the blue collar [ workers ] stay here , the white collar [ jobs ] could move overseas , " said Frost & Sullivan 's Banerjee .
Oil or Trees ?
Germany Takes Lead in Saving Ecuador 's Rainforest
Oil companies are salivating over the supply of black gold beneath Ecuador 's rainforest .
The South American country is pledging to keep the oil in the ground -- if the international community provides compensation .
Now Germany has taken a leading role in raising the necessary cash .
Von Jess Smee
By Jimmy Rogers ( @me )
Contributing Writer , [ GAS ]
According to an inside source who spoke to Collider , Comedy Central has decided to renew Futurama for another 13 million years episodes .
The futuristic farce has long been a favorite among animated comedies , filling large time slots late at night in the US .
Now , after Comedy Central has re-aired the entire series and all four movies , it seems they ’ve convinced themselves that they should give it another go .
There have been rumors of new episodes for quite some time of course , but this seems to be an actual production order .
Usually once a series gets cancelled and starts being made in a “ direct to DVD movie ” format , there is n’t much hope left .
It seems that in this case Futurama may have a second chance at life .
If it is just a hoax , hopefully Comedy Central will see all the buzz and just pretend they DID give the order !
In any event , I ’d expect to see your old pal Bender back up on the screen sometime in the near future .
How many of you watched Futurama when it was new and how many of you found out about it later when Comedy Central played every episode a million times ?
[ TV Squad via @thinkgeek ]
Why transplant an organ when you can grow yourself a new one ?
This research is n’t something that might happen in the distant future .
It ’s being used today to grow fresh organs , open up new ways to study disease and the immune system , and reduce the need for organ transplants .
Organ - farming laboratories are popping up across the planet , and showing impressive results .
Here we look at the state of the union of a rapidly advancing field called tissue engineering : what ’s been accomplished so far , and what ’s right around the corner .
Patients who undergo organ transplants require loads of toxic drugs to suppress their immune systems ; otherwise their body might reject the organ .
But tissue engineering could make organ transplants a thing of the past .
By using a patient ’s cells to grow new types of tissue in the lab , researchers are finding new ways to custom - engineer you new body parts by using your own cells .
At the cutting edge of organ engineering is Tengion , a clinical - stage biotech company based outside of Philadelphia .
Their most successful research to date led to the creation of the Neo -Bladder .
Tengion takes some of your cells and grows them in culture for five to seven weeks around a biodegradable scaffold .
When the organ is ready , it can be transplanted without the need to suppress the patient ’s immune system ( because the organ was grown from the patient ’s own cells , it carries no risk of rejection ) .
Once the organ is in , the scaffold degrades and the bladder adapts to its new ( old ) home .
The Tengion Neo-Bladder is in Phase II testing , meaning that they have already implanted the organ into individuals and studied how the body adapts to it .
After 5 years , the company was able to show that the homegrown organs are safe and effective , capable of treating the bladder effects of spina bifida ( a neural tube defect that effects bladder function , among other things ) .
After another round of Phase II trials , Tengion will move on to Phase III testing ; after that , the Neo - Bladder should be approved and be made commercially available .
Tengion ’s Neo -bladder is nearing the completion of its clinical trials , but they were n’t the first to grow one .
If anyone on Earth deserves the job title “ Organ Farmer , ” it ’s Dr. Anthony Atala .
He and his research team at Wake Forest University Medical Center pioneered the world ’s first lab - grown bladder , and they remain at the forefront of the organ - growing field ( Atala is also the chairman of Tengion ’s scientific advisory board ) .
Wake Forest is the world ’s largest regenerative medicine research center , and their current research is growing 22 different types of tissue : heart valves , muscle cells , arteries , and even fingers .
So how many different types of human organs have been grown and transplanted ?
The lab - grown bladders are among the only transplants of an entire organ , but a wide variety of partial organ transplants have taken place .
Skin cells are regularly grown in culture and grafted onto patients ’ bodies .
A graft was grown from a patient ’s trachea cells and transplanted to replace part of her airway that had degraded due to disease .
Cartilage has been grown and transplanted into a patient ’s knee .
A number of technologies are under development but have yet to be transplanted into human bodies .
Recently , Dr. Nicholas Kotov and his lab at the University of Michigan have engineered artificial bone marrow , a task that was previously doomed to failure .
Kotov and his colleagues realized that in the body , stem cell differentiation relies on chemical signals in three dimensions ( whereas in a petri dish , it takes place in two dimensions ) .
This insight led to a new methodology that more closely replicated the natural environment of stem cell differentiation in bone marrow tissue .
The resultant homegrown marrow grew and divided normally , even releasing antibodies in fight off an introduced influenza strain .
It can be used to study the role of bone marrow in fighting disease within the body , as well as creating a “ bioreactor ” : harnessing the artificial marrow within a device to grow cells and tissues .
Tengion is pretty busy these days as well .
Their new website lists a variety of new applications on the horizon , including a Neo-Kidney augment , artery replacements ( including in the heart ) , and variations on their bladder technique to replace cancerous organs .
Their company pipeline gives a general idea of the relative stages of each project .
A number of initiatives are under way to create an artificial pancreas , which would revolutionize the way we treat diabetes .
By providing diabetics with a healthy pancreas , doctors could restore their natural control of blood glucose by giving them an endogenous source of insulin .
Anyone with experience of diabetes knows the difficulty of manually monitoring and controlling your sugar levels , not to mention regularly injecting insulin .
A lab - grown pancreas replacement would be an incredible benefit to the 23.6 million individuals in America alone who suffer from diabetes .
As we previously reported , researchers at the University of Minnesota grew an entire rat heart in a laboratory last year .
Their next goal is to grow a pig heart , a significant milestone towards growing a human heart due to their similar structure .
Researchers hope to combine the scaffold of a pig heart with human cardiac tissue to grow a hybrid heart suitable for transplant .
Another exciting frontier is the field of printable tissue and organs , which is just what it sounds like .
Inkjet cartidges are cleaned out and loaded with a mixture of live human cells and “ smart gel . ”
Then , layer by layer , the cells are printed atop one another until a 3D organ is constructed .
Just as a normal printer can deposit different colored ink , organ printing allows scientists to specify where to place different cell types .
Organ printing has already created beating cardiac cells , and could soon produce organs that are viable for transplant .
But unlike other 3D printers , I would n’t want this one in my living room .
The hottest areas in tissue growth are the types hardest to make : nerve , liver , kidney , heart and pancreas cells .
But these are precisely where Alata and Tengion are heading , pushing the industry into fresh territory .
Coupled with new regenerative treatments like Cook biotech ’s foams and stem - cell organ patching , tissue engineering will be keeping our organs young and healthy in the years to come .
Merely a decade ago , tissue engineering was still a new field that struggled to find funding and support .
Today , thousands of scientists worldwide are coordinating efforts to reach new breakthroughs , and the demonstrated potential of these methods has helped bring in investors .
That should keep the organ growing field moving forward in the future months and years , and we ’ll be covering new advances as they emerge .
Check out this Wired Science video that tours around Atala ’s lab :
Its been a while since we have had an update here on PollDaddy.com .
I would just like to tell you about some of the projects we have been working on over the past few months .
As you know we were acquired by Automattic last October , and since then we have been integrating with the Automattic team and working on integrating with WordPress through our new PollDaddy Plugin .
From a technical point of view we have had a lot of scaling issues from time to time as we have grown in traffic and users .
We started out with one server and have gone through various expansions since .
PollDaddy.com was originally ( and currently is ) built on the Microsoft .NET and SQL Server platforms .
Although this system was very powerful and met with all of our needs , over time as we had to add more and more servers and licensing costs would have become prohibitively expensive .
We have run a tight ship financially and with over 99 % of our users on free accounts , in order to continue to provide the kind of service we wanted to , we needed a new plan .
Our new owners Automattic run over 1,000 Linux based servers at present , but unfortunately we could not utilize any of this hardware with our current setup .
So , along with their technical team we came up with a plan to migrate all of our code and database to run on open platforms based around the LAMP stack of Linux , Apache , MySQL , and PHP .
For the past 3 months we have been hard at work migrating all of our code and data and are now coming to the end of that phase .
Actually PollDaddy Answers is the first site we have launched like this and now runs much faster with increased stability .
We will be rolling out the rest of our sites on this new platform over the next 2 - 3 weeks which means you will see a big increase in speed overall .
As soon as we have all of that done we will be getting to work on a complete redesign of PollDaddy.com .
We have a great team of UI and design people at our disposable now .
They are currently looking over your suggestions for improving the format of PollDaddy that you have kindly contributed over the past few month .
If you have any ideas you would like to share with us the please contact us directly and we will take your suggestions on board .
In summary we have been working hard on the code and systems at the heart of PollDaddy in order to have a solid foundation to build all of the really great features you have been asking for .
We will have updates on all of this soon and will be launching our new site over the coming weeks .
Please keep in touch with support in the mean time and let us know what you are thinking !
Lenny
PollDaddy.com
If I were Steve Jobs , the video to the right would scare me senseless .
It shows a Google Android phone running a Spotify app that appears to succeed in porting the full Spotify experience — still not available to most Americans — to a mobile phone .
We ’re not alone in thinking that the Sweden - based Spotify is the best desktop music application on the planet , even though its legitimate use is currently restricted to Finland , France , Norway , Sweden , Spain and the UK .
On the mobile phone , it becomes a serious threat to the iTunes / iPod ecosystem .
Who wants to bother with buying songs track - by - track , when you can work with a customizable library containing millions of tracks , for free ( with the occasional ad ) or a monthly fee ?
We ’ve called Spotify on the iPhone the “ end game ” for mobile music .
This Google Android version of the app , demonstrated last night at the Google I/O Developer Conference in San Francisco , boasts a crucial feature we predicted Spotify would add : the caching of playlists for offline listening , which lets you play your music ( or playlists other people have created ) without a WiFi or 3G connection .
The video to the right shows a user selecting which playlists to cache , listening to them , adding a song to a mobile playlist via laptop , as well as a Jobs - style “ one last thing ” at the end of the presentation depicting the app ’s ability to play any song or album on - demand .
If Apple does n’t allow a full - fledged version of this app into its App Store , music fans with Spotify access could switch to Android , if the message board on Spotify ’s blog is any indication .
The Spotify desktop application runs on a P2P streaming architecture ; as you use it to listen , you ’re also uploading song data for other users to stream .
This architecture does n’t work as well in a mobile setting , with reduced bandwidth and processor speed , so if Spotify mobile apps become more popular than their desktop counterparts , the system could come under strain .
Other than that , it ’s hard to see how this Android app wo n’t be a runaway success — where it ’s available , anyway .
See Also :
David Seville and chipmunks Alvin , Simon and Theodore , return in “ ” to lay waste to Seville ’s surroundings and sing in three - part harmony .
Earlier we posted a teaser trailer for the upcoming “ . ”
The new movie will introduce the Chipmunks ’ female counterparts so here ’s the first look at the Chippettes .
A poster for the upcoming “ ” is currently hanging at the 2009 Licensing International Expo .
The Chipettes are Brittany , Eleanor and Jeanette .
The characters will be voiced byand .
Alvin , Simon and Theodore will compete against The Chipettes in the $ 100,000 Battle of the Bands .
Directed by “ Alvin and the Chipmunks : The Squeakuel ” which also starsandis scheduled to hit theaters on December 25 , 2009 .
The Guitar Hero 5 boxart has been officially revealed .
Previously , we ’ve seen Guitar Hero boxarts with … well , actual guitars on them .
This time , it looks as though the boxart has taken a different approach , with sort of a backstage look .
The boxart for Guitar Hero 5 is certainly different then what we ’re used to for this series .
How do you feel about the boxart ?
Post your comments below !
[ Source ]
La estrategia delictiva incluía coacción del voto y el acarreo
[ email protected ] MORELIA , Mich . —
El grupo criminal La Familia diseñó un plan para “ tomar por asalto ” las actuales campañas de candidatos a diputados federales y concretar así su penetración en la vida política del estado , señalan informes de inteligencia militar y de la Procuraduría General de la República ( PGR ) .
Como parte de su estrategia , el cártel planeó la entrega de dinero , la coacción del voto y el acarreo de ciudadanos .
De acuerdo con las investigaciones , La Familia pretende influir en las campañas de los aspirantes en Apatzingán , Pátzcuaro , Zitácuaro , Lázaro Cárdenas , Morelia y Uruapan .
Autoridades federales indican que la presencia del grupo se extendió a casi 90 municipios de la entidad en los últimos meses .
Las investigaciones señalan la existencia de pactos de funcionarios municipales y estatales para permitir la infiltración del grupo criminal a través de la colocación de miembros y mandos en policías municipales , proteger la operación de grupos de sicarios y extorsionadores en diferentes zonas y cubrir administrativamente los intereses económicos , entre otros aspectos .
Las indagatorias establecen que luego de incursionar en el lavado de dinero , en la venta de protección , distribución de droga , secuestros e incluso el control del comercio informal , la organización delictiva recurrió al uso de la violencia sin límite y ahora el siguiente paso será su presencia de lleno en el poder político .
Un primer acercamiento ocurrió en 2007 , durante la elección de gobernador y de 113 alcaldes .
En esas campañas , según autoridades , estuvo presente el crimen organizado con el soborno y financiamiento de líderes sociales y políticos .
Tras los comicios , La Familia realizó el cobro de “ cuotas de poder ” en los ayuntamientos .
Su expansión , sin embargo , ha ido más allá .
Incursionó también en organismos no gubernamentales de derechos humanos , los cuales utiliza como parapetos .
Actualmente hay una investigación sobre al menos dos organismos cuyas credenciales han aparecido tanto en Michoacán , como en el estado de México , durante las capturas de miembros del citado grupo criminal .
En el proceso electoral que culminará el 5 de julio , La Familia ha realizado acercamientos con los aspirantes a diputados mediante financiamiento y el apoyo de grupos sociales bajo su control .
El PAN aceptó que al menos dos de sus aspirantes fueron “ contactados ” por enviados del grupo .
PRD y el PRI rechazaron tener reportes en el mismo sentido .
Get the latest
Welsh rugby news sent straight to your inbox Sign up Thank you for subscribing
We have more newsletters
Show me See our privacy notice Invalid Email
RONALDO is ready for his proposed £ 80 m move to Real Madrid to make him an object of hate – and feels he will thrive under the insults .
The Portugal winger is set to seal his switch to the Spanish giants by the end of June after Manchester United accepted a world record bid .
And the 24 - year - old wants to “ re- write the history of football ” when he lines up alongside the likes of fellow Madrid new boy and prospective team - mate Kaka .
He said in a French magazine interview : “ I love it when people jeer me .
I love to see the hate in their eyes , to hear the insults .
It does n’t bother me .
“ It ’s true lots of people hate me but there are even more who love me and who support me .
I feel bad only when I play badly .
Fortunately , that happens rarely . ”
He added : “ I still have a long way to go .
I really want to re-write the history of football .
“ I am aware I ’m already among the best of the best but I want to continue to write many more beautiful pages . ”
Ronaldo was eclipsed by Barcelona ’s Lionel Messi in last month ’s Champions League final in Rome , the Argentinian scoring the Catalans ’ second with a fine header of which Ronaldo himself would have been proud .
The pair ’s rivalry will intensify in the Primera Division next season should Ronaldo ’s move go through , with Madrid and Barca bitter rivals , but the Portuguese is not interested in comparing himself to Messi .
He said : “ I have nothing to envy Lionel for .
I do n’t compare myself to others .
I am Cristiano Ronaldo – and I can win more medals than anybody else . ”
United ’s acceptance of Madrid ’s offer last week brought an end to one of the longest - running transfer sagas of recent years .
And Sir Alex Ferguson believes the Barclays Premier League champions did well to keep Ronaldo at Old Trafford for as long as they did .
“ He wanted to leave , it ’s as simple as that , ” Ferguson told The Mail on Sunday .
“ He was going to go some time .
We ’ve done well to keep him for so long . ”
Ronaldo ’s desire to leave has provoked anger among sections of United fans , who feel the club helped him become the player he is after signing him from Sporting Lisbon six years ago .
But former United assistant manager Carlos Queiroz , a former Madrid boss who also knows Ronaldo from his current post as Portugal coach , believes his loyalty cannot be questioned .
“ When you talk about loyalty , you must understand the loyalty has two directions , ” Queiroz , who enjoyed two spells as Sir Alex Ferguson ’s number two , said :
“ In terms of the modern game , loyalty is to be a great professional , to be committed to the club , to be engaged with the coach and the vision of the club and nobody can put one thing against Cristiano because as a professional he ’s brilliant .
“ But as you know with 95 % or 96 % of movement in football it is the managers at the clubs that dictate the movements . ”
A former Madrid great has warned the winger , though , that he will have to come to terms with being just another player at the Bernabeu .
Zinedine Zidane , who moved from Juventus to Madrid for a then world record fee in 2001 , said : “ Despite the vast amount of money available in his transfer to Real Madrid , Ronaldo will have to come to terms with being just another star at the club .
While the supporters love to embrace superstar players , collective success is far more important to them than any individual . ”
Economists at the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco put out a research report today raising the prospect of yet another jobless recovery .
Here we go again ?
Those of you playing along at home will remember that recessions in the 1970s and 1980s came with big spikes in unemployment — but once the economy ticked up , jobs rushed back in .
By contrast , the recoveries after the 1991 and 2001 recessions were “ jobless . ” GDP got its groove back , but employers did n’t hurry to refill their ranks .
To date , the current recession looks like what we saw in the 1970s and 1980s , write the San Francisco Fed researchers — Mary Daly , Bart Hobijn and Joyce Kwok .
In other words , lots of firing and little hiring .
( In 1991 and 2001 , the lack of hiring played a much more pivotal role in boosting unemployment than did actual firing . )
So , if we lost jobs more aggressively on the downside , then maybe we ’ll get them back more quickly during the upswing ?
Maybe not .
The economists focus on two data points that they feel indicate a jobless recovery in the wings .
First , the notable lack of temporary layoffs :
The fraction of workers who are on temporary layoffs as a share of total unemployment has recently been low relative to the 1980s , suggesting fewer workers are waiting to be called back to jobs when the economy improves .
Consider the difference between the recession of 1981 –1982 and the current downturn .
Between July 1981 and November 1982 , the share of unemployed workers on temporary layoffs increased dramatically from 16.1 % to 20.7 % .
By contrast , between December 2007 and April 2009 , the share of unemployed workers on temporary layoffs fell from 12.8 % to 11.9 % .
Second , the uncharacteristically high number of workers who are involuntarily working part - time :
Numerous reports tell of workers being furloughed for a set number of days in a month or asked to work fewer hours each day .
These anecdotes are supported by the monthly data .
Indeed , the number of workers employed part - time against their wishes is at historical highs .
The fraction of the labor force that reports working part - time for economic reasons has increased from 3.0 % in December 2007 to 5.8 % in April 2009 .
This increase has been broad - based , occurring in a wide range of occupations .
Moreover , the reduction in hours has not been trivial , with more than half of such workers experiencing reductions of five hours per week or more .
When sales pick back up , businesses do n’t have to go out and hire more people — they simply return their workers to full - time schedules .
Put those two things together , and you ’ve got an economic recovery without a particular jump in job growth .
The implication , according to the economists : “ a longer and slower recovery path for the unemployment rate . ”
Barbara !
Parents hound out the Muslim school secretary they thought was a man
Angry parents hounded a woman out of her job at a Muslim girls school because they believed she was a man .
Shifa Patel , a 28 - year - old secretary , was accused of hiding her masculinity beneath a traditional headscarf and robes .
The hate campaign started when photographs of a short - haired Miss Patel wearing a shirt and trousers were spotted on Facebook .
They were copied and emailed to dozens of concerned parents as ' proof ' that Miss Patel was a man .
Place of learning : A mob of parents besieged Al - Islah Muslim girls school to demand that governors sack Shifa Patel immediately ( file photo )
In a bid to defuse the rumours , she underwent a humiliating medical examination to prove that she was in fact a woman .
But parents refused to believe the results and the headteacher resorted to writing to all parents assuring them the secretary was n't a man .
Miss Patel was finally forced to quit after a mob of parents gathered at the Al - Islah Muslim Girls School in Blackburn and demanded governors sack her immediately .
Police were called to the school last Monday and had to disperse the more than a dozen parents at the gates .
Last night a distraught Miss Patel said : ' I have irrefutable medical evidence that I 'm a woman .
The people who have done this to have hurt me so badly .
I will never forgive those who did this to me and spread these lies . '
Miss Patel said she wore a hijab , a headscarf which shows the face , and a jhaba , a full - length robe , while working at the school .
Last night , Fatima Patel quit as the school 's acting headmistress in protest at the secretary 's treatment .
She said : ' When some parents approached me I told them I will take the Koran in my hand and swear to tell the truth .
But they were more concerned about obtaining a GP 's certificate for Shifa .
What does that say about some people ?
' Some of the parents have been very supportive .
It is very disconcerting that this has happened during children 's exam time .
This incident has affected me and Shifa and it will take a lot to get her confidence back .
We must add that some parents have come and supported us . '
A lesson at Al - Islah : Teaching assistant Shifa Patel ( not pictured ) underwent a humiliating medical examination after a petition demanded she prove her gender
Al - Islah Muslim Girls '
School is privately - run and has nearly 200 students
The school 's governing body also backed Miss Patel saying her ' unquestionable work ethic and professionalism had never been in doubt ' .
Sergeant John Rigby of Lancashire Constabulary said : ' Police were called to the school after reports that people were trying to damage school doors .
When we arrived a group of ten to 15 people were outside the school .
I must point out neither the school nor the mosque was raided .
' This is an entirely internal school matter and police were simply there to calm the situation down . '
The £ 1,000 - a - year independent school , which opened in 1995 in a mosque complex has 160 girls aged 11 to 17 .
It claims to ' nurture the intellectual , emotional , social and spiritual growth of Muslim children with the hope of producing confime - dent , competent individuals who can go out into British society and contribute positively without compromising their beliefs and practices ' .
At its last inspection in 2007 it was criticised by Ofsted for its lack of a science laboratory and for failings in teaching the curriculum .
Inspectors said however that the standard of teaching was generally good and educational achievement was satisfactory .
Bush legal adviser met with cries of ' war criminal ' at debate John Byrne
Published : Wednesday April 22 , 2009
Print This Email This John Yoo , one of the legal architects of the Bush Administration 's " torture policies , " was met with outrage at a talk given at Chapman University in California Tuesday , where he reportedly faced cries of " war criminal " as he approached the stage .
As he neared the podium to speak , he was met with shouts of " war criminal , " the local newspaper said .
An audience member shouted , " He does n't belong in the university  he belongs in jail . "
The former Bush legal adviser seemed immune to the haranguing .
According to the Orange County Register , " Yoo responded with a slight smile . "
" Maybe you all should conduct the debate , " he quipped .
" I 'll write questions on cards and hand them in . "
Yoo worked at the Bush Administration 's White House Office of Legal Counsel , which authored the recently released CIA torture memos that outlined the methods interrogators could use when questioning suspects .
He was participating in a debate with other professors over the " harsh interrogation " practices the Bush team approved .
In his talk , he defended the Administration 's use of waterboarding , a technique in which detainees were partially drowned .
" Three thousand of our fellow citizens had been killed in a deliberate attack by a foreign enemy , " he told a crowd at Chapman University .
" That forced us in the government to have to consider measures to gain information using presidential constitutional provisions to protect the country from further attack . "
Chapman law professor Katharine Darmer seemed troubled by Yoo 's defense .
She asked him why it was necessary to waterboard two suspects -- including the alleged architect of the 9/11 attack -- 266 times .
" How effective is a tactic you have to use 266 times ?
We are lawyers , " Darmer said .
" Our job is to follow the law .
Torture is illegal and it's also wrong . "
Yoo replied : " What I hear from Prof. Darmer and Prof .
Rosenthal is that they would , in the same circumstance , rule out any form of coercive interrogation no matter who we help  including and up to Osama bin Laden  no matter what the circumstances . "
" Was it worth it ? " he added .
" We have n't had an attack in more than seven years .
Fifty percent of the information that we have on al Qaeda and its workings came from interrogation . "
More details of the debate are available here .
Get Raw exclusives as they break -- Email & mobile Email - Never spam :
In the last few days , there has been a significant shift in the political winds in Washington towards real health care reform , with a robust public health insurance option at its heart .
The last thing we need is someone nay - saying that reform wo n't pass .
Why , then , is Senator Diane Feinstein doing just that , saying she 's not sure reform is going to pass ?
She should help us make history , not stand in the way !
Sign the petition urging Feinstein to stand up for Californians and America .
Now , let 's take a look at the landscape .
First , two polls from respected news organizations were released almost simultaneously , both showing strong support for a public health insurance option .
The Wall Street Journal / NBC poll showed 76 % in favor of the choice of public health insurance , and the New York Times / CBS poll showed 72 % favor that same choice .
As Nate Silver , polling guru and most accurate forecaster of the 2008 elections , put it , " Overall , polling points toward the public option being at least mildly popular and indeed perhaps quite popular . "
Second , proposals in Congress are moving in the direction of offering Americans this choice that they clearly want .
On Friday , the three committees in the House with jurisdiction over health care , endorsed by the House leadership , came out with a great bill , with everything we wanted in it .
Third , the Senate is moving in the right direction , however slowly .
Kent Conrad , the author of the co-op proposal , is working with Chuck Schumer to figure out how a co-op could become a public health insurance option that meets our principles :
Schumer and other backers of a public option insist that any plan must be national in scope , have substantial funding at the beginning from the federal government , and include national purchasing power in order to negotiate lower prices .
Conrad ticked off the areas of agreement that were reached Monday .
" National structure : I believe to be effective there has to a national entity with state affiliates and those affiliates have to have the ability to regionalize .
I think his concern there can be addressed , " said Conrad .
" Second , he believes there needs to be national purchasing power .
I think that 's a good point that the national entity would be able to do purchasing on behalf of the state and regional affiliates and on behalf of the national entity itself . "
The HELP Committee is currently marking up a bill as well , moving the process along .
And finally , President Obama , the President with a 63 % approval rating , is campaign hard for a public health insurance option .
He went up against a somewhat hostile crowd at the AMA 's annual meeting to promote his helath care plan , and he 's going on national television for two hours tomorrow night to answer questions on it .
So why , in the face of all this momentum for a public health insurance option from the House , the Senate , the White House , and the American people , is Senator Dianne Feinstein going on TV and saying something like this ?
President Barack Obama may not have enough votes in the U.S. Senate to pass his effort to overhaul the nation ’s health - care system , California Democrat Dianne Feinstein said .
“ I do n’t know that he has the votes right now , ” Feinstein said today on CNN ’s “ State of the Union ” program .
“ I think there ’s a lot of concern in the Democratic caucus . ”
Controlling costs of the new system is a “ difficult subject . ”
Where 's the concern in the Democratic caucus ?
The people want reform , the House wants reform , the Senate is moving in the right direction , and the President is out promoting his plan .
What concern ?
The statement about having the votes is curious , too , because as it looks to me , we do n't have the votes in the House for anything less than real reform , or so says Speaker Pelosi .
Why , then , is Feinstein insisting on being a nay - sayer on health reform ?
Honestly , the only people saying health care may not pass are hard - core conservatives and Feinstein .
Even the insurance industry says it wants health care to pass !
Health Care for America
Now is working to get to the bottom of this question .
Our field partners in California are making sure she 's hearing from her constituents on this issue , including office visits and hundreds of calls every day .
They 've got thousands of signatures on a petition asking Feinstein to support a public health insurance option .
And they 're going door to door to tell voters in California about health reform and Feinstein 's positions .
Given the pressure her constituents are putting on her , who is Feinstein representing here ?
There 's no reason for Senator Feinstein to be a nay - sayer on health care , especially given the political climate in Washington right now .
So why is she ?
If you want to know the answer to this question yourself , give her a call at ( 202 ) 224-3841 .
I 'd be very interested to hear her explanation .
Feinstein needs to stop nay - saying on health care .
Real reform will pass this year , because we can't afford to wait any longer .
Senator Feinstein should help make history , instead of standing in the way .
( also posted at the NOW ! blog )
I 'm proud to work for Health Care for America Now
GENEVA ( AP ) 
The United States returned Wednesday to the U.N. Human Rights Council , a body it left nine months ago saying it was biased against Israel and had failed to confront notorious rights abusers .
The United States informed the council it will resume participating in meetings as an active observer .
Observer status means the United States can engage in debate but not vote .
" We will expect — of ourselves and of the governments in this chamber representing every region of the world — a willingness to overcome our differences and to unite in common purpose , " Mark Storella , charge d'affaires of the U.S. mission to the United Nations in Geneva , told the council .
The U.S. will work closely with council members and other observers to promote human rights around the world , he said .
Last June , the Bush administration announced it was virtually giving up on the 47 - nation body and would participate in debates only if absolutely necessary .
It said it was leaving because of the council 's anti-Israel statements and its failure to act on abuses in Sudan and other states .
The council is dominated by Muslim and African countries .
" The United States remains concerned about the politicization of human rights , and about this council 's repeated singling out of one country , " Storella said , referring to Israel .
" We are concerned about this council 's failure thus far to address some of the most egregious human rights violations in the world today , " Storella said .
" And about the isolated but alarming attempts by some to use council resolutions to undermine universal human rights , such as freedom of expression . "
Islamic countries last year pushed through a resolution urging a global prohibition on the defamation of religion — a move European countries criticized as focusing excessively on Islam and incompatible with free speech .
Copyright 2009 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
In a year that saw so many chief executives fail , we wondered : Who managed to do well ?
So we asked a few top management professors to each name three picks for the best CEOs of 2008 .
We 'll run their choices all this week – and invite readers to weigh in too .
First up : Steven Kaplan , a professor at the University of Chicago 's Booth School of Business .
He offers one well - known and two under - the - radar choices for chief executives who performed well this year : Raj Gupta of Rohm and Haas Co. , James Skinner of McDonald 's Corp . and J. Michael Pearson of Valeant Pharmaceuticals International .
Mr. Gupta makes the list because Rohm and Haas , a Philadelphia specialty - chemical maker , is the best - performing U.S. stock with a market capitalization greater than $ 5 billion this year , Mr. Kaplan says .
That largely reflects Dow Chemical Co. 's July agreement to buy Rohm for $ 15.3 billion .
The deal is for cash , at $ 78 a share , so Rohm shares held up well even as the market plunged in the fall .
But Mr. Kaplan says Mr. Gupta deserves kudos for his decade - long stewardship of Rohm and Haas , over which its shares have doubled , outpacing rivals .
The company , started a century ago by two German chemists , is still roughly one - third owned by the Haas family .
Mr. Kaplan says Mr. Gupta inherited a conservative , family - controlled company , " modernized it , put in a lot of technology and made it effective . "
Mr. Skinner and McDonald 's clearly benefited this year from being in the right place at the right time .
Other low - price , value - oriented retailers such as Wal - Mart Stores Inc. , Dollar Tree Inc. and Costco Wholesale Corp .
also did well as the economy fell into recession and consumers felt pinched .
But Mr. Kaplan says McDonald 's far outperformed other fast - food operators such as Burger King Holdings Inc. , Wendy 's International Inc. and Yum Brands Inc . , which owns KFC , Pizza Hut and Taco Bell .
" McDonald 's has done a terrific job of improving what it does at its existing locations , improving the food , improving service , expanding the menu , expanding hours , " Mr. Kaplan says .
" They 've stuck to their knitting and made their existing stuff better and it's paid off . "
Dracula fish
Discovered : Burma
Documented : 2009
It 's not big and it's not pretty , but Danionella dracula is certainly unique .
The transparent 17 - millimetre - long " Dracula fish " is the only member of the 3700 - strong Cypriniformes group to have vampire - like fangs on its top and bottom jaws , which the males use to impress each other and to settle squabbles over territory .
The discovery of these fangs was something of a surprise because the Cypriniformes lost their teeth about 50 million years ago , says Danionella expert Ralf Britz of the Natural History Museum in London .
So did the Dracula fish manage to keep its teeth while all around were losing theirs ?
Er , no .
Instead , it evolved something new .
What look like teeth are actually bone which has grown into curved spikes that poke through the skin .
By comparing the Dracula fish 's DNA with that of zebrafish and other members of the family , Britz estimates that the bony fangs evolved within 30 million years of the family losing its true teeth .
( Image : The Natural History Museum , London )
The world 's smallest snake
Discovered : Barbados
Documented : 2008
If you shuddered at the discovery of a fossilised 13 - metre , 1 - tonne boa constrictor earlier this year , perhaps Leptotyphlops carlae is more up your street .
At only 100 millimetres long and no thicker than a strand of spaghetti , it is the world 's smallest snake , able to curl up on a British 10 pence coin or an American quarter .
Blair Hedges of Pennsylvania State University , University Park , found the diminutive snake under a rock in Barbados last year .
Also known as the Barbados threadsnake , it belongs to a group of snakes that burrow into the ground in pursuit of ants and termites , which they suck dry before spitting out the husk .
Threadsnakes tend to be small - the previous record holder was the Lesser Antillean threadsnake , at 110 millimetres .
But Hedges believes L. carlae is as small as it gets .
Thanks to their tiny body cavity , females only manage to lay a single , very elongated egg .
Any smaller and a snake would be unable to reproduce at all , he says .
( Image : S. Blair Hedges )
Psychedelic frogfish
Discovered : Indonesia
Documented : 2009
When the psychedelic frogfish , Histiophryne psychedelica , turned up at a popular dive site off Ambon Island , Indonesia , in January 2008 , it posed something of a mystery .
How had a brightly coloured , 8 - centimetre - long fish managed to stay hidden for so long in such well - trodden waters ?
Then , in June , it caused another stir , when all of the 12 or so individuals disappeared without trace .
But not before a team led by Theodore Pietsch from the University of Washington in Seattle had noted several brand new behaviours ( Copeia , 2009 , no 1 , p 37 ) .
Perhaps the oddest was that it seems to dislike swimming .
Like other frogfish , it " walks " along the reef on its long , leg - like pectoral fins , but when startled it does something unique .
While other species swim to safety , H. psychedelica escapes by jet propulsion , squirting water out of gill - like openings towards the back of its body as it pushes off the bottom with its fins .
This , says one diver who observed it , makes it look rather like " an inflated rubber ball bouncing along the bottom " .
The new species also hunts differently .
All the other 325 known species of anglerfish , the group to which frogfish belong , sit in the open and attract prey with a lure .
H. psychedelica has no lure .
Instead , it hunts by squeezing itself into tiny crevices where small fish hide .
Finally , while other species of frogfish change colour to match the coral they are sitting on , H. psychedelica stays true to its name whatever the background , sporting mind - bending swirls of orange , white and blue .
The psychedelic frogfish is still missing , presumed hiding .
With diving companies desperately seeking what was briefly their star attraction , we may yet find out where it came from and why it has taken such a different evolutionary path from its cousins .
( Image : David Hall / Seaphotos.com )
Advertisement
Pink cyanide millipede
Discovered : Thailand
Documented : 2007
It 's bright pink , smells of almonds and goes by the slightly camp name of " Mangkorn chomphoo " but you would n't want to mess with this beast .
Discovered in central Thailand in 2007 , Desmoxytes purpurosea is a large , spiny " dragon millipede " that oozes hydrogen cyanide to ward off predators - hence the almond - like smell .
The shocking pink is probably intended as another warning to leave well alone , says co-discoverer Henrik Enghoff of the Natural History Museum of Denmark in Copenhagen .
Potential predators seem to get the message : D. purpurosea spends its days hanging out in the open on leaves and rocks in its humid jungle habitat ( Zootaxa , vol 1563 , p 31 ) .
Mangkorn chomphoo -
Thai for " shocking - pink dragon millipede " - is the latest addition to the dragon millipede family , whose members are found in south - east Asia and Australia .
These creatures are often large , spiny and colourful , but Mangkorn Chomphoo takes the biscuit .
At about 3 centimetres in length , it is one of the largest , one of the spiniest and definitely the most lurid of them all .
( Image : Somsak Panha / WWF - UK )
Mammals galore
Discovered : Tanzania
Documented : 2008
Of all the world 's biodiversity hotspots , the Udzungwa mountains of central Tanzania are among the hottest .
Over the past decade , several new species have turned up here , including a partridge and even a monkey .
The latest discovery is a sengi , or elephant shrew .
It is not actually a shrew , but a member of the afrotheres , a group that includes elephants , hyraxes , aardvarks and sea cows .
Sengis are considered living fossils as the 15 known species are almost identical to their fossilised ancestors of 23 million years ago .
The new sengi , Rhynchocyon udzungwensis , weighs 700 grams and is the size of a large rabbit , which makes it a giant among elephant shrews ( Journal of Zoology , vol 274 , p 126 ) .
The giant sengi joins an astonishingly long list of recently discovered mammals : 1 in 10 known mammal species were discovered in the past 15 years .
The most important of these new arrivals is generally agreed to be the Laotian rock rat , Laonastes aenigmamus , a squirrel - sized rodent discovered in Laos in 2005 that is so different from any other known creature that a whole new family had to be devised to describe it .
( Image : Mason 's News Service / Rex )
Flesh - eating ghost slug
Discovered : Wales
Documented : 2008
Proving that the gardens of suburban Wales are just as mysterious as the rainforests of Borneo , the " alien , flesh - eating ghost slug " first appeared in a domestic garden in 2006 , but was only officially named Selenochlamys ysbryda last year .
According to Bill Symondson , an invertebrate ecologist at Cardiff University in the UK , who described the slug along with Ben Rowson of the National Museum of Wales in Cardiff , the ghost slug is " such a brilliant white it almost glows " .
It lives underground and hunts earthworms or other slugs by stretching itself into a long , worm - like shape and sneaking down earthworm burrows .
Then it uses sensitive receptors on its antennae to sniff out its prey .
When it finds a worm or slug it stabs its victim with its many sharp , spiny mouthparts ( in close - up , left , with a single tooth inset ) before sucking the rest of it - alive - into its mouth .
Since its closest relatives are found in the Caucasus region in south - west Asia , Symondson speculates that the species evolved in a cave system there , and was perhaps brought to the UK in bat guano that was exported as fertiliser .
Luckily , the species does n't seem to be taking its ghoulish title too seriously .
" They are at quite low densities , so we do n't think they are a threat to earthworm populations , " says Symondson .
( Image : Ben Rowson & Bill Symondson / National Museum Wales )
Blonde - ginger bat ( flying fox )
Discovered : Philippines
Documented : 2008
This blonde / ginger fruitbat has striking stripes on its face that make it look rather like a fox .
It is known as the Mindoro stripe - faced fruit bat , or Styloctenium mindorensis .
The species ' closest relative lives some 1,200 kilometres away on an island in Indonesia .
( Image : Harvey John D. Garcia )
Brown eelpout
Discovered : Antarctica
Described : 2006
Pachycara cousinsi is known from a single 41 - centimetre - long specimen .
The specimen was caught at a depth of 4.5 kilometres , during a British research expedition to the remote Crozet Islands , in the Indian Ocean between Antarctica and Africa .
The fish has " watery , jelly - like flesh , probably due to their sluggish lifestyle and as an adaptation to pressures exerted on their bodies . "
( Image : Nicola J. King )
Old species , new insights
It 's not only new species that can amaze scientists .
These creatures , discovered decades ago , are only now giving up their secrets .
The fish with a cockpit head
Discovered : California , 1939
Described : 2009
The 15 - centimetre - long deep - sea barreleye fish Macropinna microstoma was discovered 70 years ago off the California coast .
Until recently , though , little was known about it , as all known specimens were dead and damaged after being brought up in fishing nets .
This year , however , Bruce Robison from the Monterey Bay Aquarium Research Institute in California has collected the first footage of a live M. microstoma , filmed 600 to 800 metres down .
They also collected a live specimen to study on the surface .
For the first time , researchers were able to see a delicate , transparent , fluid - filled dome on the fish 's head , which completely encloses its bright green eyes .
The eyes were already known to face upwards to search for food through the gloom , but the live specimens revealed that once it has spotted food , it can swivel its eyes forward and swim straight upwards to catch it .
( Image : 2004 MBARI )
The only known lungless frog
Discovered : Borneo , 1978
Described : 2008
The Bornean flat - headed frog , Barbourula kalimantanensis , was discovered in Indonesian Borneo in 1978 , but it was only in 2008 , when two more populations were found , that scientists finally dissected a specimen and discovered it to be the only known frog species without lungs .
David Bickford of the National University of Singapore , who studied the frogs , believes that losing the buoyancy of the lungs allowed them to stay put on the bed of fast - flowing streams , where the higher oxygen content of the water allows them to get all they need through their skin .
Takes the car Top Speed through a Construction yard !
He comes so close to Biting the Dust so many times !
The Brain Rules , illustrated
Explore each rule through illustrations , charts and video .
These tutorials are designed
to reinforce the concepts in the book ; we recommend reading the corresponding
chapter first .
VIDEO FORMAT
EXERCISE : Exercise boosts brain power .
SURVIVAL : The human brain evolved , too .
WIRING : Every brain is wired differently .
ATTENTION : We do n't pay attention to boring things .
MEMORY ( SHORT - TERM ) : Repeat to remember .
MEMORY ( LONG - TERM ) : Remember to repeat .
SLEEP : Sleep well , think well .
STRESS : Stressed brains do n't learn the same way .
SENSORY INTEGRATION : Stimulate more of the senses .
VISION : Vision trumps all other senses .
MUSIC : Study or listen to boost cognition .
GENDER : Male and female brains are different .
EXPLORATION : We are powerful and natural explorers .
FLASH FORMAT
EXERCISE : Exercise boosts brain power .
SURVIVAL : The human brain evolved , too .
WIRING : Every brain is wired differently .
ATTENTION : We do n't pay attention to boring things .
MEMORY : Repeat to remember .
SLEEP : Sleep well , think well .
STRESS : Stressed brains do n't learn the same way .
SENSORY INTEGRATION : Stimulate more of the senses .
VISION : Vision trumps all other senses .
MUSIC : Study or listen to boost cognition .
GENDER : Male and female brains are different .
EXPLORATION : We are powerful and natural explorers .
A lot of people in the film industry like to draw the comparison between Hollywood and junior high , what with the cliques , the constant gossip , the incestuous interchange of dating partners , and the general level of immaturity .
I ca n’t disagree .
Following this metaphor that would mean film sets must be like summer camp , especially if it ’s a location shoot .
You start out excited , counting down the days until “ summer . ”
You pack your bags , say goodbye to your friends and family and then off you go for a couple months .
At first things are a little awkward .
Your sleeping accommodations take getting used to and the food sucks .
You do n’t know anyone and people naturally pair off into groups based on types ( actors , gaffers , art dept , etc ) , but soon you settle in and start having fun .
The 1st A.D. is the uptight counselor who yells at you for talking after lights out , the director is the camp - manager who you ’re a little nervous to bother cause he always seems busy and there will always be that “ cool counselor ” in the props or camera department who will sneak in beer .
You ’ll learn some new skills like how to shoot a gun , ride a horse or maybe you decide to learn guitar to pass the hours in your trailer .
The required activities are enjoyable but the real fun happens after hours around the campfire ( aka , the hotel bar ) .
You start making new friends .
Maybe you ’ll develop a crush or be crushed on by someone else and there 's a very good chance of a summer romance .
There ’s nothing worse than going off to summer camp already in a relationship .
What ’s the fun in that ?
You ’ll get a little homesick but you wo n’t mind because now you have a new posse and a new best friend .
You 'll all vow to continue being best buds when you get back home , yet inevitably once you return and settle into your old routine , you 'll slowly transition into Facebook and occasional - texting buddies .
But hey , no worries , there ’s always birthday parties !
When it 's all said and done you 'll leave with some good memories , some great photos , maybe a rash or two , a few souvenirs and a desperate longing for your own bed .
If you end up doing sequels to that film , the summer camp comparison only deepens when everyone returns for more shenanigans next summer .
« Go back a post || Return to G - A - Y homepage || Haul tail to next post »
04/10/2009
Ungoverned attacks : Organized anti-gays vs. democracy
by Jeremy Hooper
The Family Research Council , in their indomitable drive to stop LGBT rights at any cost , is now up to discrediting and undermining a whopping two of American government 's three fundamental branches :
Once respected for measured leadership that helped steady the pulse of the free world , appointed judges and elected legislators continue to refashion " freedom " into a dangerous caricature threatening the safety of women and children across America .
The latest from the Left has been a twin issue : their aggressive insistence on normalizing same - sex " marriage " and , now , the infamous " Bathroom Bill . "
Bathroom Bills , which allow men who dress as women access to women 's bathrooms , do so at the expense of everyone else ....
Bathroom Bills : Havens for Child Predators ! [ FRC ]
And of course they also chastise our president for just about any phonetic combo that comes from his mouth , and are against any governor who fails to stand lock - step with their " pro-family " agenda .
So it 's not like they 're doing cartwheels about the executive branch either .
What they are essentially suggesting is torch - wielding mob rule .
They 're more palatable in their presentations , saying they want a majority of " the people " to directly decide any and every rights matter .
But as fair - minded interpretations of the constitution become ever more de rigeur , it 's certainly majority tyranny that they 're suggesting as the one and only solution for America 's " queer problem . "
And yet it 's freedom that they say is becoming the " dangerous caricature " ?
Interesting .
Somehow when we think of this country 's potential harms , it 's the grossly exaggerated denunciations of this nation 's governing body that we see as fitting the bill , not basic support of liberty and justice for all .
Your thoughts
Do the people who fear sexual predaters donning drag to sneak into ladies rooms not realize that it 's possible for ANYONE to enter a ladies ' room ?
That donning drag is n't really necessary ?
Or do they think the sign on the door is some magic barrier that can identify gender and keep men out ?
Posted by : Bill S | Apr 10 , 2009 9:21:34 AM
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
G - A-Y Comments Policy
Check the last two installments on feminist and ability blogs .
So after some searching and a lot of procrastination , here ’s the next installment on good blogs around the interwebz .
Carnal Nation is an online magazine that features regular columns and a multimedia page .
You can subscribe to their homepage ( “ recent news ” ) that features stories like Woman Catches Robber , Keeps Him as Sex Slave , Australia Buzzing About Drug Store Vibrators , and Lend a Hand : The 2009 San Francisco Masturbate - a- thon .
Pam ’s House Blend : An Online Magazine in the Reality - Based Community .
The blog ’s tagline , “ always steamin ' ” appears to be literal : her team of writers have a steady flow of entries like Iowa National Guard will boot married gays ; former drill sergeant — do n’t let them near the guns and Did you hear the one about Gov. Paterson ?
He ’s BLIND .
Ha !
Ha !
Ha ha ha … throughout the day .
Dr. Petra Boynton : Sex Educator , Agony Aunt , Academic .
Dr. Petra takes on sex from both a legislative and relationship stance .
Her most recent post , Sexual rights for all – sign the petition !
gives links to the petition and resource materials for the 15 and Counting campaign for Planned Parenthood .
Polymorphous Perversity : sexuality • gender • law • policy • feminism • LGBT • censorship • sex work • civil rights • reproductive freedom • privacy • BDSM • family law • pornography • sexual health • sex education • discrimination • speech • marriage • international law • transgender • religion • culture .
Whew .
But with that kind of tag , how can you not be compelled to check it out ?
If you need an intro link , I suggest The bathroom canard lives on .
Scarleteen : Sex Ed for the Real World .
It seems geared for a younger ( by that I mean teenager - ish ) crowd and this is more of a site than a blog , but they do have a good forum to which you can subscribe .
Their current front page is directed towards “ boyfriends ” , which gives it a slightly yucky feel , but has good articles such as Genderpalooza !
A Sex & Gender Primer and Hey , Boyfriend !
Male Reproductive Choices .
Sex .
Justice .
Change . : a blog by Planned Parenthood of the Rochester / Syracuse Region .
Who does n’t love Planned Parenthood ?
Well , nevermind .
This blog is a great resource for news on sexual health and education .
It ’s got some good national news and will at least keep you up to date with what day ( National Day of Appreciation for Abortion Providers ) or month ( Sexual Assault Awareness Month ) it is .
Sexual Intelligence : Sex — and culture , politics , the media — and Sex , by Dr. Marty Klein .
Do n’t be put off by an old , white guy with letters after his name telling you about sex .
He ’s smart , funny and a great writer about modern manifestations of lingering issues .
Check out the posts Belgium Declares Pope Public Enemy and Florida Now Safe for Goats & Jesus .
See youtube interview with him above .
The title is so condensed , you do n’t need a tagline .
It has near daily updates on what ’s going on around the country , such as It ’s prom season , and the ACLU is ready with advice on same - sex dates and On 100th day , failing marks for Obama on gay issues ?
The Curvature : A Feminist Perspective on Politics and Culture .
You ’re not going to go around searching for sex blogs without running into Cara ’s writings .
Her blog is absolutely great and was featured in one of my previous blog roundups on feminism .
Check out her latest post , Cis Supremacy , Feminism and Women ’s Shelters .
This is the third of a series that attempts to bridge disciplinary gaps between causes .
No matter your cause of choice , or whichever blogs you follow , these issues are relevant .
The goal is to bridge dialogues and trade out “ special ” to “ common ” interest .
Captain Planet - style .
Know a blog that would be a good tenth ?
Have a reason why one of these does n’t belong with the rest ?
Leave a comment !
PUERTO CABEZAS , Nicaragua 
After declaring independence from the rest of Nicaragua in April , a group of indigenous activists from the Mosquito Coast readied a grand celebration to commemorate the occasion .
Their feast would be ruined , however , when the regional government sent in the police to seize the main course .
Commercial sales of turtle meat , which has long been a delicacy here , is restricted in Nicaragua because of declining populations of endangered green sea turtles  one of many cultural clashes that the people in this remote corner of Nicaragua , who have eaten turtle for generations , say have propelled them to create their own country , which they have dubbed the Communitarian Nation of Mosquitia .
The Council of Elders of the Miskito people has an extensive list of grievances .
For as long local residents can remember , the federal government has allowed outside companies to exploit the raw materials in their jungle territory  everything from lobster to lumber to gold .
Little benefit has come to the people who eke out a living here , they say .
Fed up , the separatists seized the region ’s ruling party headquarters on April 19 and appointed Héctor Williams as their wihta tara , or great judge .
Mr. Williams , a local religious leader whose thin black mustache stretches out toward his deep dimples , said the region suffered from a variety of woes  devastating hurricanes and rat plagues to a mysterious disease known as grisi siknis , which is marked by collective bouts of hysteria .
Rainer Joswig posted to reddit about a Flash game called Neuroarena .
The forum discussion has some cool screenshots , and later in the discussion the developer Karol outlines the use of SBCL to support the game :
Battle server is written completely in Common Lisp ( no C library used ) .
We use SBCL ( www.sbcl.org) which proved to be an absolutely fantastic development * and * production tool ( we had just one minor hassle with garbage collector conservatism ) .
It is used for all the actual game computation :
keeping correct state of world ( collision detection , ... ) pathfinding AI
For the AI , we have created our own visual language / compiler for describing AI based on graph representation , and that language is compiled using CL to quite performant native code .
We are using library I wrote some time ago for matching graph patterns describing the the AI behaviour ( http://common-lisp.net/project/patg)
Pelosi Accuses CIA of ' Misleading ' Her on Interrogations
By Paul Kane
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi today accused the CIA of " misleading " her on the use of harsh interrogation techniques in the fall of 2002 , acknowledging for the first time publicly she knew alleged terrorist detainees were subjected to waterboarding more than six years ago .
Pelosi called for the CIA to release detailed notes from her own September 2002 briefing about interrogation techniques .
She said today that , at that 2002 briefing , she was told the CIA was not waterboarding detainees despite later government reports showing that a high value al Qaeda detainee had been subjected to waterboarding 83 times in the weeks leading up to Pelosi 's briefing .
" At every step of the way , the administration was misleading the Congress .
And that is the issue , " Pelosi said in a heated news conference , linking the alleged misinformation on waterboarding to now discredited intelligence reports in fall 2002 about weapons of mass destruction in Iraq .
Today was Pelosi 's first chance to address the interrogation briefing issue since the CIA released a detailed memo last Thursday outlining 40 congressional briefings given since September 2002 regarding the use of what it calls " enhanced interrogation techniques " on suspected terrorists .
That memo included footnotes that appeared to contradict Pelosi 's previous statements that she was never personally briefed by Bush administration officials on the use of such tactics , including waterboading , a controversial technique that simulates drowning .
In a statement today , the agency stood by its memo , which said that Pelosi and then - Rep. Porter Goss ( R - Fla . ) , the top members of the intelligence committee at the time , were briefed on Sept. 4 , 2002 on the " the use of EITS " on an al Qaeda prisoner .
" The language in the chart --'a description of the particular EITs that had been employed '-- is true to the language in the Agency 's records , " a CIA spokesman said .
However , the agency reiterated its pronouncement from last week , when CIA Director Leon Panetta wrote to Congress that agency officials were relying on old " notes that summarized the best recollections of those individuals . "
Classified memos , with more detailed accounts of those recollection , remain under seal at the agency 's Langley , Va. , headquarters , where members of the intelligence committees are allowed only to review them .
The agency is reviewing the bipartisan request , from Pelosi and Rep. Peter Hoekstra ( R - Mich . ) , currently the ranking member of the House intelligence committee , to release the detailed summaries of that particular briefing .
Republicans have accused Pelosi of having full knowledge of the use of waterboarding and of tacitly supporting the program , noting that she never lodged any protest with the CIA about the issue or registered any complaint with Bush White House officials .
Hoekstra , at a press briefing after Pelosi 's remarks , suggested that every classified briefing he has been a part of ended with intelligence officials asking lawmakers , " Are we OK to move forward on this ? "
Last month President Obama released Bush - era Justice Department documents that provided the legal basis for the use of waterboarding and other harsh tactics on detainees , in interrogations that took place in so - called " dark sites " overseas .
After the release of the legal memos Pelosi joined other Democrats in calling for a " truth commission " to investigate those legal memos authorizing tactics that critics have said was torture , outlawed by international treaties .
Obama has rejected calls for such a commission , saying it would become a highly politicized issue that would do little to enhance public knowledge .
However , the Senate Intelligence Committee is conducting a broad review of the interrogation techniques .
Under pressure from Republicans to address when she learned of waterboarding , Pelosi for several weeks has insisted she was never briefed on the use of waterboarding .
She did not point out that in December 2007 she issued a little - noticed statement that said she became aware of waterboarding in February 2003 , when she left the intelligence committee to become House minority leader and Rep. Jane Harman ( D - Calif . ) succeeded her on the panel .
Harman was briefed Feb. 5 , 2003 about the use of waterboarding and told that tapes existed of the waterboarding of one detainee .
As the Washington Post reported Saturday , Pelosi's top aide on intelligence matters also attended the Harman briefing , a fact that Pelosi omitted from her statements on the issue for the past several years .
Today she acknowledged that her aide , Michael Sheehy , subsequently told her about the waterboarding interrogations .
It 's unclear if at that time Pelosi also learned that the detainee , Abu Zubaida , had been subjected to the harsh interrogation tactics before her September briefing .
She deflected criticism from Republicans that she did not object to waterboarding by suggesting that she supported Harman .
who wrote a letter to the CIA general counsel questioning the techniques and whether President Bush knew of their use .
" That is the proper person to send the letter , " Pelosi said , explaining that she was then the House minority leader and was not the " appropriate " person to object to the technique .
" My job was to change the majority in Congress and to change -- to fight to have a new president , because what was happening was not consistent with our values .
...
Something that had to be changed .
We did that .
We have a new president , " she said .
Many people are clearly and understandably incensed by Vice President Cheney ’s on - going media campaign advocating state - sponsored torture and his making what appear to be all sorts of false claims about how effective his torture policies were .
But though it ’s maddening and offensive , I ’m more on the side of being heartened or at least glad to see the exposure he ’s getting — not so much because it ’s politically damaging to the Republicans , which is probably true , but because he ’s ( as is his puppet daughter ) showing and ca n’t help but show more and more about who he is .
That ’s also one of the things that would be so healthy — and if I can be allowed some guilty pleasure , entertaining — about a full and detailed airing of all of Cheney ’s role .
Cheney ’s conceit is that he ’s tough enough , perhaps best to say , icy enough to make the trip to what he calls ‘ the dark side ’ to protect America .
But the picture emerging even from his own comments is very different .
It ’s of a small and paranoid man , a half - comic character off the pages of mid-20th century anti-totalitarian fiction , with a seemingly inordinate protectiveness for torture practices that seem to have been only marginally effective at best .
And yet here he is with the classified memo he keeps in a special folder in his desk making the case for his torture policies .
Here he is at another moment metaphorically tightening the screws on this or that detainee trying to get confessions about the fairytale al Qaida - Iraq link , though it ’s worth wondering whether he ’s really sure it ’s there or is open to getting false confessions that can then be leaked to this or that journo at the Washington Times or , sad to say , The New York Times .
You start to get the sense that just as Cheney committed his historic goof of launching off into Iraq while forgetting about dealing with al Qaida in Afghanistan and Pakistan he was doing something similar getting all wrapped up in the tough guy porn of torture that he remained ignorant of or just plain ignored the actual nuts and bolts of taking down or disabling terrorist organizations .
So by all means let him keep talking .
As TPM Reader BH notes , he seems unable to maintain his famed self - discipline and indifference to public opinion as his own sorry record dribbles into the public record .
The more that comes out about him , the more pathetic he seems .
Paranoia , serial poor judgment , inability to distinguish desires from facts and an almost adolescent inability not to get drawn into the thrill of the ‘ dark side ’ .
One of the ways you can bring in a new life in your home is by doing bathroom renovations .
Your bathroom should be a great sanctuary since it is one of the areas that is used often .
You need it bright , clean , cozy and should not just be a utilitarian space .
It should be an area where you can relax and spend some time after a long day .
Even a small makeover can make your bathroom look great and more functional .
Here are some of the other significant advantages of doing bathroom renovations .
Boost the value of your home
Bathroom renovations are top ways to enhance the overall value of your home in a significant way .
In modern times , home buyers consider the condition of the bathroom before they make the decision to buy a home or not .
Besides , they consider its status to determine if they can buy it at the quoted price .
By renovating your bathroom , you will not only help boost its value but make it more attractive to potential buyers .
You save a lot of money that you would otherwise use to market it since it will find potential buyers quickly .
Make it more energy efficient
During bathroom renovations , there are several things you can do to make your entire home more energy - efficient .
You can decide to install more energy - efficient features or update the old ones to make them more efficient .
Some of the things you can do include installing low flow toilets or water - saving showers .
If you have a limited budget , there is no need to worry because there are simple ways of renovating the bathroom , including installing new light bulbs .
The good thing is that by installing such energy - efficient features , you do not compromise the comfort and look of your bathroom .
Such renovations help you save a lot in terms of water and electricity bills .
Increase storage space
Performing bathroom renovations help increase the storage space in your house .
During the bathroom renovations Adelaide , you can consider adding more counters with storage areas for linens and towels .
In case your bathroom is on the smaller side , you can add a shelf , wall cabinet or a storage tower .
Improve its feel and look
Bathroom trends change regularly meaning that if you built your home ten years ago , your bathroom might be outdated .
Bathroom renovation is a great way to make it look updated and feel good .
It does not matter the kind of look you want to attain ; your contractor can renovate and give you that exact look .
Your bathroom will look updated and modern depending on modern trends .
Bottom line
To give your bathroom the kind of look you need and attain the set goals , it is good to take time and plan for the renovation work .
Make sure you have the right budget , work with the best bathroom
renovation contractor and never got for cheap material since they do not last for a long time .
Take the bathroom renovations as a long term investment .
When voters in parts of central and eastern India go to the polls today it will mark the start of the largest democratic ballot in history , a rolling wave of voting in five phases that will stretch over a month and demand formidable security measures , given the twin threats posed by Maoist rebels and jihadi terrorists .
To get some idea of the scale consider this : 43 million citizens , more than the adult population of England , have been added to the electoral roll since 2004 .
More than a million electronic voting machines are to be deployed at 828,000 polling stations .
No voter will be more than 2 km from a ballot box .
Elections can be violent .
In the first phase of polls five years ago more than 20 people died .
Although the central government has a million - man army , most election security is handled by a 250,000 - strong paramilitary force .
In the light of the terrorist attack in Mumbai last year election policing has been beefed up , and the Indian Premier League , the Twenty20 cricket competition , has been shifted to South Africa as it clashed with the polls .
Ever since the Congress party and the Gandhi family lost their grip on power in 1989 no single party has been able to run India .
At the last election the Congress party took only 145 seats out of 543 , with 26 % of the vote .
It took office by sharing power with partners .
Despite the arrival of coalition politics , turnout has remained stable at around 60 % and poor minorities are more likely to vote than anyone else .
There are three main groupings : the United Progressive Alliance , dominated by the Congress party ; the Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) , built around Bharatiya Janata Dal ; and the Third Front , centred on the Communists .
This means that , unlike in Britain or the US , the election will almost certainly not be dominated by a single personality .
In an opinion poll this year for the Centre for the Study of Developing Societies , a Delhi thinktank , no leader enjoyed 25 % approval as a possible prime minister .
The most popular leader is probably Sonia Gandhi , president of the Congress party .
Gandhi , 63 , who was born in Italy , has proved an astute politician , winning the last election against the odds but refusing to become prime minister , knowing her foreign birth would become too hot an issue .
Instead she appointed Manmohan Singh as prime minister , leaving him to formulate policy while she handled the complex deal - making involved in coalition building .
She also brought in her son Rahul , 38 , who has begun to rebuild the party .
Her daughter Priyanka , 37 , is a star campaigner who draws huge crowds but so far has not contested an election .
The Congress party , say pundits , is the favourite because it is in power and can point to tangible achievements .
For example , it pushed through big pay rises for 4.5 million government employees this year , engendering goodwill in urban areas .
The elite applauded Singh for winning a knife - edge parliamentary vote last year in which he secured a nuclear deal with the US that allowed India to keep its atomic weapons and still be sold nuclear reactors .
Most important perhaps in terms of votes , the Congress coalition also set up the first social security scheme in India , guaranteeing 100 days of work to poor households in the countryside .
Although the cost is estimated at 400bn rupees ( £ 5.4 bn ) this year , it should bring in votes among India 's 600 million agricultural workforce .
" This scheme has been a real winner for the Congress , " said Manoj Joshi , a political columnist .
" There is a better mood in the countryside .
Some of this is because of good monsoons , but Congress will get the votes . "
In the opposite camp is the Bharatiya Janata party , led by Lal Krishna Advani , 81 .
The party 's pollsters say it should win votes based on three main issues : terror attacks , the dynastic politics of the Congress party and the appeasement of minorities , especially Muslims .
These three issues were fused in the uproar over speeches by Varun Gandhi , 29 , the great grandson of India 's first prime minister , Jawaharlal Nehru .
Although a Gandhi , he has become a mascot for the BJP .
In March the budding poet told cheering crowds in a marginal constituency that he would cut the " head of Muslims " ( sic ) and if anyone raised a finger against Hindus he would " cut that hand " .
Another powerful line of attack is that India 's economic growth , which has been at 8 % for five years , never reached the ordinary man .
" What has [ he ] seen ?
Price rises , joblessness and poverty , " said Sudheendra Kulkarni , an aide to Advani .
However , the real power lies with the regional parties .
Congress and the BJP square up in only seven out of 28 states .
In almost every other state , the contest boils down to one of the national parties facing a local politician .
The most important of these is likely to be Kumari Mayawati .
Her dedicated cadre of workers from the Dalit group ( once known as untouchables ) , and her wooing of the upper castes created an upset in 2007 when her party swept to power in India 's most populous state , Uttar Pradesh .
Her policies are claimed to be about social justice but in reality are designed to capture jobs through quotas for her supporters .
Mayawati's victory in the northern state , which has 80 seats and is considered a bellwether of public opinion , was a political earthquake .
Analysts say Mayawati 's significance is the possible emergence of a third national party .
If the regional parties coalesce around her , said Mahesh Rangarajan , a political commentator , she could be the " fulcrum of a new power arrangement " .
If Mayawati gets 40 or more seats , " she is possibly prime minister " , he added .
• This article was amended on Thursday 16 April 2009 .
In the article above we referred to Kumari Mayawati's " untouchable workers " .
This group of workers were known simply as " untouchables " .
We also referred to the National Democratic Alliance being led by the Bharatiya Janata Dal .
It should have been the Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) .
These errors have been corrected .
Good Cop , Bad Cop Police Officer Arrested for Joining Berlin's May Day Riot
During the May Day protests last week , Berlin police clashed with nearly every kind of demonstrator imaginable -- including one of their own .
An off - duty police officer from Frankfurt has been arrested for stone - throwing during riots which left over 450 of his colleagues injured .
Wacky wingnut Sen. Jim " Your Conservative Voice in the Senate " DeMint ( R - SC ) is trying to raise a stink about this .
Are people being put to work with the stimulus money ?
If yes , then shut your piehole , Jim :
WASHINGTON — President Obama and congressional Democrats have defended the $ 787 billion stimulus package against accusations of pork - barrel spending by saying the bill did not direct money to projects requested by members of Congress .
Still , that has n't stopped lawmakers from working behind the scenes to try to influence how the money is spent , according to agency records .
Dozens of members of Congress from both parties have called , written or e-mailed agencies urging them to fund projects in their districts or states .
So freakin ' what ?
As Barney Frank points out , is n't that their job ?
Among the projects supported by members of Congress that have been funded : $ 116 million for a federal courthouse in Austin ; $ 35 million to $ 60 million for toxic waste cleanups in Massachusetts and Colorado ; and $ 5 million for the removal of pine trees killed by bark beetles in Colorado , records show .
Ten of 27 departments and agencies receiving stimulus money have released records of contacts by lawmakers under Freedom of Information Act requests USA TODAY filed in April .
Those records detailed 53 letters , phone calls and e-mails recommending projects from 60 members from February through the end of May .
Thirteen of those lawmakers voted against the stimulus package .
Seems to me that 's the real story .
Why does n't USA Today list the lawmakers who voted against the stimulus but are still trying to grab the dough ?
Could it be because of their party affiliation , perhaps ?
Budget watchdogs worry that political pressure from members of Congress could threaten the impartiality of agency decisions .
" This is really subverting the intent of the legislation , when members call an agency and say , ' Fund my project , ' " says Thomas Schatz of the non-partisan Citizens Against Government Waste .
" Especially if it's an appropriations committee member that 's in charge of the agency 's budget , it 's likely the agency will accede to that request . "
Oh , let 's talk about Citizens Against Government Waste , shall we ?
A right - wing group funded by the usual suspects - the Olin Foundation , the Bradley Foundation - and Big Biz , like the tobacco lobby and Microsoft .
Coincidentally , one of their biggest campaigns was against ... open source software , that well - known threat to humanity .
They also lobbied Congress on behalf of the tobacco industry .
Hmm .
Lawmakers say they are just doing their jobs .
" One of the dumbest things I 've ever heard is the notion that members of Congress should have no say on how government money is spent , " said Rep. Barney Frank , D - Mass. , who successfully petitioned the Environmental Protection Agency to use stimulus money to speed cleanup of a polluted harbor .
Congress enacted rules two years ago requiring lawmakers to disclose their requests for funding of projects inserted into annual spending bills and to certify that the projects would not directly benefit themselves or close relatives .
The stimulus bill , however , contained no specific projects — known as earmarks — prompting lawmakers to seek other ways to direct spending .
Horrors !
A bill gets passed that does n't specify how it 's spent - and Congress tries to lobby on behalf of projects !
The sky is falling !
Sounds like a lazy reporter got a press release from Citizens Against Government Waste , is how it sounds to me .
But what do I know ?
Taking aim at the way news is spread across the Internet , The Associated Press said on Monday that Web sites that used the work of news organizations must obtain permission and share revenue with them , and that it would take legal action against those that did not .
A.P. executives said they were concerned about a variety of news forums around the Web , including major search engines like Google and Yahoo and aggregators like the Drudge Report that link to news articles , smaller sites that sometimes reproduce articles whole , and companies that sell packaged news feeds .
They said they did not want to stop the appearance of articles around the Web , but to exercise some control over the practice and to profit from it .
The group ’s new stance applies to thousands of news organizations whose work is distributed by The A.P. , as well as its own material , but the debate about unauthorized use has focused on newspapers , which are in serious financial trouble , and which own The A.P .
The policies were adopted by the A.P. board , composed mostly of newspaper industry executives .
JRuby 1.3 will soon be released , and one useful improvement will be Nailgun integration :
For those not familiar , " NailGun is a client , protocol , and server for running Java programs from the command line without incurring the JVM startup overhead .
Programs run in the server ( implemented in java ) , triggered by the client ( written in C ) , which handles all I/O . "
Another reason to upgrade to 1.3 as soon as it's out is Nokogiri support .
Nokogiri 1.3.0rc1 works with JRuby via ruby - ffi :
Thanks to herculean efforts by my nokogiri partner in crime , Mike Dalessio , nokogiri now works on JRuby 1.3.0RC1 via FFI .
To install this prerelease gem do this :
$ jgem install nokogiri -s http://tenderlovemaking.com/
Charles Nutter also continues to experiment with how ruby - ffi can improve system integration of JRuby .
In Ruby 1.9.1 news , a new update Ruby 1.9.1 - p129 has been released :
This is a patch level release for Ruby 1.9.1 .
This fixes many bugs and two security vulnerabilities .
This release contains security fix so we recommend all 1.9.1 users to upgrade your ruby .
The security vulnerabilities concern Ruby / DL , the API to load and use shared libraries .
Finally , the MagLev project is progressing steadily .
An audio interview over at Akita on Rails , recorded at RailsConf '09 gives a good update on what 's going on ( the MagLev interview is the 2nd interview from the bottom ) .
The interview contains tons of technical information , but also some release plans , such as plans for a public beta after Q2 and possible release of the MagLev source on GitHub .
PRINCETON , NJ -- A new Gallup Poll , conducted May 7 - 10 , finds 51 % of Americans calling themselves " pro-life " on the issue of abortion and 42 % " pro-choice . "
This is the first time a majority of U.S. adults have identified themselves as pro-life since Gallup began asking this question in 1995 .
The new results , obtained from Gallup 's annual Values and Beliefs survey , represent a significant shift from a year ago , when 50 % were pro-choice and 44 % pro-life .
Prior to now , the highest percentage identifying as pro-life was 46 % , in both August 2001 and May 2002 .
The May 2009 survey documents comparable changes in public views about the legality of abortion .
In answer to a question providing three options for the extent to which abortion should be legal , about as many Americans now say the procedure should be illegal in all circumstances ( 23 % ) as say it should be legal under any circumstances ( 22 % ) .
This contrasts with the last four years , when Gallup found a strong tilt of public attitudes in favor of unrestricted abortion .
Gallup also found public preferences for the extreme views on abortion about even -- as they are today -- in 2005 and 2002 , as well as during much of the first decade of polling on this question from 1975 to 1985 .
Still , the dominant position on this question remains the middle option , as it has continuously since 1975 : 53 % currently say abortion should be legal only under certain circumstances .
When the views of this middle group are probed further -- asking these respondents whether they believe abortion should be legal in most or only a few circumstances -- Gallup finds the following breakdown in opinion .
Americans ' recent shift toward the pro-life position is confirmed in two other surveys .
The same three abortion questions asked on the Gallup Values and Beliefs survey were included in Gallup Poll Daily tracking from May 12 - 13 , with nearly identical results , including a 50 % to 43 % pro-life versus pro-choice split on the self - identification question .
Additionally , a recent national survey by the Pew Research Center recorded an eight percentage - point decline since last August in those saying abortion should be legal in all or most cases , from 54 % to 46 % .
The percentage saying abortion should be legal in only a few or no cases increased from 41 % to 44 % over the same period .
As a result , support for the two broad positions is now about even , sharply different from most polling on this question since 1995 , when the majority has typically favored legality .
Republicans Move to the Right
The source of the shift in abortion views is clear in the Gallup Values and Beliefs survey .
The percentage of Republicans ( including independents who lean Republican ) calling themselves " pro-life " rose by 10 points over the past year , from 60 % to 70 % , while there has been essentially no change in the views of Democrats and Democratic leaners .
Similarly , by ideology , all of the increase in pro-life sentiment is seen among self - identified conservatives and moderates ; the abortion views of political liberals have not changed .
" Pro-Life " Up Among Catholics and Protestants
One of the more prominent news stories touching on the abortion issue in recent months involves President Barack Obama 's commencement speech and the bestowal of an honorary doctorate degree on him at the University of Notre Dame -- a Roman Catholic institution -- on Sunday .
The invitation has drawn criticism from conservative Catholics and the church hierarchy because of Obama 's policies in favor of legalizing and funding abortion , and the controversy might have been expected to strengthen the pro-life leanings of rank - and - file Catholics .
Nevertheless , the swelling of the pro-life position since last year is seen across Christian religious affiliations , including an eight - point gain among Protestants and a seven - point gain among Catholics .
Gender Agreement
A year ago , Gallup found more women calling themselves pro-choice than pro-life , by 50 % to 43 % , while men were more closely divided : 49 % pro-choice , 46 % pro-life .
Now , because of heightened pro-life sentiment among both groups , women as well as men are more likely to be pro-life .
Men and women have been evenly divided on the issue in previous years ; however , this is the first time in nine years of Gallup Values surveys that significantly more men and women are pro-life than pro-choice .
Bottom Line
With the first pro-choice president in eight years already making changes to the nation 's policies on funding abortion overseas , expressing his support for the Freedom of Choice Act , and moving toward rescinding federal job protections for medical workers who refuse to participate in abortion procedures , Americans -- and , in particular , Republicans -- seem to be taking a step back from the pro-choice position .
However , the retreat is evident among political moderates as well as conservatives .
It is possible that , through his abortion policies , Obama has pushed the public 's understanding of what it means to be " pro-choice " slightly to the left , politically .
While Democrats may support that , as they generally support everything Obama is doing as president , it may be driving others in the opposite direction .
Survey Methods
Results are based on telephone interviews with 1,015 national adults , aged 18 and older , conducted May 7 - 10 , 2009 .
For results based on the total sample of national adults , one can say with 95 % confidence that the maximum margin of sampling error is ±3 percentage points .
Gallup Poll Daily results are based on telephone interviews with 971 national adults , aged 18 and older , conducted May 12 - 13 , 2009 , as part of Gallup Poll Daily tracking .
For results based on the total sample of national adults , one can say with 95 % confidence that the maximum margin of sampling error is ±3 percentage points .
Interviews are conducted with respondents on land - line telephones ( for respondents with a land - line telephone ) and cellular phones ( for respondents who are cell - phone only ) .
In addition to sampling error , question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into the findings of public opinion polls .
12th June 2009 , 02:04 pm
Part one of this series introduced the problem of memoizing functions involving polymorphic recursion .
The caching data structures used in memoization typically handle only one type of argument at a time .
For instance , one can have finite maps of differing types , but each concrete finite map holds just one type of key and one type of value .
I extended memoization to handle polymorphic recursion by using an existential type together with a reified type of types .
This extension works ( afaik ) , but it is restricted to a particular form for the type of the polymorphic function being memoized , namely
-- Polymorphic function type k :--> v = forall a. HasType a => k a -> v a
My motivating example is a GADT - based representation of typed lambda calculus , and some of the functions I want to memoize do not fit the pattern .
After writing part one , I fooled around and found that I could transform these awkwardly typed polymorphic functions into isomorphic form that does indeed fit the restricted pattern of polymorphic types I can handle .
Awkward types
The first awkwardly typed memoizee is the function application constructor :
type AT = forall a b .
( HasType a , HasType b ) => E ( a -> b ) -> E a -> E b ( :^ ) :: AT
Right away AT misses the required form .
It has two HasType constraints , and the first argument is parameterized over two type variables instead of one .
However , the second argument looks more promising , so let ’s flip the arguments to get an isomorphic type :
forall a b .
( HasType a , HasType b ) => E a -> E ( a -> b ) ->
E b
And then move the quantifier and constraint on b inside the outer ( first ) -> :
forall a .
HasType a => E a -> ( forall b. HasType b => E ( a -> b ) -> E b )
We ’re getting closer .
Next , define a newtype wrapper .
newtype A2 a = A2 ( forall b. HasType b => E ( a -> b ) -> E b )
So that AT is isomorphic to
forall a .
HasType a => E a ->
A2 a
i.e. ,
E :--> A2
The function inside of A2 does n’t have the required form , but another newtype wrapper finishes the job .
newtype EF a b = EF {unEF :: E ( a -> b ) } type H' a = EF a :-->
E newtype H a = H { unH :: H' a }
The AT type is isomorphic AP where
type AP = E :--> H
Curried memoization
A “ curried memo function ” is one that takes one argument and produces another memo function .
For a simple memo function , not involving polymorphic recursion , there ’s a simple recipe for curried memoization :
memo2 :: ( a -> b -> c ) -> ( a -> b -> c ) memo2 f = memo ( memo . f )
Our more polymorphic memo makes currying a little more awkward .
First , here ’s a helper function for working inside of the representation of an H :
inH :: ( H' a -> H' a ) ->
( H a -> H a ) inH h z = H ( h ( unH z ) )
The following more elegant definition does n’t type - check , due to the rank 2 polymorphism :
inH f = H . f . unH -- type error
Now our AP memoizer is much like memo2 :
memoAP :: AP -> AP memoAP app ' = memo ( inH memo . app ' )
( A more general , consistent type for memoAP is ( f :--> H ) -> ( f :--> H ) . )
Isomorphisms
Now , to define the isomorphisms .
Define
toAP :: AT -> AP fromAP :: AP -> AT
The definitions :
toAP app ea = H $ ( EF eab ) -> app eab ea fromAP app ' eab ea = unH ( app ' ea ) ( EF eab )
If you erase the newtype wrappers & unwrappers , you ’ll see that toAP and fromAP are both just flip .
I constructed fromAP from the following specification :
toAP ( fromAP app ' ) == app '
Transforming step - by - step into equivalent specifications :
ea -> H $ ( EF eab ) -> ( fromAP app ' ) eab ea == app ' H $ ( EF eab ) -> ( fromAP app ' ) eab ea == app ' ea ( EF eab ) -> ( fromAP app ' ) eab ea == unH ( app ' ea ) ( fromAP app ' ) eab ea == unH ( app ' ea ) ( EF eab ) fromAP app ' eab ea == unH ( app ' ea ) ( EF eab )
Memoizing vis isomorphisms
Finally , I can memoize
memoAT :: AT -> AT memoAT app = fromAP ( memoAP ( toAP app ) )
Again , a more elegant definition via (. ) fails to type - check , due to rank 2 polymorphism .
The Lam ( lambda abstraction ) constructor can be handled similarly :
Lam :: ( HasType a , HasType b ) => V a -> E b -> E ( a -> b)
This time , no flip is needed .
I wonder
How far does this isomorphism trick go ?
Is there an easier way to memoize polymorphic functions ?
Part one of this series introduced the problem of memoizing functions involving polymorphic recursion .
The caching data structures used in memoization typically handle only one type of argument at a ...
Texas Divorce
Aug 8 , 2012 by Headmaster
It is often said that everything is bigger in Texas .
However , the Lone Star state is actually only the second largest state in the U.S. in both size and population .
That distinction does make
Texas the state with the most people in the most places though , and many of the over 25 million Texas residents are getting divorced each year .
According to the state ’s Bureau of Vital Statistics , a steady rate of about 100,000 Texas divorces per year have been recorded over the last five years .
Half of the divorces involve dependant children , with an estimated 70,000 kids under age 18 affected by Texas divorces .
Like the state itself , the numbers are big .
Divorce laws in the United States are state specific and in Texas they can also be county - specific , as each of the 254 counties in Texas can have special local processes in addition to the Texas Rules of Civil Procedure .
This means a divorce in Texas will be handled according to the county it is filed in and the particular court that hears it .
However , statewide , Texas is a mixed divorce law state , allowing both “ fault ”  and “ no - fault ”  grounds when seeking a divorce .
One spouse must be a Texas resident for at least 6 months before they can file for divorce .
When they do file , most Texas divorces are of the no-fault variety with fault grounds applied when disputes over issues like custody and property arise .
Appropriate grounds for marriage fault in Texas are cruelty , adultery , felony imprisonment for a year , abandonment for one year , separation for three years or mental hospital confinement for three years .
Texas is a community property state where all income earned and property acquired by either spouse during the marriage is considered property of the marriage and owned equally by both parties .
At the time of divorce , all assets and property are divided between spouses .
Texas child support guidelines require both parents to continue contact and support of all dependant children after divorce .
The courts assign the amount of child support according to each parent ’s earning capability and resources .
Visitation schedules are determined by the court based on the best interests of the children involved .
All Texas divorces are filed within the District Court of Texas of the county in which at least one of the parties in the divorce resides .
Respondents must have been a county resident for 90 days prior to filing in addition to the 6 - month state residency requirement .
Texas courts encourage the use of divorce mediation and can make mediation agreements binding in settlement agreements .
The Texas courts believe mediation can help save time and money in uncontested divorces .
If your Texas divorce is likely to be complicated or contested , it might be best to arrange an initial consultation with a lawyer specializing in divorce and family law in your county .
A South Carolina judge has ordered the state attorney general 's office to stop pursuing criminal charges against Craigslist.com while a lawsuit related to prostitution ads on the popular classifieds site makes its way through the courts .
South Carolina Attorney General Henry McMaster has threatened criminal action against Craigslist .
In statements to the media and on his Web site , South Carolina Attorney General Henry McMaster has accused Craigslist 's operators of not doing enough to eliminate ads soliciting prostitution in accordance with an agreement struck last November with 40 states attorney generals .
Earlier this month , McMaster sent a letter to Craigslist CEO Jim Buckmaster accusing the site of failing to " install sufficient safeguards " to prevent it from being used " as a vehicle to advertise or solicit prostitution . "
McMaster set a deadline of 5 p.m.
May 15 to permanently remove portions of the site " allowing for the solicitation of prostitution and the dissemination and posting of graphic pornographic material " or face criminal prosecution .
In response , Craigslist filed a lawsuit on Wednesday seeking to prevent McMaster and his employees from charging the site with crimes related to the ads , claiming that to do so violates Craigslist 's First and Fourteenth Amendment Rights .
The site also alleges that McMaster 's threats of prosecution violate the Communications Decency Act , which states that no " provider or user of an interactive computer service shall be treated as the publisher or speaker of any information provided by another information content provider . "
On Friday , Judge Weston Houck granted Craigslist 's request for a temporary restraining order preventing McMaster and his employees from " initiating or pursuing and prosecution against craigslist or its officers and employees in relation to content posted by third parties on Craigslist 's Web site " until the court rules on the merits of the site 's lawsuit .
Craigslist 's lawsuit cites an interview McMaster gave to Fox News on Monday , in which he likened the site " to a hotel or motel owner that knows prostitution is going on on their premises and fails to do anything about it especially after having been told . "
The lawsuit contends that , because the site relies on posters for content , McMaster 's threats leave Craigslist with no choice other than to shut down its South Carolina section or face criminal prosecution .
Craigslist 's says that since November , the San Francisco , California - based company has undertaken significant good faith measures to cut back on prostitution - related ads , accounting for an 80 percent reduction in ads in its erotic services subcategory in U.S. cities .
Some of the measures included asking posters for credit card number and telephone verification , implementing keyword filtering , and shuttering the erotic services section altogether , the Web site claims .
In its place , the site established an adult section , where , in addition to the previous measures employed , the ads are also manually reviewed to ensure compliance with the site 's Terms of Use , resulting in just 40 ads in the section as of May 18 , the lawsuit claims .
" The defensive legal action Craigslist has taken against the solicitors and my office is good news .
It shows that Craigslist is taking the matter seriously for the first time , " McMaster said in a post on his Web site on May 20 , the day the lawsuit was filed .
" Unfortunately , we had to inform them of possible state criminal violations concerning their past practices to produce a serious response .
We trust they will now adhere to the higher standards they have promised . "
All About Craigslist Inc. • South Carolina
When at last he found the perfect spot on the top of a small ridge , Paco set to work on his portable observatory as we set up a shelter from the sun .
" I may have seen many eclipses , " he told us , " but each time it 's different .
And it all happens so quickly .
So I have a tape recorder to remind me what to do and when .
When to take pictures and with which camera , when to use the telescope , when to use the video , when to look with the naked eye . "
Hubble Flight Tests Toolmakers
Steven Siceloff
NASA 's John F. Kennedy Space Center
NASA 's upcoming flight to service the agency ’s Hubble Space Telescope will test more than 100 new tools developed to install and replace components , some of which designers never intended astronauts to fix on orbit .
Many of the STS - 125 mission ’s goals rely on devices that did n’t exist five years ago .
" Recently , due to some failures of instruments on board , we ’ve had to design tools that fix things that were n’t anticipated to ever need to be fixed in space , " said Justin Cassidy , the lead systems engineer for Crew Aids and Tools at NASA ’s Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt , Md. For example , a power failure in 2004 crippled Hubble ’s Space Telescope Imaging Spectrograph .
After the failure was traced to the instrument ’s power supply , Cassidy ’s team set to work right away to develop a tool that would allow astronauts to replace it .
But the power supply was not designed to be easily changed by spacewalking astronauts .
Cassidy compared the work astronauts would have to do to opening up a computer and replacing a board while wearing thick gloves on their hands and a fishbowl on their head .
During the development of the new device , the engineers had to account for , among other things : •
The tight quarters the astronaut would have to work in with the tool . •
The brief amount of time an astronaut has to take out each fastener to release the board . •
Temperature swings of 500 degrees from the heat of direct sunlight to frigid shade .
Either extreme can make the metal innards of a power tool seize up instantly . •
What would happen to each of the 111 fasteners in weightlessness . •
How much the tools weigh . •
Whether the tools can withstand the vibrations of launch .
Nothing in the astronaut ’s regular tool kit could remove so many fasteners in a short time , Cassidy said .
The pistol - grip tool , which is NASA ’s version of a cordless drill , turns about 15 times a minute on the high side .
It ’s a staple for space construction , but could not do the job fast enough on the Hubble servicing flight .
Engineers wanted at least 10 times that speed , but did n’t need the torque the pistol - grip tool generated .
" With these fasteners , you do n’t need a really strong motor to break them free , but what you need is a really , really fast motor to be able to , basically like an Indy pit crew , to be able to buzz through all these fasteners in a very rapid succession of time , " Cassidy said .
They also needed something to corral all the fasteners as they came loose .
Otherwise , they might float into something critical inside the telescope and cause a problem .
It took four to five years to develop the mini power tool and the fastener capture plate , Cassidy said .
The power tool spins at 210 revolutions per minute .
The capture plate , meanwhile , was designed to work with the fastener tools and simply collects each fastener as it is removed .
With the mini power tool devised , engineers also began adapting it to the second Hubble instrument that recently failed , the Advanced Camera for Surveys , or ACS .
The instrument ’s cover , just like that of the spectrograph , was not intended to be repaired by astronauts .
Although it has only 32 fasteners , the electronics box is tucked in a corner , Cassidy said .
That limits the mobility a bulky spacewalker will have .
" The repair was so much similar to ( the spectrograph ) that we were able to adapt them or convert them over to a design that would work with ACS , " Cassidy said .
" So we ’re not using the same tool , but we ’re using the same design philosophy that we invested so much time in years beforehand and be able to apply that onto this ACS repair .
"
The timeframe may sound long , but it includes a succession of careful steps from sketches to detailed drawings , to rough prototypes before something is ready for even a rudimentary tryout .
By the time a new tool is tucked inside a shuttle , the astronauts who will use it have tried training versions inside the Neutral Buoyancy Laboratory at NASA ’s Johnson Space Center in Houston , and made suggestions of their own .
Engineers like Cassidy typically follow the astronauts into the pool , which simulates weightlessness in space , to see how the tryout progresses .
The tools also get workouts in Goddard ’s own clean room .
Every tool has its surprises during development , Cassidy explained .
" There was a tool I thought would work a certain way and when I actually had the tool in my hand and started using it , it did n’t work the way I thought it would .
Or the combination of tools were not the ones I originally had selected , " Cassidy said .
The toolmakers work primarily with aluminum , but take pains to hollow out sections where they can to save weight .
Also , the designs typically do not press for extremely tight tolerances , because that would lengthen the time it takes to manufacture a new device .
With the changes made and tools proven , the tools have been packed into several different areas of space shuttle Atlantis and its equipment carriers for the ride into space .
If they work as planned , then Hubble will be able to continue its groundbreaking observations of the universe for years to come .
By Debra Saunders - February 22 , 2009
LONDON --
Think that credit collapse that triggered the Bush administration 's $ 700 billion bank bailout was necessary because of Republican hostility to regulation and the ineptness of President George W. Bush ?
If it were that simple , then British Prime Minister Gordon Brown and his Labor Party would not be squirming , and the United Kingdom would not be swimming in staggering sums of debt .
It was not that long ago that market watchers hailed Brown as the savvy Euro - technocrat who , as the United Kingdom 's former chancellor of the exchequer , understood capital markets and calmly navigated British finance through the storms that swamped Bushdom last year .
When the Halifax Bank of Scotland was on the verge of collapse in September , Brown began working on a takeover of the bank by Lloyds TSB -- for which the prime minister was hailed as a hero who averted a crisis .
But the deal did not save the empire .
Instead , it helped sink Lloyds , requiring government intervention .
British taxpayers now own a 43 percent stake in Lloyds -- which may grow .
Some wonder if Brown will have to nationalize Lloyds .
Oh , yes , and last week , the Sunday Telegraph reported that Lloyds was planning to pay 120 million pounds ( $ 171.72 million ) in bonuses to top execs .
Sound familiar ?
This part is , too :
There were Cassandras in both countries warning of impending disaster .
Earlier this month in Washington , whistleblower Harry Markopolos testified before the House Subcommittee on Capital Markets about how he had figured out back in 2000 that financier Bernard Madoff , who now has admitted to bilking investors of a whopping $ 50 billion , was a fraud .
Not only did Markopolos find and document evidence of fraud , but worse , he repeatedly handed the information to Securities and Exchange Commission staff .
Staff members either did n't understand the information or did not care .
Now Brown has his own Markopolos .
His name is Paul Moore , the former head of risk management for Halifax Bank of Scotland .
Before a House of Commons Treasury Select Committee this month , Moore testified that he warned the bank between 2002 and 2005 that the sales - driven culture under bank head Sir James Crosby would lead to ruin .
" You know the adverts that beg you to buy more ?
People must be protected from falling into so much debt , " Moore told the Independent on Sunday .
For his troubles , the bank canned Moore , then worked out a 500,000 pound ( $ 715,515 ) legal settlement that demanded his silence .
It turns out that the man who fired Moore for issuing this sage advice , Crosby , later was named by Brown to be the No. 2 regulator at the Financial Services Authority .
After Moore 's testimony , Crosby resigned , but the damage to Brown was done .
Moore also told the Independent , " Brown presided over a policy based on excessive consumer spending based on ... massively increasing property prices , which were caused by excessively easy credit which could only ultimately lead to disaster .
But no , in Gordon 's mind it was all caused by global events beyond his and anybody else 's control . "
The word from No. 10 Downing Street is that Brown has " no regrets " about the Lloyds / HBOS deal .
Tory leader David Cameron now calls the merger " a bad decision , " and others have cited the " no regrets " line as proof that Brown is out of touch and unable to admit mistakes .
It 's easy to kick Brown , even if the Lloyds / HBOS merger -- and his boast at the time , " We have changed the competition law " -- may have kept the economy from sinking faster and deeper .
The moral of the story :
No matter which party is in charge , leaders are likely to be too cozy with people who make big money .
In the end , Brown would have been better served with a friend named Paul Moore than a colleague named Sir James .
( President Obama , take note .
Maybe you want to share your BlackBerry address with Markopolos and Moore . )
The other moral : Throughout the Bush years , Democratic critics spoke as if every problem would be dealt with smoothly under different leadership .
But in the United Kingdom -- one of Our Betters in Europe , with European higher taxes and commitment to liberal regulation -- their very European Union oversaw the same credit craze that occurred under the bumbling , right - wing , go - it - alone Bush .
It is now more than 200 years since the great astronomer William Herschel observed a correlation between wheat prices and sunspots .
When the latter were few in number , he noted , the climate turned colder and drier , crop yields fell and wheat prices rose .
In the past two years , sunspot activity has dropped to its lowest point for a century .
One of our biggest worries is that our politicians are so fixated on the idea that CO2 is causing global warming that most of them have n't noticed that the problem may be that the world is not warming but cooling , with all the implications that has for whether we get enough to eat .
It 's enough to raise the hackles of bibliophiles from Cairo to California .
Last year , Egyptian Culture Minister Farouk Hosni was asked about the availability of Hebrew language books in the storied Library of Alexandria .
“ If there are any there , I will myself burn them in front of you , ” he reportedly said .
The comments were picked up several Western news sources , but did not really hit headlines until this spring , when Hosni was nominated for the head of UNESCO .
Now Hosni is being assailed by authors such as Bernard - Henri Lévy and Elie Wiesel , the Nobel peace laureate .
Lévy , Wiesel , and Claude Lanzmann , a filmmaker , recently wrote an open letter demanding the international community reject Hosni's " nauseating " positions .
" Farouk Hosni is the opposite of a man of peace , dialogue and culture , he is a dangerous man who inflames hearts and spirits , " they wrote .
“ We invite all countries dedicated to liberty and culture to take the initiatives necessary to avert this threat and avoid the disaster that would be his nomination . "
Hosni has repeatedly said his words were taken out of context .
Today , in an interview with England 's Telegraph newspaper , he said , " I did not mean it at all ...
UNESCO 's work is to set up good international relations and the creation of peace between nations .
Israel is a member state ... I am not opposed to Israel , or Jews , or anyone . "
Hosni is considered the leading candidate for the UNESCO job .
According to the BBC , the culture ministry in Egypt today announced that it will publish Arabic translations of novels by 27 Jewish writers , including Amos Oz and David Grossman .
They will appear in Arabic for the first time – a clear sign Egypt wants to placate its most bookish critics .
Top Irish Bishops meet Pope about child abuse scandal
Father Tim :
This is Pope Benedict 's moment
Niall O'Dowd :
We need more than his blessings
The Wolfhound : Bless me , Father , but YOU have sinned !
Cardinal Sean Brady and Archbishop Diarmuid Martin said Pope Benedict XVI was " very distressed " after their briefing on the Ryan Report and the state of the Church in Ireland after its publication .
“ He listened very carefully , he was obviously very distressed about what we had to tell him .
In fact , he allowed us to do most of the talking and he listened very sympathetically and attentively to what we said , ” said Cardinal Brady .
“ We talked about the church in Ireland , where this came out of and what is the future .
You could see that it was distressing for him , what we said and what he knew , there was no doubt about that , ” Archbishop Martin told Paddy Agnew of the Irish Times .
The meeting of the Irish bishops and the Pope took place on Friday evening .
No official statement from the Pope on the meeting or on the Ryan report has been issued .
“ He obviously has been informed about it , ” said Archbishop Martin .
“ He did n’t read the entire thing , but he was aware of it and very distressed by it . ”
The findings in the report have shocked and disillusioned the Catholic community in Ireland , and the two Irish men did not shirk on telling his Holiness about the gravity of the situation .
“ We told him what we feel and what we know and what we ’re hearing as priests . "
What upset Pope Benedict was the nature and environment in which the decades of abuse took place
“ This is a different case from many others because it is about the institutionalization of a problem , ” said Archbishop Martin .
President Obama 's news conference Wednesday night was a bit of a masterpiece .
The Obama Thinking Look was back , as he parsed questions , took notes , and offered up rehearsed answers in a way that made them seem not written by the Committee on Soundbites but natural to him , as if he were formulating answers in the here and now .
On torture , he cited Churchill .
He spoke of pro-lifers not with any of the appellations the left prefers but as pro-lifers .
He dispatched the culturally radical Freedom of Choice Act as " not a top priority " ; he said he does n't want to run auto companies and banks and would prefer , in fact , a smaller ...
Look out , here come the pagans .
It 's late May in central London and a man dressed as a tree , a witch in a velvet robe and a woman pretending to be a raven with a long black beak are dancing through the streets of Holborn , with several hundred others , moving to the rhythm of a dozen loud drums .
They could wake the god of thunder with their noise but it 's OK , the people at the back with the broadswords and shields are followers of Thor .
This is a parade to celebrate pagan pride , and it would be wise not to get in the way .
" We are moving into a new time , " says the leader , brandishing a huge set of antlers .
" We are becoming more accepted .
Paganism is reasserting itself . "
Who is going to argue ?
Her name is Jeanette Ellis and she looks like the figurehead of a mighty galleon , cleavage pushing up out of a medieval dress ( although her bottom half is mostly foliage ) .
Ellis has been organising parades for more than a decade .
" There has been such a dramatic change , " she says , " in the way we are perceived . "
Paganism is casting its spell over more people now than ever before in the modern age .
There are said to be a quarter of a million practising pagans in this country , double the number of a decade ago .
That would make them more numerous than Buddhists ( of which there are 144,500 , according to the 2001 census ) and almost as numerous as Jews ( 259,000 ) - and it does n't even allow for the growing tribe of unofficial , instinctive pagans such as my friend Cath , who planned to celebrate the summer solstice in the early hours yesterday by " going out into the garden at dawn and just tuning in " .
At Stonehenge at least 30,000 people were expected to watch the sun rise in the company of the druids who see themselves as practising the ancient faith of pre-Christian Britain .
For them , the sun is symbolic of one aspect of the " universal force which flows through the world and which can be encouraged to flow through us " , according to Philip Carr - Gomm , founder of the Order of Bards , Ovates and Druids and author of the new Book of English Magic .
The druids are only a small part of modern paganism , which encompasses a bewildering number of traditions or " paths " , but central to them all is this idea of a divine force inherent in nature .
It is an individualistic faith that encourages each person to respond in their own way , so you do n't have to be a druid , or belong to any kind of order at all .
Away from Stonehenge , much smaller groups of people celebrate the summer solstice by gathering before sunrise in gardens or woods , on beaches or hilltops across the country , some for organised rituals and some , like Cath , just responding to their own understanding of a spirituality that seems to work best in the open air .
Ask her faith and she says " pagan " straight away .
She sees no need to join in with anybody else , but Cath is far from alone .
" What we believe is suddenly everywhere , " says Bantu , a dreadlocked 29 - year - old who planned to be on a hill in Wales when the moment came .
He started to worship Gaia , the earth goddess , after going to a workshop at a climate camp .
" Everyone 's a pagan now . "
Not quite , maybe , but the rise has been dramatic .
The census in 2001 recorded 40,000 pagans , but the true figure may be higher .
" Pagans do n't like telling the government what they 're up to , " says Ellis .
A decade ago Ronald Hutton , a professor of history at Bristol University , calculated that there were 120,000 people going to rituals or meetings ( often in pubs ) called moots .
That was before Harry Potter and Buffy the Vampire Slayer , The Lord of the Rings , Charmed and Sabrina the Teenage Witch made pagan spirituality and mythology part of pop culture .
The Pagan Federation , which aims to represent all " followers of a polytheistic or pantheistic nature - worshipping religion " , claims the number of adherents has trebled at least .
That would mean there were 360,000 committed , practising pagans , putting them ahead of the Sikhs ( 329,000 ) and fourth behind Hindus ( 552,000 ) , Muslims ( 1.5 million ) and Christians ( 42 million , according to the census ) .
Hutton adds that there has been a much greater acceptance of pagan ideas among the wider public .
" It is best to think in terms of concentric circles , " he says , " from those who are initiated members of a group such as a coven , out to those who go to Stonehenge for a drink and a party . "
The Pagan Federation 's membership list includes druids as well as wiccans , practising modern witchcraft ; shamans , engaging with the spirits of the land ; and heathens , worshipping the gods of the north European tribes ( including Thor ) .
But then there are the neopagans such as Bantu , always visible at environmental protests , who would n't think of belonging to any kind of federation and who pursue a rainbow of revived , recreated or invented beliefs with nature at their heart .
All you have to believe to be a pagan , according to the federation , is that each of us has the right to follow our own path ( as long as it harms no - one else ) ; that the higher power ( or powers ) exists ; and that nature is to be venerated .
If you asked everyone in Britain if they agreed with those three statements , millions would put their hands up .
At its loosest , paganism is beginning to look like our new national faith .
The circles can be seen widening in the most unlikely places .
Nine years ago , Ray and Lynda Lindfield and their friends tried to start a pagan festival on the seafront in ultra-conservative Eastbourne in East Sussex , and were threatened with arrest .
" It had to be pointed out that we had a right to practise our religion in public , " says Lynda .
Lammas is now one of the big local draws of the summer .
These public events usually include a re-enactment of whatever stage of the pagan cycle is being marked .
In Eastbourne they needed some dancers to perform the cutting down of the male sun god , represented as the mythical character John Barleycorn , and so a morris - dancing group , Hunters Moon , was born .
It is now the most fashionable side ( as morris - dancing groups are sometimes known ) in the country , having recently been hired to perform at a party in London for Tim Burton and Helena Bonham Carter , among others .
It is also part of what amounts , in morris dancing , to a pagan coup .
The Morris Ring , which represents the hanky - waving sides everyone thinks of as morris dancers , announced in January that young people were not interested .
That was news to Hunters Moon , and other recently formed , pagan - inspired sides across the country such as Wolf 's Head and Vixen , the first gothic morris outfit , whose members wear mirror shades and look like the Sisters of Mercy .
Half of the two - dozen dancers at a recent Hunters Moon rehearsal were under 30 , including teenage students .
They hopped , they skipped , they smashed big sticks together until the splinters flew and then used them for gestures that were , quite frankly , rude .
Hunter 's
Moon dance with blacked - up faces ( not racist but medieval , they insist , having been a way for mummers to hide their identities from their daytime employers as they went door to door for trick or treat ) and outfits that make them look like ragged crows that have mated with Hell 's Angels .
Not every member is a pagan , but they wear pentagrams and the dances include arcane elements such as the spiral .
" Those that know what it is , " says Armstrong , " know what it is . "
Witchcraft is another driving force in the rise of paganism .
Leading members of the Federation are part of this closed tradition that became public in 1954 when a retired civil servant called Gerald Gardner claimed to have been introduced to pre-Christian occultism by one of the last surviving covens .
Their version of the divine force is embodied in a horned male god and a mother goddess , and their response to its energy all around us involves the casting of spells and incantations to influence real events .
Gardner 's critics called it fiction , but wicca now has 7,000 adherents , according to the census , which again is probably an understatement .
What do you have to do to join ?
" If I told you , I would have to kill you , " says Chris Crowley , a wiccan high priest who speaks for the Federation .
That 's a joke , I think .
His partner , Vivienne , has written acclaimed books on wicca , or at least on its public side .
Wiccans believe in the ability to communicate directly with the divine by calling down the god or goddess to enter the body , which can involve going into a trance and allowing them to speak through you .
The most common wiccan symbol is the pentagram , whose points represent the elements essential to life : air , fire , water , earth and the spirit that ties them all together .
They see themselves as inheritors of the " wise craft " that led men and women to be ducked and burned in previous ages , so if you want to know their deepest secrets you have to prove you are sincere and committed .
Joining a coven traditionally takes a year and a day .
" It is a mystery religion , " says Crowley .
" You do have to be initiated . "
Crowley is a head - hunter for public sector recruitment , and dresses in jeans and blue blazer .
" We look normal , " he says , " because we are . "
Jeanette Ellis is not a wiccan but a " traditional " witch , who follows a path she found among her family roots in the west of Ireland .
" I work with the Morrigan , a Celtic goddess . "
One associated with death and war ( and ravens ) , I subsequently discover .
" We do not target people in our spells , " insists Ellis , who calls her home in east London her " covenstead " .
The 13 members meet when the moon is full .
" People bring ideas for spells .
If someone has split up with her boyfriend , for example , we may cast a love spell that will make her more confident and attractive . "
She is not so shy about ritual and is able to explain why so many people on the parade are wearing knives , including those broadswords ( with the police turning a blind eye ) .
" That is the athame , a director of energy .
It must not touch blood .
There are no sacrifices going on . "
The knife is placed in a chalice to bless wine .
She also describes the male high priest pushing the athame into a scabbard held by the high priestess .
Hang on , this is all about sex , is n't it ?
" There is a sexual energy , I would n't deny it , " says Ellis , chuckling .
" The sexual union happens within every ritual , usually symbolically . "
Usually ?
" It 's not about orgies .
Of course , after any full moon , if you want to go out into the garden and have ... that 's fine , as long as you 're a couple .
You do n't just go off with whoever you fancy . "
Do they ever do it as part of the ritual ?
Expecting a denial , I am surprised by her answer .
" Some do .
Less and less , I think .
I do n't know what other covens get up to . "
Nobody does .
That 's the point .
It 's hard to join .
( Once in , you presumably become as vulnerable to exploitation as any other member of a closed religious group whose initiated members are taught secret information by a caste of self - elected priests . )
Some wannabe wizards did go on to take an adult interest in the esoteric after reading Harry Potter , but the boy wizard 's bigger impact has been in the adoption of pagan ideas into the mainstream : the BBC uses pagan spirituality as a source of inspiration even for children 's shows such as Raven and Merlin , or Saturday tea - time blockbusters Robin Hood and Doctor Who .
It is in pop culture that witchcraft meets the other main force behind the rise in paganism : environmentalism .
James Lovelock made the link explicit in his influential 1979 description of the earth as a single , living organism , which he named after the Greek goddess Gaia .
Some take this more theologically than others , but it remains the most famous example of how the desire for alternative lifestyles that began to flourish in the 60s has led to both a questioning of our attitude to the natural environment and a turning away from the established , patriarchal faiths towards new forms of spirituality .
Of course , you do n't have to be a pagan to be a green .
Far from it .
But the two movements have given each other energy , as each has grown .
For many pagans , becoming a green campaigner is a way of demonstrating faith with practical action .
For many activists who come at it from the opposite direction , the pagan idea of an ancient and universal spirit that animates the earth gives their actions a personal , spiritual framework .
Not that you have to read eco - theory to get it these days , just watch Teletubbies .
" The indoctrination into things like recycling starts at an early age , " says Catherine Hosen , a druid from Kent who watches a lot of CBeebies with her children .
" If you start off trying to be environmentally aware , it is not much of a step to seeing all of nature as sacred , and from there to becoming a pagan . "
Perhaps .
This , do n't forget , is mostly a loose faith .
That is why it is so popular in these individualistic , iconoclastic times .
Wander towards the centre of Hutton 's concentric circles where the covens wait and you will be asked to pass tests , obey priests , follow rituals and keep secrets ; but on the outer edges , at festival times such as the summer solstice , there is none of that - just a dance , a beer and a " Merry meet , merry part and merry meet again " .
Just watch yourself with those knives .
• Cole Moreton is writing a book on the soul of England , to be published by Little Brown next Easter .
The Security Service of Ukraine ’s Chairman Valentyn Nalyvaichenko has ordered an internal investigation into possible links between employees of the Security Service of Ukraine and drug gangs .
The Security Service of Ukraine ’s spokeswoman Maryna Ostapenko announced this at a news briefing .
According to Ostapenko , employees of the Security Service of Ukraine went to the Interior Affairs Ministry on Wednesday to obtain information about links between employees of the Security Service of Ukraine and such gangs .
it 's all fun and games
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
A US radio presenter barred from entering Britain said today he would sue the British government for defamation after his name was published on an official list of " promoters of hate " .
Michael Savage , a so - called " shock jock " radio host who has a right - wing talk show called The Savage Nation , described the UK Home Secretary Jacqui Smith as a " lunatic " and said he had set his lawyers to work on the case .
Smith published the list - which includes Islamist extremists , American anti-gay preachers and Russian gang members - on Tuesday , accusing those named of " stirring up hatred " and " fostering extremism or hatred " .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
" For this lunatic Jacqui Smith ... to link me up with skinheads who are killing people in Russia , to put me in league with mass murderers who kill Jews on buses , is defamation , " Savage said on his show , excerpts of which were aired on BBC radio on Wednesday .
" As a result of this , I am going to sue her . "
Savage , who says he has between 8 and 10 million listeners across the United States , urged them to support him by cancelling any travel plans to Britain and by boycotting British - made goods .
" I do n't know what they make there any more , but whatever they make , I suggest you do n't buy it , " he said .
" If they want to play hardball , we 'll play hardball " .
Savage was fired by cable news channel MSNBC in 2003 after he referred to a caller on his show as a " sodomite " and said : " You should only get AIDS and die , you pig ! " .
Smith defended her decision , saying Savage - whose real name is Michael Alan Weiner - was a man of extreme views who expressed them " in such a way that it is actually likely to cause inter-community tension or even violence " .
" Coming to this country is a privilege , " she told Good Morning Television .
" If you can't live by the rules that we live by , the standards and the values that we live by , we should exclude you from this country . "
Artur Ryno and Pavel Skachevsky , former leaders of a violent Russian skinhead gang which beat and murdered immigrants , are also named on the list , along with the anti-gay U. S. Christian preacher Reverend Fred Phelps and his daughter Shirley Phelps - Roper .
Millions of people attend the annual Hajj , due this year in November .
The Muslim religious authorities in Egypt have suggested delaying the annual pilgrimage to Mecca because of the spread of swine flu .
Egypt 's Grand Mufti , Sheikh Ali Jumua , has called for a religious edict to decide how long the pilgrimage rites of the Hajj could be postponed .
At least two million people took part in the last Hajj , which falls this year in November .
More than 7,500 cases of swine flu have been reported worldwide .
In an interview with BBC Arabic radio , Dr Ibrahim Negm , an advisor to the Grand Mufti , said Sheikh Ali Jumua supported a view already outlined by Mohammed Tantawi , the Grand Imam of the al - Azhar Mosque .
Pandemic alert Mr Tantawi says that the pilgrimage rites could be postponed if the World Health Organisation declares a global pandemic , and raises its pandemic alert from five to the maximum six .
At that point , he says , Islamic researchers would meet to discuss a possible delay .
A Malaysian student is in hospital in Kuala Lumpur suffering from swine flu Mr Negm insisted however , that both the Grand Mufti and the Imam believed this was a technical issue , which should be dealt with by the ministries of health , environment and agriculture .
The Mufti of the United Arab Emirates , Sheikh Abdel Aziz Haddad , has urged Muslims to delay any pilgrimage to Mecca for the next two or three weeks .
He also advised the faithful to pray in the open air to avoid contracting , or spreading , the swine flu .
First case
As well as the annual Hajj pilgrimage , which all Muslims are required to make at least once if they have the means , the faithful can also make a lesser pilgrimage to Mecca , known as umra , at any time of the year .
No cases of swine flu have been reported in any Gulf or Arab countries .
But pilgrims travel to Mecca from around the world , including countries where the swine flu virus has been confirmed .
The WHO says the number of confirmed swine flu cases has risen by more than 1,000 in the last 24 hours .
More than 7,500 people have gone down with the flu , in 34 countries , and 65 people have died , mainly in Mexico , where the outbreak began .
Malaysia has confirmed its first case of swine flu - a student who arrived on a flight from the United States on Wednesday .
The authorities are trying to trace the 199 passengers and crew from the flight , though they believe some of them may have travelled on to Indonesia .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The legal fight between Al Franken and Norm Coleman heads to the desk of Gov. Tim Pawlenty .
Franken puts Pawlenty in a jam
The legal fight between Al Franken and Norm Coleman is headed to the desk of Gov. Tim Pawlenty — a no-win predicament for a Minnesota Republican with his eye on a White House run in 2012 .
Franken won big Tuesday when a three - judge panel allowed the review of no more than 400 absentee ballots in a race he currently leads by 225 votes .
Coleman ’s camp says an appeal to the Minnesota Supreme Court is coming ; once that ’s done , the dispute lands in Pawlenty ’s lap .
Advertisement
If Franken ’s ahead at that point , Pawlenty will have a choice : sign the election certificate that will allow Democrats to seat Franken in the Senate or play to the Republicans whose support he ’d need in 2012 by withholding the certificate while Coleman challenges the election in the federal court system .
“ The Republican Party nationally and in Minnesota is playing not just with fire , but with dynamite , ” said Rep. James L. Oberstar , a Democrat and the dean of Minnesota ’s congressional delegation .
Oberstar — like a lot of Democrats — says November ’s election should finally be over as soon as the Minnesota Supreme Court rules .
If Pawlenty and the Republicans push it further , he says , “ this thing is going to blow up in their face . ”
The loser before the Minnesota Supreme Court could seek a review from the U.S. Supreme Court or file a whole new case in U.S. District Court .
Texas Sen. John Cornyn , the chairman of the National Republican Senatorial Committee , has said that such a legal challenge could take “ years ” — and that he ’s OK with that if that ’s what it takes to ensure that all of the votes have been counted .
Democrats accuse Coleman , Cornyn and other Republicans of stalling — denying Minnesotans their second senator so as to deny Democrats their 59th vote in the Senate .
Several Democratic aides and senators said Wednesday that Senate Democrats would probably try to seat Franken if he gets an election certificate even if Coleman seemed likely to keep pursuing his challenges .
But the aides and senators said that , without a certificate , Democrats are unlikely to try to seat Franken since the GOP would probably attempt to filibuster such a move .
That leaves Pawlenty in the hot seat — and whatever he decides could have implications in 2010 and 2012 .
Up for a third term next year , Pawlenty risks angering Minnesota Democrats and independents if he refuses to sign an election document for Franken — and a loss if he runs in the governor ’s race would imperil a presidential run in 2012 .
But if he signs the certificate and Coleman seeks a federal appeal , he risks infuriating conservatives who despise Franken — and thereby imperiling his chances in the Republican presidential primary .
Republicans argue that Pawlenty should not sign any documents until Coleman has a chance to take the case through the federal courts .
“ I hope the governor , and I expect he will , will do the right thing , ” said Rep. John Kline , a Republican in his fourth term who represents an area south of St. Paul .
“ The right thing is to get this through the courts and get a definitive answer .
I ’m sure the governor is as concerned as I am that this process has got so many discrepancies and disparities in it that it needs to go through the courts and be resolved . ”
Brian McClung , a spokesman for Pawlenty , said the governor views the matter as an interpretation of state law — not a political question .
“ The governor will follow the law and the determinations of the courts regarding the issuance of an election certificate , ” McClung said .
“ Minnesota law says very clearly that ‘ an election certificate shall not be issued until a court of proper jurisdiction has finally determined the contest , ’ and the Minnesota Supreme Court recently issued a ruling upholding that statute .
It ’s important that this process be handled fairly and properly . ”
McClung said Pawlenty “ will see what the courts determine , ” since a federal court could issue a stay and prevent a certificate from being issued if the loser chooses to continue the appeals process .
The dispute centers on when the state process ends : Democrats say that a recent state Supreme Court decision denying Franken an election certificate until the state process ends implies that he ’s entitled to one as soon as the Minnesota Supreme Court rules on the election contest .
But Ben Ginsberg , one of Coleman ’s lawyers , said the court ’s decision never waded into the federal court issue .
Mark Ritchie , a Democrat and the Minnesota secretary of state , “ strongly believes ” that once the state Supreme Court rules , both he and the governor should sign an election certificate , a spokesman said .
The spokesman added that Ritchie would ask the state ’s attorney general , Lori Swanson , also a Democrat , to issue a legal opinion on the matter that could help persuade Pawlenty to sign an election document .
Senate Democrats set a precedent by demanding a properly signed document to seat Roland Burris .
Of course , Coleman could spare Pawlenty a difficult decision by dropping his appeal if he is losing after the state ’s Supreme Court rules — but his Republican colleagues in Washington are showing no signs of letting this go away quietly .
“ I think if there is a realistic prospect for a complete count that ’s fair that would give Sen .
Coleman the victory , we should not give up until the last avenue of appeal is over , ” said Sen. Jeff Sessions ( R - Ala . ) .
“ Everybody on our side believes that . ”
Sen. John Thune ( R - S.D. ) said he does n’t see a political downside for Pawlenty if he holds off from signing an election certificate .
“ I think if there are good , strong arguments for continuing to let the process play out ...
I do n’t think he will risk any backlash in doing that , ” said Thune , a member of the GOP leadership .
“ And I do n’t think that Norm would carry on with this unless he thought he had a very good chance of prevailing in the end . ”
Cornyn said there are several issues the three - judge panel left unresolved , and he predicted that Coleman might be able to turn it around upon appeal .
And Cornyn said a decision on whether to sign the certificate “ may not be up to [ Pawlenty ] ” after all .
“ As a former judge , I can tell you I do n’t think a court would likely allow that to happen , because it would essentially moot the case without giving them a chance to decide it .
So I think it ’s more likely a court would issue a stay in order to preserve the question for a decision . ”
But Jim Manley , a spokesman for Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ( D - Nev. ) , said that once the state Supreme Court rules , the law requires the governor to sign an election certificate .
Manley said it would be “ politically perilous ” to block “ a Democratic effort to seat Franken ” by withholding the document .
“ I hope that the governor , whatever the outcome of the [ state ]
Supreme Court , will say that due process has been honored , the Minnesota statutes have been followed , there ’s a winner and now it ’s time to move forward , ” said Senate Majority Whip Richard J. Durbin ( D - Ill . ) .
This article tagged under : 2010
Politics
Miller 's Homemade Soap Pages : http://millersoap.com/index.html
MOST Frequently Asked Questions ! :-)
The Soapy Success section was created to provide a question and answer format for folks who were troubleshooting their soapmaking problems , or just wanted to read the experiences of others .
Since I first started posting email questions and answers , that section has ballooned so much , that I 'm sure many folks do n't want to wade all the way through to look for certain bits of information .
In order to cut down on " repetitive " email responses ...
I 'm posting the most commonly asked ?s here ...
I hope this is helpful . :-)
Check this out ! :-)
TROUBLESHOOTING
Help ! -
As of May of 2005 , I 've added another page that can help you pinpoint what may have gone wrong with your soap .
This troubleshooting page has a chart of the most common problems , causes and cures and also has suggestions on various ways to remelt your botched soap .
Soap without LYE ?
Do you have a recipe for soap that does not use lye ?
You generally cannot make bar soap at home without lye .
Lye is not your enemy ... it 's a fallacy to think you can make soap without it ( or some other caustic base substance to turn the fat molecules into soap compounds ) .
Correctly made and cured homemade soap is milder than anything you can buy ... even those fancy clear glycerin bars .
Do n't let the lye thing put you off .
I think some of the marketers our there who claim their soap has no lye have confused the public .
They are being misleading when stating that .
It just means they did n't use lye in their portion of the manufacture ... but in the beginning , it was used to saponify the fats .
Notice on the soap labels that word , " saponify " ... or " sodium tallowate " ... " sodium cocoate " , etc . ?
That means tallow or coconut oil that have been made into soap with the use of sodium hydroxide ( lye ) ... that 's the sodium part .
I hope you give another look to make soap at home .
It 's wonderful stuff !
IMPORTANT NOTICE ABOUT RED DEVIL LYE IN THE U.S.!
NOTE ( September 2005 ) : After receiving a couple of emails , I 've finally come to believe that it 's true ... the company that markets Lewis Red Devil Lye has pulled it from the market and has replaced it with a liquid drain opener that contains no lye .
My suspicions are that it 's due to its use in the illegal manufacture of methamphetamines .
This is very sad for the home soaper ! :-(
I 've been buying my lye in bulk for quite awhile now , but for the average person that wants to make one or two batches and has gotten accustomed to buying it locally ... this will need to be addressed .
Here is a helpful link sent by Nancy M. , whose email comment is underneath : http://candleandsoap.about.com/od/coldprocesssoapmaking/a/lyesources.htm
When I bought the two remaining containers from the local Albertsons , I was told it 's popular in this community in the production of meth .
When I mentioned it to a clerk at the JoAnn 's fabric store , where I was fruitlessly trying to find any kind of other soapmaking stuff , I found out she 's a soapmaker and that she got her lye at the local Grocery Outlet , in bulk .
They do n't have it out where anybody can see it , but if you ask and show ID , you can buy it .
Anyway , I 'm having fun , that 's the point and thanks again for all of your help :-)
Nancy M .
from the dry side , Clarkston , Washington Graphic courtesy of About.com from
Soapmaking article by David Fisher
" Lye - O - Phobia "
Hi .
You have a FANTASTIC site filled with lots of awesome information . =)
I have n't yet made soap but have definitely thought about it .
I 've ordered a couple of books just today off of amazon.com and have surfed the web for recipes , how - tos and other information .
I'm a stay at home mom that would like to turn some spare time into some extra vacation money through something I love to use ... great smelling soap !!
Before I begin my adventure , however , can I ask you a question concerning lye ??
I 've been reading the dangers about lye , how I should wear safety goggles and gloves .
Quite frankly it 's scaring the snot out of me ... LOL .
If all precautions are taken is it relatively safe to work with ... meaning should I set most of my fears aside and just do it and have fun with it ??
Or are there other ways of getting around the lye while making great looking and smelling soaps ??
You 're not alone in getting paranoid about lye after reading all the precautions .
You can't make soap without it so put that one aside .
Yes ... you need to handle it with care and respect ... especially not spilling the undissolved crystals around where some child or pet could ingest them and you need to avoid breathing the fumes that first come off when you dissolve it .
Be assured , your body will NOT let them in without a fight .
You will start coughing almost instantly if you start to breathe them in .
I usually mix the lye in my kitchen ( since I mostly make soap at night ) ... crack the kitchen window slightly and mix the lye under the exhaust fan .
I avert my face and hold my breath while doing the first mixing and once it 's mixed enough for the crystals to be dispersed , I walk to the other room and get a nice big breath of clean air ( just in case I would get a little drift in the kitchen ) .
Then I go back and stir some more .
Usually , the fumes dissipate within two minutes .
You can mix this outdoors if you like , but the same care in staying away from drifting fumes should be taken ... and GREAT care when you carry your open vessel of lye solution back into the house !
I 've heard stories of people tripping over the porch step , etc. and then having a real mess on their hands .
=:o
Most of the books recommend you don all kinds of protective gear , etc .
I 'm going to risk attack from certain camps and go on record here ( I 'm posting this ) that I have NEVER worn any protective clothing when making soap .
I wear OLD clothes , but no gloves , goggles , aprons , etc .
I doubt any of our grandmothers ever wore that kind of thing either .
They did use good sense when working with corrosive chemicals I 'm sure .
If a person feels better wearing protective clothing , I would not discourage them from doing that , but none of the few soapmakers I know personally do this .
There are pros and cons .
I guess if I 'd ever had something blow up in my face in all the years I 've done this , I would change my tune , but I have not .
Only an occasional splatter when mixing , which I wipe off immediately when I can feel the slight burn of its presence .
If I ever get the slightest bit of lye on my hands , or raw soap , I can feel that it 's there ( it 's slippery feeling ) and clean it off ( a bit of vinegar close by is good for this while you wash your hands ) .
When you are wearing gloves , you could have free lye on your fingers and not even think about it ... possibly wiping your face with those fingers or touching some other surface in the kitchen .
While my exposed arms might get an occasional splatter ( rarely ) , I 've also heard of people getting raw soap between their protective clothes and their skin and not noticing right away and getting a burn .
I 'm NOT trying to talk people out of taking precautions if it makes them less nervous and more steady during their soapmaking , but I just gotta ' tell you that I do n't .
There ... I feel better .
Let the chips fall where they may ! ;-)
One last thing ... one of the worst hazards of lye in solution is to have it sitting around and not identified as being something other than water .
One of the worst things I heard was of a man coming into the kitchen and swigging down some water from a glass on the counter ... turned out to be his wife 's lye solution and he suffered severe damage to his esophagus .
If you are going to leave your solution unattended , cover it or label it or put it in something a person would never think to drink out of , by all means !
Also ...
I am meticulous about taking care to clean up any tiny spilled granules when I 'm measuring lye .
On a good day , you can weigh the lye and have it all stay where it belongs , but sometimes those little grains respond to static ... so always check around for little specks , wipe down your work area a couple of times with a damp cloth ... or lay down newspaper if that suits you and toss it afterward .
My children are grown now , but I 'd not want a chunk of that laying on the floor or where a small child or animal might pick it up .
Hope that answers your question .
Yes ... make soap and have FUN with it !
It really is a lot of fun and very practical to learn ( also yields a milder product for your family 's enjoyment and gives you a bit more self - sufficiency in your life ) .
Post Script : I had someone express concern that I was not taking seriously the hazards of working with lye ... particularly in protecting the eyes .
I have to agree that it 's a wise idea to put some protection over the eyes .
Of all the protective measures , I put that next to working with good ventilation .
Most folks who have some fear of lye will also want to have protection on their hands .
I feel more clumsy and apt to knock something over when wearing standard rubber gloves , but if you want hand protection and are not allergic to silicone , the surgical gloves you can buy ( Costco has them where I live ) are great for protecting your hands without getting in the way of what you are doing .
I find they can be nice for working in the garden also ... you can still feel those fine stems when you are hand weeding .
When I wrote what I did above I was just being totally honest in what my general practice is ... and most of the folks I know personally that make soap are pretty much the same .
Lye is terribly corrosive and dangerous to tender tissues , but I do n't protect my eyes when I pour bleach into the washing machine either and that 's not much better .
Lye is probably worse in how it damages tissues but bleach is no fun either .
When having a root canal performed one time , the assistant managed to spill some down my throat through the tiny hole they 'd punched in the rubber dam .
Believe me ... without even thinking and while freaking out the endodontist ...
I sat bolt upright in my reclined dentist 's chair to try to get rid of that stuff ... but it was too late !
I cleared my throat for two days trying to get rid of that feeling ... it was NOT pleasant ! =:-o
I do n't want to scare anyone out there who might already be afraid of dentists ...
I 've had TONS of work done and love my dentist ... and the endodontist was a great guy also .
I just was n't too impressed with the little bleachy snack . ;-)
Recycling Soap Scraps
My grandma ( and Mum ) used to " remake " soap , from the little bits left from store - bought bars .
I think they just grated them ( ? ) added water ( ? ) and boiled (? ) , but how did it set into quite firm tablets ?
Did they add anything else ?
Could I ?..... such as oatmeal , oils , essences etc .
I 've been collecting little slivers for years and now have a shopping bag full , so it 's time to do something about it .
I do hope you can help .
I 'm very new to the Net , so am not sure what happens from here - I guess you just email me , right ?
I hope so .
I think they only added enough water to melt the stuff down ( not too much to start ) .
You can always add more as needed .
You could also work in other stuff after it 's melted , like you would in rebatching soaps you 've made yourself .
Then pour , or mash into molds and let harden .
The less water you need to add , the firmer it will get without waiting for weeks and weeks !
You might try moistening your shavings with just enough to dampen them , cover overnight and then put them in a low oven for a couple of hours ( covered ) and stir every so often .
On my oven I would set it around 225 to 250 degrees Fahrenheit .
You could also use a covered crockpot .
First time soap makers ( for all newbies overwhelmed by too much information ! )
I was wondering what tracing is , and what it looks like .
We 'll be making all veggie soap ( the herb shop carries a variety of veggie oils ) if that makes a difference .
Also , do you have any good recipes ( small batches ) or books you 'd suggest for first timers ?
All this is answered on my site , but you have to do some reading to find it all !
My favorite books are Melinda Coss ' Handmade Soap Book and Susan Miller Cavitch ...
The Soapmaker 's Companion .
If you can't find them locally , you can order online from Amazon.com or Barnes and Noble .
The Coss book has lots of colorful pictures that are inspiring and helpful .
The Cavitch book is loaded with technical info and line drawings .
For starting out ... you might like the Coss book more .
My recipes are tailored for using a 12 oz .
can ( the way lye used to come in the U.S. ... now it 's in an 18 oz .
size ... a postal scale will be needed ) .
You can divide those recipes ( like cutting in half ) as long as you measure properly .
Real small batches are tricky because the lye measurements become more critical .
A slight discrepancy in the lye amount can give you a lye heavy product or way too much fat .
The larger batches are more forgiving .
Many people think they 'll make a big batch and rebatch it in small quantities for scenting .
I would recommend scenting your first batch and then playing with the scrap pieces to decide if rebatching is for you .
I HATE it !
It 's a pain and the finished bar is not nearly as nice and smooth as the original you grated up !
When the soap is close to the trace stage , it will usually start looking duller on top and form a bit of a fine ring around the edges of the bowl or pan it's in ( the ring is more noticeable if you are hand stirring ) .
It should have a satin finish and smooth texture ... not be terribly grainy .
If your soap starts looking grainy too soon , apply some gentle bottom heat to the bowl for a minute or two while stirring until the graininess disappears ... be sure to turn the burner OFF after that brief heating period .
I like to pour the soap when it the texture of gravy or thin pudding ( I use a stick blender to mix now ... those directions are on the Modern Procedures page . )
Here is a readiness to pour suggestion from Anne Watson , author of Smart Soapmaking ( Shepard Publications , 2007 ) :
Using an instant - read digital thermometer , I take the temperature of my mixture after I 've stirred the lye solution into the fats .
When I 've stick blended for a short time , I take the temperature again .
I 've found that a 2 - 3 degree temperature rise is a reliable predictor of readiness to pour , whether I can see a visible trace or not .
At five degrees , visible trace was always present .
At ten degrees , I was about to get setup in the pot .
I checked with a chemist and he told me my results are valid .
The temperature * change * is what 's important , not whether the mixture gets to any specific temperature .
This works for my small batches ( 30 oz. oils ) .
A friend who makes batches ten times the size of mine finds that the temperature rise is greater for her .
Also ... check out some of the other links I have listed on my Soapmaking Links page .
Many other sites give basic soapmaking instructions as well .
Happy soaping !
Labels
You show some wonderful labels on the soaps .
They go all the way around your soaps .
I was wondering if you 'd share how you buy them or how they 're made .
I have been playing with my computer to see if I could make them but I 'm stumped .
I started making soap about six months ago and love it .
I would like to go to some craft shows but I 'm having a problem with packaging my soaps .
My son laid those out in a page layout program , but they could be done in a word processing program as well , like Word or Word Perfect , etc .
You just put the document in landscape format ( on its side ) and make the labels from left to right ( we do four per sheet ) .
You 'll want to cut a strip of the paper ahead and wrap it around your soap to note where the text should fall ... everyone 's bars of soap can be a bit different in how the label will line up ... then when you have your text boxes laid out , you can always go back and move them up or down until you like where they fall on the bar of soap .
Anyway ... the main part of the label is toward the middle of the bar and you will use a text box to put your text for the front of the bar .
Another smaller text box is put toward the top of each of the labels that has your name or company name , contact information , etc .
After you type in the text for the backside of the bar , you will need to flip it upside down ( so it will be the right orientation after it is wrapped around the bar of soap ) .
This sounds confusing , does n't it ?
When you are looking at a sheet of labels printed , you will see four main areas of text running across the center from left to right , with the contact info toward the top part of the page ( four of them ) going from left to right but upside down .
It 's nice if when laying it out you put some lines somewhere to use when cutting the labels apart ... small lines toward the top and bottom and between the labels will do for sighting on when you cut the labels apart .
I usually use pretty preprinted paper I 've gotten at Office Depot to print on , but on some of the labels , we have a simple piece of clip art background that is floral .
Here is a picture of one of my layouts :
Once you work the bugs out of your basic label , you should save it as a " template " or " stationery . "
Then when you want a new set of labels , you open up your template , type in the new info , save it and it will never save over your basic template .
When I did the template , I had things like " Soap Name Here " , etc. on the label and I would just highlight over it and type in the name .
That way , the text formatting like font and size , are kept intact .
By the way ... once you get one of your text boxes done , you can copy and paste the whole box with text inside to get your other three boxes .
You just have to move them to the right spot on the page after pasting .
Are n't computers great ?
I hope this is not totally confusing ... good luck !
Packaging and Storing Soaps
I am wondering how best to store my soaps after they are ready to use .
Can you shrink wrap homemade cp soaps or does this adversely affect them ?
I have searched all over trying to find out if this is ok to do or if leaving them out in the air is the better method .
I would not shrink wrap them for long term storage because they could either sweat , or continue to shrink and the wrap will get loose .
Complete open air storage makes really hard bars , but they will lose a lot of scent .
What I 've been doing is storing the soaps in a drawer - like affair I got at Costco pretty cheap ( it 's plastic ) ... and having them in a semi- open environment after they get a few weeks of open air curing under their belts .
The drawers allow me to arrange the soaps with a bit of space , but crack them open to let some air in ... but not total open air .
When I am ready to sell bars , I label them and place each in a Ziploc style plastic bag ( 4 " X 4 " works well for the average bar ) .
This way customers can open the end to get a sniff and close it back up .
As far as shrink - wrapping , I would shrink wrap the soaps when you are ready to give them away or sell them , but not too far in advance .
You might post your concern on an online soapmaking forum and see what other folks who use shrink wrap recommend and what their experience is .
Here is a suggestion from fellow soaper , Mona Whitney :
It 's been some time since I talked to you .
I read that you stored your soaps in plastic curio containers .
I found that an old chest of drawers is quite helpful .
Also , soda flats [ low sided cardboard boxes that soda cans come in ] lined with tissue paper and then another soda flat on top for a cover works great .
This way they are easily stackable and they do n't cost anything ...
Moisturizing Soap Recipe
I truly appreciate your site .
It has been extremely helpful to me so far !
I have no problem getting my soaps to lather or to clean .
My last hurdle to making that perfect bar of soap is finding a recipe that will leave an emollient layer on my skin .
It 's a phrase I see a lot , but after making about nine batches so far , I 'm still not able to say that my soaps will leave an emollient layer on my skin .
I have superfatted my soap with one tablespoon of castor oil / 16 oz .
of oils with no luck ( was that enough ? ) and have tried cutting back on the lye , only to result in a sweet smelling pile of mush .
Is there a recipe from your all veggie collection that you could recommend ?
Any suggestions you have will be so appreciated .
I do n't know that any soap will leave your skin so soft that you wo n't need to moisturize a bit after ( unless you have oily skin ) , but some do better in this than others .
For gentle moisturizing soap , I would use one with a high percentage of olive oil for starters .
These soaps are really gentle , but they do have a way of turning into ooze if you let them sit in a puddled soap dish for too long !
Also , adding a little bit of glycerin at trace is nice on the skin .
I do n't think it takes much ... maybe one or two ounces ?
The other thing that can make a difference is the age of the soap .
I 've used some recently when they were about one month old , but they continued to get milder with a few more weeks of aging .
You really need an adequate amount of lye to fully saponify the fats , so going overboard with superfatting can be counterproductive , as you 've seen !
Have you looked at the properties of oils chart on the " Design Your Own Recipes " page ?
The oils that are high in oleic and linoleic acids will probably be easier on the skin .
Of the recipes I 've been posting and using , I think the Favorite Castile II ( harder bar ... does n't mush as easily in the dish as the Favorite Castile ) is probably the mildest for using on a sensitive face .
For all - purpose face and shower use , I personally prefer the Sudsy - All Vegetable recipe .
It holds up better with exposure to moisture than the Castile bar and is still nice for facial use .
Again ... you could add a bit more glycerin to your recipe at trace .
You want some percentage of oils with hard bar qualities , but keep those on the low end and the conditioning type oils high .
By the way ... some people think soap made with beef tallow is milder on their skin than the all vegetable ones .
A mixture of beef tallow , olive oil and about 15 % coconut would make a very mild soap .
Do n't know if you have feelings for or against tallow , but thought I 'd mention it .
I hope this helps a little .
Return to Top of Page
Cutting Recipe Sizes
While I was reading all about soapmaking I came across a remark that said I can double the recipe but I can not cut it in half .
Well , I was wondering what can happen if I do cut it in half and if this is true for all soap recipes .
I want to try out some recipes before making them in big batches , and since the costs of the materials are not exactly cheap I want to make sure that the recipe is good .
Yep , that 's me , a " cheapskate " .
But , honestly , soapmaking materials are not easy to find or afford here in my place .
I can't even find beeswax here .
There are only three stores I can locate that sell essential oils .
Hi !
You can cut recipes in half , but the concern is that the smaller the recipe the more touchy it will be as far as the balance of lye to fats ratio .
Your margin for error gets tinier and tinier as the batch gets smaller .
It means you have to have a really good scale ( with decimal points ) and be very accurate in your measurements .
If measuring carefully , you should be able to cut my recipes in half and have it work out okay .
( If you have an even finer scale that weighs to a couple of decimal places or in grams , you can even cut them more than that . )
Something else you can do ( particularly with a soap that is part tallow and does n't get thick too fast ) is make a batch and at light trace , divide it into portions ( or pour off one bowl at a time so that the rest stays warm ) and scent them differently ... then pour each .
Might help to have another person on hand for that , but it 's doable .
Just another option .
In doing that , take care not to let the soap lose too much heat .
Stick Blender vs. Hand Blender ( Mixer )
I am very intrigued by your directions and testimonials of making soaps with the stick blender .
I wonder though , can a regular hand blender be used also ?
Or would the soap be beaten up too much ?
The mixers on mine are stainless steal , so they should n't react with the lye .
It also has varying speeds , so maybe that will make it easier to blend thoroughly without hurting the soap ?
I am willing to buy a stick blender if that 's the way to go , but of course I want to avoid spending the $ 20 if possible . :)
I hope that is n't too silly a question .
I tried to find an answer on my own so I would n't have to bother you , but I can't seem to find anyone who says , " No , do n't use hand mixers " or " yes , hand mixers work almost as well . "
These are not the same and YES ... it 's worth spending the $ 12 or so for the stick blender ( see photo on Modern Procedures page ) .
It really whips things at high speed and works magic in the soap pot .
The electric mixer ( used for cake mixes , etc. ) can be used , but does n't have the same effect and is more likely to incorporate air into the mix if you are not careful to keep the rotating blades immersed .
The same can happen with a stick blender , but it 's easier to keep it toward the bottom or center of the pot because of the ways it 's designed .
Some folks still like to hand stir , but I 've seen such an improvement in the texture and quality of my soaps since switching to the stick blender , that I will NEVER go back ! :-)
How long will the soap last ?
I was wondering how long my home made soap will last ?
I make soaps with milk and oats , and sometimes fruit and veggie juice .
I was reading some soap pages on the net and it said that a lot of veggie made soaps ( olive oil , coconut oil , palm oil , etc ) do n't last as long ( a few weeks or so ) .
I wanted to make some soaps as gifts for the family and I want them to be able to last at least a year or more , how would I accomplish this ???
You 're talking about how long they will stay good in storage ?
At first I thought you meant in use ... but I think you mean how long before they might go bad when stored .
If you are making gifts , I would not make them way in advance because the fragrances will fade over time .
It 's better to time your soapmaking so that the soap is well cured but not old when you give it if possible ... maybe make it two months in advance of giving it ( you could do six weeks , I 'm just tossing out a number there ) .
If you want soap that will keep longer in storage , the following will help that to happen :
Do n't go overboard with lye discounting / superfatting ...
Personally , I would not go higher than 5 % lye discount .
Accurate measuring is important here .
Do n't fill your soap with too many unsaponifiable ingredients ... like plant or vegetable fiber , fruits , etc .
Those can go bad in storage and sometimes even mold if the chunks are very large .
Small bits of dried herb should be okay if you do n't overload the soap with it .
It would appear that you should avoid superfatting at trace .
If fats added then do n't get well blended before the soap is poured , they may be more inclined to go bad during storage .
I prefer to put all my oils in at the beginning and only add fragrances and additives ( like color , herbs ) if needed at the end .
Do n't store your soaps in airtight conditions .
A semi-closed environment that gets a bit of air is good .
That way they will be less inclined to sweat in storage but wo n't lose so much fragrance as they can if given total open air .
I would not wrap them until it is close to the time you are going to give them as gifts .
They continue to lose moisture for a long time and will keep shrinking ( less and less but enough for labels to loosen , for example ) .
Soap that was made with no lye discount ( and we are assuming is still balanced and not lye heavy ) will keep for a LONG time without any rancidity .
It might lose its smell over time and get hard as a rock , but will still be good soap .
Whenever you add extra fat for mildness , you are lessening the longevity of your bars .
If you plan to use them in short order , this is not a problem and most people use their soap within a year or two .
I 've heard of boxed up soap being found in old houses and still being good after who knows how long !
Amazing .
Good luck !
I hope this helps !
... It 's possible that thing you read was in reference to how long the soap lasts when being used .
Some all vegetable soaps will soften and melt down quicker in the dish than soaps made with beef tallow , for instance .
Palm oil helps all - vegetable soaps to be hard and longer lasting .
That in addition to coconut are good to blend with a conditioning oil such as olive .
Toiletries ( Recipes ) Questions
Do you also make lotions and bath salts and things ?
I just started .
I was having fun , but running into problems and questions .
Where can I find answers ?
Need to know about oils used in lotions .
Do they spoil ?
Do I need a preservative and which one ?
Also , does it make a big difference which kind of salts I use in my bath salts , sea , Epsom , rock , and baking soda( not a salt ) ?
Also what do I add for sun protection in my chapsticks ?
I read that sesame oil is good for that .
Is that true ?
Also zinc oxide ?
Here is a revised list of other recipe sources that discuss things that I do n't make !
Easy Recipe for Kids
Do you have a recipe for soap kids can make for a science fair project ?
Probably your best bet for this is the tiny batch recipe that is included in the U.S.A .
Today article I have posted at the top of many of my pages .
Just link over to the article and look for that small recipe .
Be sure to measure really accurately ... the smaller the batch , the easier it is to get it either too lye heavy or too greasy .
Science Projects
Hi , I am a freshman in high school and I am doing my science project this year on bar soaps .
I am doing my project on this subject because whenever I use a bar soap ( usually a commercial bar soap such as Ivory , Caress , or Jergens ) it seems to leave a dry , sticky sort of feeling to my skin .
I have always wondered why .
I would appreciate it if you would write back to this e-mail address ASAP and answer these few questions that I have :
What makes your soap different from commercial products ?
Does your soap moisturize skin ?
Why or why not ?
What are the moisturizing ingredients ?
Do you know why most bar soaps leave the sticky , dry feeling ?
Well , that 's about all that I can think of right now .
Please right back as soon as possible .
I would appreciate any other details or info that you can give me .
Thanks again !
Hello , Sarah .
You will find more info on homemade soap on my website ... so I 'll let you check there to glean more information , but I 'll try to answer your questions ...
> What makes your soap different from commercial products ?
Is is not chock full of additives , has all the natural glycerin still intact after the soapmaking process , and is TOTALLY milder on the skin than any commercial soap I 've ever tried .
It can often help clear skin conditions on people who have problems with commercial products .
( I 'm speaking of any well made homemade soap ... not just my own . )
> Does your soap moisturize skin ?
Why or why not ?
Depends on the recipe , but it can a little .
What is more important is that it does n't dry it out and leaves a bit of emollient behind when you use it ( the natural glycerin which has not been drawn off as a by - product as they do in commercial soaps ) .
I wash my face with my soap , but always moisturize the dry places afterward as well ... cheeks and eyebrows on me !
What you notice is that your skin does n't feel tight and drawn after using homemade soap ... just clean and nice .
I am so spoiled , I have to use commercial once in awhile to remember how that felt .
Blah !
> What are the moisturizing ingredients ?
You can add special oils to soap like shea butter , vit E. , jojoba , etc . but the main thing that is moisturizing about homemade soap ( made properly ) is that is has all the natural glycerin left in ( which comes from the original fats and oils ... coconut , palm , olive , tallow , etc. ) .
Glycerin is a by - product of soapmaking and in commercial products , they usually draw most of it out .
This is why commercial soaps are more drying to the skin than the natural homemade kind .
The average bar of homemade soap is approximately 75 % soap compound and 25 % glycerin .
> Do you know why most bar soaps leave the sticky , dry feeling ?
Not sure ... but most " soaps " you buy over the counter are not truly soap at all , but detergent bars ( synthetic detergents ) .
Real soap will be made from fats and oils such as palm , coconut , tallow , etc .
They have been blended with lye or sodium hydroxide and that chemical process makes soap ( called " saponification " which you are learning about in Chemistry ) .
When you find these on the label , they will usually read ... " sodium tallowate , sodium cocoate , sodium palmate , " etc .
For more information that will help with your science project , read the information on the following pages and also check out the links in the information section of my Soapmaking Links page .
At least one or two pertain to this subject .
Hope this helps a little .
You should go to your local market and read some soap labels .
If they have some homemade types , read those as well and compare the ingredients .
Good luck with your project !
Worthy News Asia Service with reporting by BosNewsLife 's Stefan J. Bos
HANOI , VIETNAM ( Worthy News ) -- Several Protestant Christians in Vietnam , including Degar - Montagnards , were uncertain Monday , June 22 , where to worship as government forces raided and destroyed churches in recent weeks , church sources and rights investigators said .
In the country 's Central Highlands , Christians anticipated more arrests after police reportedly summoned a dozen people involved in last month 's three - days of mourning and prayers following the recent destruction of the first church of the Degar - Monagnards , a mainly Christian ethnic group .
Over 80,000 Degar - Montagnards in the area and abroad stayed home between May 1 and May 4 .
We did " not go anywhere for three days and three nights , to mourn for our church because we have failed in protecting our Historical Church at Buon Ale ' A ' [ area ] in the city of city of Buonmathuot in the Central Highlands , ” said the Montagnard Foundation Incorprated ( MFI ) , which supports the Christians .
Government work crews destroyed the Protestant church building of Evangelical Church of Vietnam ( South ) , or ECVN ( S ) , in the area of Banmethuot in March , MFI and Christians said .
CHURCH CONFISCATED
Authorities already confiscated the church building in 1975 after the Communist victory at the end of the Vietnam War , and removed its cross .
After the latest demolition , the ECVN ( S ) said in a resolution that its " Executive Council ... is extremely upset and in deep sympathy with the 135,000 believers in Dak Lak province . "
Police reacted by summoning at least a dozen of hundreds of Degar - Montagnard believers in the village of Buon Puortara , who were among those participating in the massive prayer and mourning event , advoacy group MFI told Worthy News .
They were released the same day , on May 13 , but MFI said it feared more arrests amid an apparent crackdown on Christian worship outside the official churches in the Communist nation .
“ The police told [ the detained Christians ] “ From now on you are not allowed to worship and pray to your God .
These Christians answered : “ We will not stop worshiping and praying to our God.
Besides , your government has agreed to give religious freedom to all Vietnamese citizens according to international laws .
You can persecute us or do anything you want to us because you have power over us but our Lord God has power over you , " MFI explained .
MORE ATTACKS
However the crackdown is not limited to the Central Highlands , at a time when the ruling Vietnamese Communist Party views the unrestricted spread of Christianity as a threat to its power base and ideology , Christians said .
Police reportedly also invaded the Sunday service of the Agape Baptist congregation in Vietnam ’s Hung Yen Province on June 7 , allegedly beating worshippers , including women , while arresting a pastor and an elder .
Christian sources said police put the two church leaders into separate cells , and each man was beaten by a gang of five policemen .
Pastor Duong Van Tuan of the house church in Hamlet 3 , Ong Dinh Commune , Khoai Chau district said that officers beat them in a way that did not leave marks : hard blows to the stomach .
The beatings reportedly came in retaliation for Pastor Tuan refusing to leave the area as police had ordered , Christian sources said .
He and the church elder were released later that evening .
The congregation in Hung Yen , a small but populous province that straddles the Red River 50 kilometers ( 31 miles ) south of Hanoi , has endured harassment and attacks by police and other officials since April , reported Christian news agency Compass Direct News .
Police officers apparently also disrupted worship services on April 19 , bloodying Pastor Tuan ’s mouth with punches , and also on May 24 and 31 .
Vietnamese officials have in the past denied wrongdoing , calling MFI reports part of Western Propaganda ” against the Communist - run state .
Rights groups say however that many Christians and political activists continue to be detained , including in prison camps , where inmates have complained about alleged harsh treatment .
RELIGIOUS PRISONERS
In published remarks seen by Worthy News and its news partner BosNewsLife , political and religious prisoners incarcerated at Xuan Loc - Dong Nai prison camp in Vietnam , complained of crimes that the Vietnamese Communist Party allegedly commit through its prison system .
" They systematically persecute and mistreat political and common prisoners alike , " and " due to their long sentences many deaths happened in the prison camp , " prisoners said in a declaration that was apparently smuggled out of the camp .
Among " various solitary confinement techniques " have been " restricting movements and contacts with other prisoners to the maximum , " beatings , restricting health care access , and limited food supplies .
" Cooking is totally restricted , prisoners are not given cooking fuels , causing them undue hardships , particularly those whose family have little or no support and are unable to make frequent visits , leading to the deterioration of inmates ’ health , " they said .
Let your Friends know !
Be sure to SHARE !
Fair Use Notice : This site contains copyrighted material the use of which has not always been specifically authorized by the copyright owner .
We are making such material available in our efforts to advance understanding of environmental , political , human rights , economic , democracy , scientific , and social justice issues , etc .
We believe this constitutes a ' fair use ' of any such copyrighted material as provided for in section 107 of the US Copyright Law .
In accordance with Title 17 U.S.C.
Section 107 , the material on this site is distributed without profit to those who have expressed a prior interest in receiving the included information for research and educational purposes .
For more information go to : http://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/17/107.shtml.
If you wish to use copyrighted material from this site for purposes of your own that go beyond ' fair use ' , you must obtain permission from the copyright owner .
" You can beat us as much as you can , but take us to our children , " shouted one woman , as a policeman was seen beating a man in a bid to disperse the crowd .
Around 170 people are believed to have been detained so far , and are thought to have been taken to Tehran 's Evin prison .
( If you get this joke , you 're either an English Major , or you 've spent too much time reading archaic British lit . )
For he is passionate as any loverFor he lies about , lethargic in his waysFor his fur is white , his ears and paws brownFor his eyes are blueFor his meow is keen and highFor his nose is soft and inquisitiveFor he goes limp and begins to purrFor he loves to be held For he used to want much for attentionFor he used to stinkFor he became too distracted by his testicles
For we had to remove them
Seattle Ricin- Threats May Have Been Sent By Gay Person
Those of you who speculated that the sender of a letter to 11 gay bars in Seattle threatening that drinks will be poisoned with Ricin were sent by a gay man are on to something .
The letter quotes the poem “ A Display of Mackerel ” by gay writer Mark Doty .
The 1994 poem was written by Doty as a meditation on gay men who died because of AIDS .
Doty tells Dan Savage , “ I was trying to console myself and others , at least a little , for all we ’d endured .
So , it ’s especially ugly for these words to be used against gay men . ”
The Seattle Times reports :
“ The FBI confirmed it was involved in the investigation but referred questions to a Seattle Police Department spokesman , who said the department is taking the threat seriously but declined to comment further on the investigation .
Josh Friedes , of Equal Rights Washington , said he is pleased by the seriousness with which law - enforcement and public officials seem to be taking the threat .
Friedes said he will be urging people who patronize the bars to be “ extra vigilant ” with their drinks but that the threats will not curtail his own plans to go out to bars .
The letter sent to bars quoted the poem “ A Display of Mackerel ” by gay writer Mark Doty , leading many to speculate the letters were written by someone who is gay or lesbian .
The poem was recently published in his book “ Fire to Fire : New and Selected Poems , ” which won the National Book Award for Poetry in 2008 .
The letter mimics the poem in the line , “ The targets wo n’t care much that they ’ll be dead and nearly frozen , just as , presumably , they did n’t care that they were living . ”
It ’s nice to hear that the FBI is taking the case seriously as whoever sent the letters is quite literally , engaging in terrorism .
That said , gay bar owners do n’t expect the threats to keep away business .
“ I do n’t think this community is going to be scared to go out , ” said Carla Schricker , owner of Re-bar , one of 11 gay bars that were threatened in the typewritten letters .
Still , Schricker and many others have posted signs warning customers not to leave their drinks unattended .
They also have asked staff to keep an eye out for suspicious behavior . ”
Here is the full poem by Mark Doty :
This piece was reprinted by OpEdNews with permission or license .
It may not be reproduced in any form without permission or license from the source .
If we hear in the coming days that former Vice President Dick Cheney has fired one of his speechwriters — or perhaps grounded Lynne or Liz — it will be clear why .
Oozing out of the sleazy speech he gave Thursday at the American Enterprise Institute was an inadvertent truth regarding the Israeli albatross hanging around the neck of U.S. policy in the Middle East .
I watched the speech , but had missed the gaffe until I went carefully through the written text before a radio interview Thursday evening .
It amounts to a major faux pas , though I ’ll give you odds that the usual - suspect pundits of the Fawning Corporate Media ( FCM ) will not touch it , because it raises troubling questions about the close U.S. relationship with Israel .
I wanted my 10 - year - old grandson to learn a nice word to describe the arguments in the former Vice President ’s speech , so he has now learned “ disingenuous . ”
Today we ’ll study “ superficial , ” for that is the right adjective to assign to both Cheney and President Barack Obama as they addressed the threat of “ terrorism , ” the threat always guaranteed to resonate among Americans — much like the threat of communism did , not too many decades back .
To burnish his anti-terrorist credentials , Obama pledged to do whatever is necessary to protect the United States and warned that al - Qaeda is " actively plotting to attack us again . ”
What continues to be missing in the rhetoric of both Obama and Cheney is any discussion of al - Qaeda ’s actual capability to perpetrate , in Cheney ’s words , “ a 9/11 with nuclear weapons ” or some other scary thought designed to make Americans hand over their liberties for some dubious promise of safety .
Equally important -- and equally missing -- there is never any sensible examination of the motives that might be driving what Cheney called this “ same assortment of killers and would - be mass murderers [ who ] are still there . ”
There are a number of reasons why al - Qaeda and other terrorist movements wish to attack us , but this question never gets a complete – or honest – answer , certainly not from the FCM or from the mouths of politicians like Cheney and Obama .
Why They Hate Us
But that ’s also where Cheney slipped up .
You did n’t notice ?
Well , Cheney could n’t resist expanding on the complaints of the terrorists :
“ They have never lacked for grievances against the United States .
Our belief in freedom of speech and religion … our belief in equal rights for women … our support for Israel … — these are the true sources of resentment … ”
“ Our support for Israel . ”
Cheney got that part right .
My radio interview Thursday was with an FCM station , and I thought I would make an extra effort to be “ fair and balanced . ”
So I noted that , to his credit , Cheney — advertently or inadvertently — did articulate one of the ( usually unspoken ) key reasons “ why they hate us . ”
I was immediately jumped on , figuratively , not only by the interviewee representing “ the other side , ” but also by the not - so - fair - and - balanced moderator .
My interlocutors did not seem all that hospitable to facts , but I thought I owed them a try at adducing some anyway .
9/11 , and Khalid Sheikh Mohammed …and 9/11 …
In his speech , Cheney mentioned 9/11 some 30 Times — for reasons that by this stage are obvious to all .
Referring specifically to waterboarding , Cheney said that waterboardee Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , “ the mastermind of 9/11 … also boasted about beheading Daniel Pearl . ”
( Here , I thought , is a really good example of “ disingenuous ” — a nice concrete example for my grandson .
For the only thing Khalid Sheikh Mohammed did NOT take responsibility for , after being waterboarded 183 Times , was climate change . )
But since the name Khalid Sheikh Mohammed came up , I asked my two interlocutors if they knew how “ KSM ” explained why he masterminded 9/11 .
Apparently , neither had made it as far as page 147 of the 9/11 Commission Report , so I told them what the 9/11 Commission found on that key point :
Next Page 1 | 2 | 3 ( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
1 1 1
Rate
It | View Ratings
Ray McGovern Social Media Pages :
Ray McGovern works with Tell the Word , the publishing arm of the ecumenical Church of the Saviour in inner-city Washington .
He was an Army infantry / intelligence officer and then a CIA analyst for 27 years , and is now on the Steering Group of Veteran Intelligence Professionals for Sanity ( VIPS ) .
His ( more ...
The views expressed herein are the sole responsibility of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of this website or its editors .
OpEdNews depends upon can't survive without your help .
If you value this article and the work of OpEdNews , please either Donate or Purchase a premium membership .
The tourists also had the rare chance of seeing the Demilitarized Zone ( DMZ ) – a favourite for tourists in South Korea – from the North .
Given that peace in the Korean peninsula is based on a ceasefire rather than a peace agreement , the precariousness of the situation is enough to make even visitors to the safer south feel uneasy .
But Newton said the cricketers never felt their lives were in danger .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Pakistan 's military is fighting " for the survival of the country " against Taleban militants in the Swat valley , its prime minister says .
Yusuf Raza Gilani was speaking as the army tried to retake Swat 's main town , Mingora , where a curfew is in force .
The government signed a peace agreement with the Swat Taleban in February , allowing Sharia law there , which was heavily criticised by Washington .
The militants then moved towards the capital , Islamabad .
See a map of the region Up to 15,000 troops have been deployed to take on 4-5,000 militants .
Pakistani forces have been waging an air and ground campaign
The army said it had killed 55 more militants on Saturday , having said that more than 140 militants had died in earlier clashes .
A BBC correspondent says that with phone connections to the Swat valley down , it is difficult to get independent information on the fighting , and there is no way to verify the army 's claims .
The fighting has already displaced some 200,000 people , while a further 300,000 are estimated to be on the move or about to flee , the UN says .
Sitara Imran , minister for social welfare in North West Frontier Province , called the exodus " one of the huge displacements , internal displacements in the world " .
' Feeling helpless '
" This is not a normal war , " Prime Minister Gilani told reporters on Saturday , Reuters news agency reports , " this is a guerrilla war . "
" This is our own war .
This is war for the survival of the country , " he said .
The BBC's Mark Dummett in Islamabad says that for the first time since the military launched the offensive against the Taleban in the Swat valley , the fighting has spread into the centre of Mingora .
An indefinite curfew is preventing people from fleeing the area , but the military says it will lift the curfew for seven hours on Sunday for people to leave .
" We are feeling so helpless , we want to go but can't , " Mingora resident Sallahudin Khan told Reuters news agency .
Cynicism among Swat refugees
In pictures : Pakistanis flee " We tried to leave yesterday after authorities relaxed the curfew for a few hours , but we could n't as the main road leading out of Mingora was literally jammed with the flood of fleeing people . "
The army has also accused the Taleban of holding the civilian population hostage and blocking their exit .
Mobile phone networks , water and electricity have all been cut in the town which is normally home to half a million people .
There are fears that food and medicine will run out if the fighting does not end soon .
Our correspondent says the government is hoping for a quick victory , while it still has the support of the Pakistani people .
The US says the militants in northern Pakistan pose a direct threat to its security , and has demanded they be confronted .
Pakistani military spokesman Gen Athar Abbas said the military 's objective was to eliminate the militants from the Swat valley and also the neighbouring districts of Dir and Buner .
Click here to return
Have you been affected by the fighting in the region ?
Have you been displaced ?
Send us your comments and stories using the form below .
Name
Your E-mail address
Town & Country
Phone number ( optional ) :
Comments
The BBC may edit your comments and not all emails will be published .
Your comments may be published on any BBC media worldwide .
Terms & Conditions
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The United States has released previously classified documents which allege that the Taliban has used white phosphorus in “ reprehensible ” attacks .
Army spokeswoman Major Jennifer Willis said that the insurgency has used munitions manufactured in Britain , China , Russia and Iran .
The documents show at least 38 instances where the militants had either used such weapons or they were found in their possession .
The US military has also used white phosphorus in the war , and conceded that in an incident two months ago a maimed girl could have been injured by white phosphorus used by either side .
Still , the military said the Taliban ’s use was particularly “ irresponsible . ”
The issue has been brought to the fore by allegations that the US had used white phosphorus during last week ’s Farah Province attack , the deadliest single attack on Afghan civilians since the war began .
The military has denied the allegation , but their official story has already changed numerous times in the 6 days since the killings .
KARACHI ( Reuters ) -
An outburst of ethnic violence in Pakistan ’s commercial capital Karachi in recent days killed at least 27 people , as tension between the dominant Mohajir community and ethnic Pashtuns from the northwest boiled over .
The violence in the city of more than 16 million people reflects tension across the country as the mostly Pashtun Pakistani Taliban step up attacks from their strongholds in the northwest on the Afghan border .
The clashes will add to concern nuclear - armed Pakistan is becoming more unstable as President Asif Ali Zardari and Afghanistan President Hamid Karzai prepare to meet U.S. President Barack Obama in Washington on Wednesday .
Karachi is a major entry point for military supplies shipped on by land to Afghanistan for the U.S. - and NATO - led anti-insurgency effort .
The Karachi violence has also dented the confidence of already nervous investors , and analysts say any further deterioration in city security could lead to a sharp fall in stocks and hurt business in general .
The Karachi Stock Exchange benchmark 100 - share index lost some ground last week because of the violence , and was down more than one percent , or by about 90 points , to 7,112 at 9:25 a.m. British time on Monday .
WHO LIVES IN KARACHI ?
Karachi , Pakistan ’s biggest city and capital of the southern Sindh province , has long been a tinder box .
Serious violence between rival factions was common in the 1990s .
Mohajirs , the descendents of Urdu- speaking people who migrated from India after the creation of Pakistan in 1947 , are the biggest community and dominate the city ’s administration .
Karachi is also home to the largest concentration of Pashtuns outside North West Frontier Province .
According to some estimates , more than 3.5 million Pashtuns live in the city .
The central bank and main stock exchange are also in Karachi which has the country ’s main industrial base and contributes the most in taxes to the national kitty .
The city also has the country ’s two main ports and most foreign companies investing in Pakistan have offices there .
HAS KARACHI EXPERIENCED VIOLENCE BEFORE ?
Karachi has a long history of ethnic , religious and sectarian violence .
It was a main target of al Qaeda - linked militants after the September 11 , 2001 , attacks on the United States when Pakistan joined the U.S. - led campaign against terrorism , and the city experienced several attacks on foreigners .
However , things have been relatively calm on that front in recent years as militants focussed attacks on cities in the north and across the northwest .
WHAT IS HAPPENING ?
Mohajirs in Karachi have become increasingly suspicious of a Pashtun community that has strong Islamist sympathies following the surge in militancy in the northwest .
The Muttahida Qaumi Movement ( MQM ) , which represents Mohajirs and has been the dominant political force in Karachi for years , has raised fears of “ Talibanisation ” of Karachi .
The party says Pakistani Taliban and members of allied militant groups have infiltrated Pashtun - dominated districts of the city .
The MQM , which controls the city government and is also part of a provincial coalition government led by President Zardari ’s Pakistan People ’s Party , also says Pashtuns are involved in crime , such as land grabbing .
The MOM says the violence last week was a result of authorities ’ anti-crime efforts .
Some analysts say city politics rather than a real Taliban threat are at the root of the tension .
The MQM fears changing city demographics , in particular the arrival of more Pashtuns , will weaken its power base .
The MOM ’s main opposition in Karachi is the secular , Pashtun - dominated Awami National Party ( ANP ) , which runs the government in North West Frontier Province and managed to win two seats in the Sindh provincial assembly in the last election .
The ANP is a member of the federal coalition so the tension is between two provincial - based , central government allies .
As such , the trouble should not undermine the federal government .
WHAT ’S AT STAKE ?
While stock investors are getting used to trouble in the northwest , violence in Karachi has a more immediate market impact .
The rupee , which has weakened 1.75 percent against the dollar this year after losing 22.12 percent in 2008 , was steady last week but prolonged violence would hurt economic activity and disrupt exports , putting more pressure on the currency .
Pashtuns control most of Karachi ’s transport network which means they could paralyse the city and its ports if they stopped work in response to violence .
David Chaytor was paid thousands for a mortgage on a Westminster flat MP David Chaytor has been suspended by the Parliamentary Labour Party amid allegations he claimed money for a mortgage he had already paid off .
He is the second Labour MP to be suspended and the latest from both main parties to face investigation amid continuing controversy over expenses .
The Daily Telegraph says the Bury North MP took nearly £ 13,000 for the flat in London after it was paid off in 2004 .
Saturday 's Telegraph makes allegations against several Labour and Tory MPs .
Mr Chaytor is referring himself to the MPs standards watchdog over the matter .
He was quoted by the Telegraph as saying he had made an " unforgivable error in my accounting procedures for which I apologise unreservedly " .
EXPENSES ROW CASUALTIES
Elliot Morley - suspended from parliamentary Labour Party after admitting claiming £ 16,000 for a mortgage he had already paid off Shahid Malik - resigned as justice minister pending inquiry into his expenses Andrew MacKay - quit as parliamentary aide to David Cameron over " unacceptable " expenses claim
He reportedly told the paper he would immediately arrange repayment to the House of Commons fees office .
Mr Chaytor 's wife Sheena said her husband " was very shocked when he heard " of the claims around his expenses , adding that he was " flabbergasted , he could not believe it " .
She said : " He has made a really stupid mistake .
It was a mistake but I do not suppose anybody will believe that .
I hope so though . "
Mr Chaytor is the latest of several MPs to face investigation or disciplinary over their expenses , including former farming minister Elliot Morley , who has also been suspended from the Parliamentary Labour Party .
Peter Kenyon , a member of Labour 's national executive committee , said MPs who had abused the system could find themselves deselected by the party .
He said it was a matter of deciding which claims were " dodgy " .
Three types of transgression - possible fraud , MPs playing the property market for personal gain , and extravagant and unjustifiable claims for goods and services - had been identified , he said .
" What we would expect is that the NEC , at its meeting on Tuesday , will clarify the rules that would apply in the cases that would appear to us and to the general public to be incontrovertible and where decisive action has got to be taken , " he added .
String of allegations
The Telegraph says Mr Chaytor " flipped " the designation of his second home six times , including once to a house registered in his son 's name .
Other allegations from Saturday 's Telegraph include : • Labour MP , Chris Bryant is accused by the paper of flipping his second home twice in two years .
Mr Bryant describes the allegations as unfounded and inaccurate .
• Former long - serving Labour MP
Tam Dalyell is said to have attempted to claim £ 18,000 for bookcases , two months before retiring from Parliament in 2005 .
He said the Commons fees office eventually paid about £ 7,800 , adding that he was he was " entirely relaxed " about the allegations .
DAVID CHAYTOR
Former lecturer , once head of continuing education at the Manchester College of Arts and Technology Elected to the marginal seat of Bury North in 1997 Sits on the Children , Schools and Families Committee and the Environmental Audit Committee Fellow of the Royal Society of Arts and a member of the Unite union President of Brooksbottom Cricket Club and Bury Horticultural Society Married with three children • Veteran Labour MP Sir Gerald Kaufman is said to have claimed £ 1,851 for a rug from a New York antique centre and tried to claim more than £ 8,800 for a television .
The paper says he has offered to repay the money for the rug and that he described the television claim as " a bit daft " .
Sir Gerald has since declined to comment on the matters to reporters .
• Conservative MP for Totnes in Devon , Anthony Steen , is said to have claimed £ 87,000 over four years for his country home , including paying a forestry expert to inspect his trees .
He told the BBC he was being " pilloried " for the transparency of his claims and that he had never claimed for mortgage interest on the property .
He described the expenses system as " appalling " and " unworkable " .
• Liberal Democrat culture spokesman and Teignbridge MP Richard Younger - Ross is revealed to have claimed more than £ 4,000 for mirrors , a hi-fi , and a £ 1,475 chest of drawers for his rented London flat .
He told the paper he had repaid the money .
• Tory MP Nadine Dorries denies Daily Telegraph allegations that she spent only free weekends and holidays in the property she calls her main home .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Another Tory MP Julian Lewis has released a statement on his website after reportedly being told by the Sunday Telegraph that his claims would be among the next batch published .
The New Forest East MP is said to have claimed more than £ 7,000 for redecorating his second home and had a claim for £ 6,000 for wooden flooring rejected .
Mr Lewis told the Press Association the expenses system was " rotten , " but said he would be " astonished " if asked to repay any money .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Former independent MP Martin Bell , who was elected on an anti-sleaze platform in 1997 , says corruption now " seems to be endemic " in the Commons .
He told BBC One 's The Politics Show , to be broadcast on Sunday at 1200 BST : " What we 're looking for is remorse , contrition , by - elections , de-selections , maybe even prosecutions . "
It was " not enough " for MPs with controversial expense claims to say what they did within the rules or to pay the money back .
Meanwhile , the Metropolitan Police Service and Crown Prosecution Service are due to meet next week to discuss whether a criminal investigation should be launched into some of the Telegraph 's allegations about MPs .
It is thought this was partly prompted by a number of complaints from members of the public .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
VANCOUVER - Canadian police were on the search Monday for a brazen thief who snatched a take - away meal while making a naked run past a fast food restaurant 's drive - though window .
An employee of a Langley , B.C. , Wendy 's restaurant was handing food to a customer waiting in her car when a naked man ran between them , taking off with her fries , and leaving little evidence behind , according to police .
" Other than an age range , neither woman could provide further description , " police said in a press release .
The man , believed to be in his 20s , jumped into a waiting van , which sped away from the scene during the weekend incident , police said .
Published online 3 June 2009 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news.2009.540
News
Quantum entanglement of mechanical vibrations brings ' quantum computing ' another step nearer .
Entangled oscillations could boost the power of future quantum computers .
John Jost / Jason Amini
The line between the quantum realm and the world of classical mechanics we inhabit has just got a little bit blurrier .
Physicists have shown that mechanical vibrations can be entangled , which promises to help along attempts to build quantum computers .
Physicists have succeeded in tying together the fate of pairs of particles in the lab before .
Manipulating the properties of one immediately affects its entangled partner , no matter how far apart they are — a phenomenon known as quantum entanglement .
But so far they have only been able to entangle fairly esoteric quantum properties , such as an atom 's internal spin state , says John Jost at the US National Institute of Standards and Technology in Boulder , Colorado .
Now Jost and his colleagues have succeeded in entangling a property that we are familiar with from everyday experience — vibrations1 .
They have entangled two pairs of ions , held about a quarter of a millimetre apart in an ion trap , so that the pairs oscillate in step with each other .
In each pair , a beryllium ion was partnered with a magnesium ion .
" You can think of them like two balls connected by a spring that vibrate back and forth in unison , " says Jost .
“ This is the first time we 've seen entanglement in a mechanical system . ”
John Jost
US National Institute of Standards and Technology
The first step to achieving these synchronized vibrations relied on standard techniques to entangle the spins of the beryllium ions in each pair .
The trick was then to transfer this conventional form of entanglement into the vibration of the ion pairs , using lasers .
" Depending on its internal spin state , the beryllium ions will absorb certain frequencies of laser light , which excites them and sets them vibrating , " explains Jost .
The two entangled pairs of beryllium and magnesium ions then began to vibrate in lockstep ( see video ) .
" This is the first time we 've seen entanglement in a mechanical system , " says Jost .
Pendulum power
" It 's like entangling two little pendulums , " says Rainer Blatt , an expert on manipulating quantum systems at the University of Innsbruck , Austria .
" This is first - class experimental physics . "
It 's possible to synchronize two macroscopic pendulums without employing any weird quantum effects .
So the team 's final step was to demonstrate entanglement by transferring it back into the beryllium spins again , and testing that the spins were once again correlated .
The particles were held a fraction of a millimetre apart in an ion trap .
John Jost
The work , published in Nature today , has important implications for scaling up quantum effects to build quantum computers , says physicist Vlatko Vedral at the University of Oxford , UK .
In current quantum ion -trap experiments , one ion is able to hold one ' qubit ' — the quantum equivalent of a classical bit of information — encoded in one of its internal properties , such as its spin .
However , says Vedral , the new demonstration suggests that this storage capacity could be doubled by also encoding information in the ion 's vibration .
" It 's really having this extra memory capacity that could give more processing power . "
Pushing the boundaries
The team 's work also addresses the reach of the quantum realm .
" The question is : can anything be entangled ? " says Vedral .
" That 's really what 's at stake here , and this group has moved quantum effects up a level , into something more tangible . "
ADVERTISEMENT
The next step , says Vedral , should be to repeat the experiment using larger and heavier oscillators .
In 2007 , Vedral and his colleagues proposed that entanglement could , in theory , show up in the vibrations of microscale mirrors2 .
Tests to demonstrate this are under way at the University of Vienna , in Austria .
Jost 's methods will make it much easier to create and detect entanglement between ions and mirrors , says Blatt .
" Then , of course , really macroscopic devices become available for entanglement studies , " he says .
" Thus the techniques will certainly help us in understanding the quantum - classical boundary . "
Editor 's note : Jenny McCarthy and Jim Carrey are actors and parents actively involved in autism - related causes .
McCarthy is the author of the book " Louder Than Words : A Mother 's Journey in Healing Autism . "
Actress Jenny McCarthy believes that vaccines could have contributed to her son's autism .
( CNN ) --
In light of the recent Hannah Poling decision , in which the federal court conceded that vaccines could have contributed to her autism , we think the tide is finally turning in the direction of parents like us who have been shouting concerns from our rooftops for years .
Autism is a debilitating disorder , which according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , is suffered by 1 in 150 kids , making it more common than childhood cancer , diabetes and AIDS combined .
Recently , England and Ireland reported that autism is affecting one in 58 individuals .
Is it any wonder that autism has become many new parents '
No. 1 fear ?
We 've met some of the most amazing moms and dads who are forging their own path to prevention and recovery .
When our son , Evan , was diagnosed with autism we were lucky enough to benefit from their knowledge and experience .
Evan has been healed to a great extent by many breakthroughs that , while perhaps not scientifically proven , have definitely helped Evan and many other children who are recovering from autism .
Parents vs. scientists :
Watch the latest test case »
There are some who wonder what we mean when we say " recovering " from autism .
They confuse the word recover with cure .
While you may not be able to cure an injury caused in a terrible car accident , you can recover ; you can regain many skills that you once lost .
In the case of autism , we think there are treatments that often bring about such healing , so that the observable symptoms of the condition no longer exist .
Even though we may no longer see any symptoms of autism , we can't say a child is " cured " because we do not know what they would have been like had they never been injured .
We believe what helped Evan recover was starting a gluten - free , casein - free diet , vitamin supplementation , detox of metals , and anti-fungals for yeast overgrowth that plagued his intestines .
Once Evan 's neurological function was recovered through these medical treatments , speech therapy and applied behavior analysis helped him quickly learn the skills he could not learn while he was frozen in autism .
After we implemented these therapies for one year , the state re-evaluated Evan for further services .
They spent five minutes with Evan and said , " What happened ?
We 've never seen a recovery like this . "
Watch Jenny McCarthy talk about her son's autism »
Evan is now 5 years old and what might surprise a lot of you is that we 've never been contacted by a single member of the CDC , the American Academy of Pediatrics , or any other health authority to evaluate and understand how Evan recovered from autism .
When Evan meets doctors and neurologists , to this day they tell us he was misdiagnosed -- that he never had autism to begin with .
It 's as if they are wired to believe that children can't recover from autism .
Watch CDC chief on vaccines , autism »
So where 's the cavalry ?
Where are all the doctors beating down our door to take a closer look at Evan ?
We think we know why they have n't arrived .
Most of the parents we 've met who have recovered their child from autism as we did ( and we have met many ) blame vaccines for their child 's autism .
We think our health authorities do n't want to open this can of worms , so they do n't even look or listen .
While there is strong debate on this topic , many parents of recovered children will tell you they did n't treat their child for autism ; they treated them for vaccine injury .
Read about latest fight over vaccines and autism
Many people are n't aware that in the 1980s our children received only 10 vaccines by age 5 , whereas today they are given 36 immunizations , most of them by age 2 .
With billions of pharmaceutical dollars , could it be possible that the vaccine program is becoming more of a profit engine then a means of prevention ?
We believe autism is an environmental illness .
Vaccines are not the only environmental trigger , but we do think they play a major role .
If we are going to solve this problem and finally start to reverse the rate of autism , we need to consider changing the vaccine schedule , reducing the number of shots given and removing certain ingredients that could be toxic to some children .
We take into account that some children have reactions to medicines like penicillin , for example , yet when it comes to vaccines we are operating as if our kids have a universal tolerance for them .
We are acting like ONE SIZE FITS ALL .
That is , at the very least , a huge improbability .
Even if the CDC is not convinced of a link between vaccines and autism , changing the vaccine schedule should be seriously considered as a precautionary measure .
( If you would like to see some ideas for alternative schedules , check out http://generationrescue.org.)
We wish to state , very clearly , that we are not against all vaccines , but we do believe there is strong evidence to suggest that some of the ingredients may be hazardous and that our children are being given too many , too soon !
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the writers .
E-mail to a friend
Fidel Castro , My Life
A Spoken Autobiography
- Fidel Castro and Ignacio Ramonet
( Image by Unknown Owner ) Details DMCA
Fidel Castro , My Life - Chapter 7 : Che Guevara
After two years of prison on the isle of Pines , Fidel knew he was a marked man on the island and chose , instead , to go into hiding in Mexico .
That proved to be one of the most decisive moments in his quest to rid Cuba of its American overlords .
Once there , Fidel met and befriended Ernesto " Che " Guevara .
By that time , El Che had already completed his famous motorcycle tour of South America , visited a leper colony along the way , met with the indigenous people working in the copper mines at Chuquicamata , Chile , and moved to Guatemala at the beginning of President Arbenz ' tenure as the democratically elected president of the country in 1951 .
While in Guatemala , El Che saw first hand the imperialist boot of America and its crushing consequences .
One of the first radical changes President Arbenz wanted to implement was the agrarian reform where the lands could be more evenly distributed among the country 's poor .
Unfortunately , in 1953 , any type of agrarian reform anywhere in Latin America that was n't part of a specific US - approved policy was considered Communistic in origin and in 1954 the Guatemalan military , with the help of the CIA , overthrew President Arbenz .
As fate would have it , right after the disastrous defeat at Moncada , some of Fidel 's group fled Cuba and went to Guatemala where they met up with El Che .
The following year , when the military coup d'état ousted President Arbenz , El Che and the group moved to Mexico City .
Later , when brother Raúl left prison , he too met up with El Che in Mexico .
Fidel followed soon thereafter .
But at that time , El Che was still called Ernesto Guevara .
The nickname , " El Che , " happened because of the fact that Argentineans like to use the word " che " a lot and being from Argentina , he too used the word in excess .
After a some time together , they started calling him , El Che , and the name stuck .
El Che came from an upper middle class family in Argentina and had studied to be a doctor .
After receiving his diploma , he decided to dedicate himself to the plight of the poor and suffering throughout Latin America .
Even though El Che knew little about Marx , Engels and Socialism in general , he innately came to similar conclusions and both Fidel and Che had many points in common .
This was one of the main reasons that their friendship became so strong .
When both men finally met at a mutual friend 's home on Calle Emparan in Mexico City , it did n't ' take long at all for Che to join the team .
He had recently witnessed the brutal overthrow of the democratically elected president in Guatemala by the military who had American backing .
He had already heard about Fidel 's battle at Moncada and of his dedication to freeing Cuba from the yoke of oppression applied by the US .
The only caveat he asked for was the ability to start an equivalent uprising in his native Argentina once Cuba was freed .
During their exile in Mexico , they both attended guerrilla warfare tactics given by a former Spanish general , Alberto Bayo , who had extensive experience in combat in Morocco and later during the Spanish Civil War .
In addition , they both attended target practice at hidden gun ranges on the outskirts of Mexico City .
In both areas El Che excelled , even though he had no experience in either prior to their meeting .
Nevertheless , his knowledge in medicine was far more important than the later acquired skills and El Che was officially the group 's chief medic .
His tireless enthusiasm and incomparable desire to help in any way possible meant that he always volunteered for any project or task at hand .
Before the leaders could even finish their discourse about what was needed , El Che 's hand would raise fast and high .
His indefatigable desire to help in any way he could never diminished .
Even though he suffered from asthma , he never let that nor any other weakness get in the way of his success at each task .
In fact , he could often be found climbing up the side of the mountain Popocatepetl , which rises to some 18,000 feet above sea level , with full gear strapped on just to see how far he could go before his body gave way to exhaustion .
Next Page 1 | 2
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
The first incorrect assumption I would like to address is the topic of " belief " :
Atheism is a belief system .
Atheism is not a belief system because there is n't anything we are " believing " that could be considered a " system . "
Atheism does n't join people together in a common ideology like religions do because atheists share nothing in common , except their lack of belief in 1 specific thing .
Imagine trying to label other groups based on their lack of belief in 1 specific thing .
You'd have the " Non-bigfoot - believers " and the " Non-mermaid - believers " and the " Non-magic - believers " .
These groups would n't share anything you could call a belief system .
Same with atheists .
In a way , people will get into a discussion of semantics of whether atheism is a " belief " or not , but really that is only because it is possible to state the any negative belief as a belief in the negative , which kinda works in english even if it does n't exactly convey the position .
Some definitions of atheism will even say something along the lines of " belief there is no god " but really the issue here , from my perspective , is that there are a finite number of things I believe .
I believe gravity makes things fall , I believe I am losing my hair in the back , I believe my favorite team just lost their 3rd game in a row etc .
But the things I do n't believe are infinite .
You could come up with an infinite number of things I do n't believe in .
In fact , I could come up with an infinite number of things YOU do n't believe in that all deal with pink unicorns !
Do n't believe me ?
Do you believe that there is a pink unicorn in front of you right now ?
Do you believe that there are 2 pink unicorns in front of you right now ?
Do you believe that there are 3 pink unicorns .... forever .
So you could turn ALL of those infinite " lack of beliefs " into " beliefs " by stating the negatives , but none of those define the persons actual finite beliefs .
So , if someone asked me " Do you believe there is no god ? "
I would probably simply respond " Yes " but really the correct response to convey my position is " I do n't believe that there is a god . "
Whether or not atheism is a " belief " really is n't a giant deal , but it kinda leads into the next issue which is a big deal :
Atheists require faith to believe there is no god .
It takes more faith to be an atheist than to believe in god .
How can atheists be sure there is no god when they have no proof ?
Atheists are arrogant in thinking they know there is no god when really they do n't know .
Atheists claim to know what can not be known .
These statements are all inaccurate .
This is where " belief " ( or our lack of it ) comes in to the real discussion .
99.9 % of atheists wo n't claim ( with the certainty that religious folks do to the contrary ) that they know there is n't a god .
Now , once again , if someone asked me " Is there a god ? "
I 'd probably just say " No " , but the full answer would really be something like " I think the chance that there is a god is extremely small . "
Most atheists do n't usually respond with the fully qualified answer , which I think leads to people to make the assumption that atheists are 100 % sure that god does n't exist .
This is not the case .
We do n't KNOW that god does n't exist .
I am totally open to the possibility of god existing , ( and bigfoot , alien abductions , the lock ness monster , and holistic medicine ) and as soon as there is evidence to support any of it , I will reevaluate my position .
So you see , ( virtually all ) atheists leave open the possibility for god existing .
Some people refer to this view as " weak atheism " .
A " strong atheist " on the other hand ( of which there are very few ) would say " I know there is no god . "
These people do in fact require faith to make such a statement because they can't have proof that god does n't exist ( because it 's impossible to prove ) , but the 99.9 % of us atheists who leave open that possibility of god do n't require any " faith " to hold our position any more than it takes " faith " to not believe in Santa Claus .
You do n't have proof that he is n't real , but the odds are pretty low .
If you are n't sure if god is real or not you are n't an atheist , you are really an agnostic and not an atheist .
In some respects this is true , but I still consider myself an atheist , and maybe after reading this some agnostics will consider themselves atheists too .
One definition for agnostic is :
One who believes that it is impossible to know whether there is a God .
By this definition , I am an agnostic .
But let me pose a question :
On the topic of leprechauns , do you know they exist or not for certain ?
While some would just jump to saying they are sure leprechauns do n't exist , the reality is that no one can really be 100 % sure that leprechauns or ( insert any mythical magical made up thing here ) do n't exist .
It 's impossible to prove .
So , by strict definitions , on the topic of leprechauns , you are all agnostics .
But that really does n't accurately describe your position on leprechauns does it ?
No , you really do n't think leprechauns exist ... you are n't really " on the fence " about the issue .
Same for most atheists .
Yes , by leaving open the possibility that god could exist , by definition , we are agnostic , but for all intents and purposes , we are atheists .
Pol Pot and Stalin were atheists and they murdered tons of people .
This may be true , but they also both did n't believe in the flying spaghetti monster .
Neither of these lack of beliefs directed them to do what they did .
Their lack of blief was n't the reason they murdered people .
They were sociopaths .
Based on sheer numbers , Christians must be committing murders all the time in the US .
But , usually not because of their religion .
I 'm not going to blame christianity or any other religion for something one of it's followers do , unless they are acting based on their religion .
So von Braunn might have been atheist , as one person suggested , but he did n't go to the museum to kill because he was atheist , he went because he was racist .
Scott Roeder on the other hand , killed George Tiller because , in his religious beliefs , Tiller was a mass murderer who had to be stopped .
How can atheists be moral if they do n't believe in the bible which teaches what is right and wrong ?
Someone could write an entire book on this topic , but I 'll just say that morality is something we have evolved as a trait to help us survive .
Tribes of humans who helped each other out were more likely to survive than those that did n't .
You 'll find that most atheists have a very strong sense of morality , but it is n't dictated to them by a holy book .
I 'd also argue that the 3 main holy books are loaded with immoral lessons .
Genocide , slaughtering women and children , beating slaves to a pulp , rape , sacrificing your own children etc .
Sure there are positive moral stories too , but these books are far from quality lessons on morality in today 's society .
Why does it matter if people are religious or not ?
Ca n't you just leave them alone ?
At the most basic level it matters to me because the truth matters to me .
I want to have the most accurate view of the world possible , and that means trying to believe as many true things as possible , and trying to NOT believe as many false things as possible .
And if there is n't evidence for something , I do n't think it should be believed .
On a DK level , religion stands in the way of a lot of progressive goals either directly or indirectly .
It directly impacts things like :
- abortion rights
- gay marriage
- stem cell research
- sex education
- AIDS funding in Africa
- science education in school
- middle east relations
- global warming and environmental efforts
But it indirectly impacts EVERYTHING we fight for on this site , because if religion were not allowed into the equation when elections came around , the country would be much farther to the left on issues that have nothing to do with religion ( like health care or taxation ) .
Without religion , Bush would have never won election .
It would n't have been close .
How many GOP senators and congressmen have won election in part due to their strong religious positions ?
How many " Republicans " do you know who are only Republicans because of their religious beliefs and vote a straight republican ticket because they think its the right thing to do from a religious perspective , even if they know ( or do n't know ) that they are voting against their own self interest ?
People will vote for a guy who promises to fight to allow prayer in school , but when elected what he is really doing is voting to kill health care reform , voting in favor of tax breaks for the rich , voting against CAFE standards ... none of this has anything to do with religion , but it is religion that put him there .
Also , if you look around the world at countries that have a high level of atheism ( where religion is not oppressed by an authoritarian government ) you will find they are some of the most progressive , successful , and " happy " places to live .
So I think you could make the case that if the US were to move more in that direction in terms of religion , it would result in good things for the country as a whole .
In summary :
- Atheism is a lack of a specific belief , not a belief system .
- Atheists do n't KNOW that there is n't a god .
- Atheists do n't need faith to be atheists .
- Atheist murderers do n't kill in the name of atheism .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) -- CIA Director Leon Panetta has carried through on his pledge to prohibit independent contractors from conducting interrogations of terror suspects .
CIA Director Leon Panetta says secret prisons used to detain terror suspects have been closed .
In a message to agency employees on Thursday , Panetta said he had notified the congressional oversight committees about the current CIA policy regarding interrogations .
Besides discontinuing the use of contractors , the director outlined in the message other steps taken in response to executive orders issued by President Obama in January .
The harsh interrogation techniques authorized by the Bush administration will no longer be used .
Panetta said questioning of suspected terrorists will follow the approaches authorized in the Army Field Manual .
The director said the agency will " not tolerate , and will continue to promptly report , any inappropriate behavior or allegations of abuse . "
He said that included suspects held by Americans or those who might have been transferred to other countries .
The secret prisons used to detain terror suspects have been closed , Panetta said .
Panetta said no individuals have been detained since he became director nearly two months ago .
However , he said the " CIA retains the authority to detain individuals on a short - term basis . "
Senate Intelligence Committee Chairwoman Dianne Feinstein issued a statement in support of Panetta 's actions , in particular the decision to drop contractors .
" I am very pleased that Mr. Panetta has announced that contractors will no longer conduct interrogations , " said Feinstein , D - California and House speaker , who had previously sponsored legislation to end the process .
All About Leon Panetta • Terrorism • Central Intelligence Agency
Symbol not found
Your search for “ URS ” was not found .
( CNN ) --
Despite spending more money than any other country on health care , the United States does not lead the world in life expectancy , a long - known fact that some experts say could raise more questions in the health - care reform debate .
A study found that better - educated doctors increase the growth rate of life expectancy .
The United States ranks 50th out of 224 nations in life expectancy , with an average life span of 78.1 years , according to 2009 estimates from the CIA World Factbook .
Some argue part of the problem stems from the privatized nature of the U.S. health care system , whose reform is being vigorously debated on Capitol Hill .
" What we are able to find in the industrialized world is that life expectancy will be influenced in a beneficial manner to the extent that health care expenditure is publicly financed , " said Harvey Brenner , professor of public health at the University of North Texas Health Science Center and Johns Hopkins University .
" The higher the government expenditure on health care , the lower will be the mortality rate . "
In countries where individuals pay for their own care , people often do n't get treatment until their symptoms have become serious , Brenner said .
There is also less emphasis on preventative care in those countries , he said .
An analysis by Bianca Frogner , postdoctoral fellow at the University of Illinois at Chicago 's School of Public Health , supports the view that a single - payer system may be associated with higher life expectancy .
The federal governments of countries such as Norway , Sweden , Denmark , Australia and Canada are the payers for the respective systems , and these countries have some of the highest life expectancies in the Organization of Economic Cooperation and Development .
" Inevitably the conversation about reforming our health care system focuses on the question of what are we getting for our money and how are others doing with their health care dollars .
Life expectancy , along with mortality and morbidity rates , are fairly straightforward numbers to rely on , " Frogner said in an e-mail .
A 2008 study in the Annals of Internal Medicine found that with the implementation of the Taiwan single payer systems , gain in life expectancy was slightly faster in the 10 years after reform than the 10 years prior to the reform .
But the issue for the United States is far more nuanced than simple comparisons to other countries , said Nicholas Eberstadt , researcher at the American Enterprise Institute , a Washington think tank .
The population characteristics and risk behaviors for different regions should also be taken into account , he said .
Compare life expectancy and health care expenditures in 15 countries »
While infant mortality rates in the 1980s and '90s were higher in the United States than in some Scandanavian countries , low birth weight babies had better survival rates in America at the same time , he said .
" The simplest hypothesis for this paradox is that at any given birth weight , especially at the critical high risk low birth rates , American babies got better access to medical care than Scandanavian babies , " Eberstadt said .
Similarly , looking at five - year survival rates for cancer patients of any ethnicity , the U.S. generally beats European countries , he said .
" It makes one appreciate that you have to tread a little bit more carefully in accepting some of the broad generalizations about the health care system , " he said .
Take a quiz on healthy aging »
Frank Lichtenberg , professor of business at Columbia University , said it 's impossible to determine at this point what effect a single - payer system would have on life expectancy in the United States .
But medical innovation in general does benefit the rate at which life expectancy increases , he said .
His research has found U.S. states that adopt new drugs more rapidly , use more advanced imaging procedures , and have graduates from top medical schools , tend to have higher rates of life expectancy growth .
" The growth in life expectancy is primarily attributable to the quality of medical care , " he said .
WORLD LIFE EXPECTANCY
Highest 10 ( average life span ) Japan 83
Australia 82
Iceland 82
Italy 82
San Marino 82
Switzerland 82
Andorra 81
Canada 81
France 81
Israel 81
Lowest 10 ( average life span )
Sierra Leone 41
Afghanistan 42
Zimbabwe 45
Lesotho 45
Zambia 46
Chad 46
Uganda 48
Swaziland 48
Mozambique 48
Guinea - Bissau 48
Source : World Health Organization
Economic growth and life expectancy
Countries with high economic growth and per capita income levels -- how much individuals earn of the money generated in the country annually -- tend to do well in terms of life expectancy , with notable exceptions , experts say .
With economic growth comes the capacity to invest in basic things , such as nutrition , sanitation , housing , health care , as well as sophisticated developments such as the promotion of safety and health in workplaces , as well as control of food and drug contamination , Brenner said .
" Virtually all elements of human well - being depend on some form of economic capacity , some form of financing , " he said .
Economic growth is " the bedrock of life expectancy , " he said .
Economic growth does not necessarily determine a country 's life expectancy , but " there 's a broad international correspondence between health and wealth , " Eberstadt said .
The United States does not have as high a life expectancy as countries such as Greece , Spain and Portugal , which have lower per capita income than the United States , Brenner said .
Brenner theorizes that is because those countries did not go through industrialization in the way the United States did .
" Virtually every type of environmental contamination and occupational illness is in some way associated with industrialization , " he said .
There are still countries in the world with a life expectancy well under 70 , including much of Africa , some parts of Asia , and some parts of South America , Brenner said .
Other factors counteract the positive effects of economic growth on longevity -- namely , an increasing birth rate , the HIV epidemic , and lack of access to pure water and sanitation , he said .
Not everyone agrees that per capita income level , also known as per capita gross domestic product , is a central driver of life expectancy .
Frogner said GDP itself depends on the health of the population , so it 's unclear what causes what .
" A good economy can probably buy you good health care , but then good health care can also produce healthy workers , who then produce more goods , and grow the economy .
So , a little bit circular , " she said .
At the level of U.S. states , Lichtenberg said he has not observed a correlation between per capita income and life expectancy growth .
A more observable determinant of life expectancy is obesity , he said .
The increase in obesity between 1991 and 2004 may have reduced U.S. life expectancy by about six months during that period , he said .
" Americans would be living six months longer today than they currently are if obesity had not increased as much as it has since 1991 , " he said .
All About Aging and the Elderly
From Apache OpenOffice
Wiki
Have been dropped before Apache OpenOffice 3.4
All
In the About box ( Help -> About OpenOffice.org ) press Ctrl +
S , D , T one after another ( SDT stands for Star Division Team ) .
The list of contributors scrolls in the dialog .
Writer
StarWriter Team
Enter the word " StarWriterTeam " into a Writer document , then press F3 .
The names and picture of the StarWriter developer team appears .
GoOO Team
Enter the word " GoOOTeam " into a Writer document , then press F3 .
The names and picture of the GoOO developer team appears .
( Only in these versions : http://go-oo.org/download/)
Calc
The GAME ( ) function
Putting = GAME ( ) into any cell results the text " say what ? " in that cell .
Frogger
Putting = GAME ( " Froggie " ) into any cell results the text " Froggie " in that cell .
Putting = GAME ( " Froggie " ) into any other cell afterward results in the text " oh no , not again ! "
Tic - Tac-Toe
Put the = GAME ( A2:C4 ; " TicTacToe " ) formula into A1 and press ENTER .
A version of the Tic - Tac - Toe game is playable .
Space Invaders
Put = GAME ( " StarWars " ) into any cell and press ENTER .
A version of Space Invaders is playable .
Although if you try to play it again , the message " oh no , not again " appears .
To play again , you must fully close OpenOffice.org .
This easter egg has been removed since DEV300_m72 ( which will become OO.org 3.3 ) .
This function now behaves the same as Froggie above .
Life , Universe and Everything
Put =ANTWORT ( " Das Leben , das Universum und der ganze Rest " ) into any cell and press ENTER .
The result is the famous number 42 from the Hitchhiker 's Guide to the Galaxy .
StarCalc team
Put =STARCALCTEAM ( ) into any cell and press ENTER .
The names and picture of the StarCalc developer team appears .
Random smileys
Put = TTT ( ) into any cell and press ENTER .
A random smiley appears .
E.g. :-] ;-]
B-) 8-}
This story really sets my teeth on edge .
Whoops .
Sorry , I forgot to ask Mr. Game Developin ' Industry Founder Dude Tim Langdell ( left ) for permission to use that word .
You may recall EDGE , Mobigames ' outstanding and award - winning title for the iPhone and iPod Touch .
It has been removed from the U.S. and U.K. Apple Store because of a trademark claim made by Tim Langdell , who created value - bin studio EDGE Games about a hundred years ago and claims to have made 180 games , but is better known for bullying actual game makers who use the word " edge " in any form .
Edge Micro-Review : Elegance , Cubed Edge , for the iPhone and iPod Touch , may remind you of Marble Madness with its otherdimensional …
Read more
Advertisement
Says Mobigame 's David Papazian ( to Fingergaming ) : " If you already asked why Soul Edge ( the Namco game ) was called Soul Blade and later Soulcalibur in the US , you have your answer . "
Papazian says he is in " negotiations " with Langdell , who claims to own the worldwide trademark to all things EDGE .
Sure it may be a cheap shot to denigrate EDGE Games " best known " efforts - " Garfield : Big Fat Hairy Deal " and " Snoopy : The Case of the Missing Blanket . "
But when the company 's most recent game was in 1994 , its claim to be a games developer is fast losing credibility , if it 's not gone already .
Advertisement
It beggars the imagination that a judge would find brand confusion here , in the title of a mobile game produced in 2009 versus the name of a company that has n't done shit in 15 years except squat on a very common word .
You want to see brand confusion ?
You want trademark infringement ?
How about this , from EDGE Games ' web site itself :
Advertisement
If I had the email address of Electronic Arts ' legal division I 'd send them that .
Update :
The more I think about it , Langdell probably pulled this trademark claim nonsense with Electronic Arts , who laughed at him , and / or he put up that flash video to thumb his nose at them in hopes they would sue him , so he could get the claim in front of a judge that way , rather than as the plaintiff .
That 's probably also why the Edge logo rips off Edge Magazine .
This is all pure speculation on my part .
Another thing that some might find interesting :
He 's a GDC speaker !
Actually , he participated in roundtables , which usually involve groups of three , not a single speaker and are quite a different thing from lectures .
But at GDC he 's held forth on topics such as : " Who Controls a Game 's IP and Who Reaps the Financial Benefit ? "
Tim Langdell does !
Especially if it 's your game .
He also claims to have cofounded the Academy of Interactive Arts and Sciences .
At least that 's according to an edit his wife made to the AIAS ' Wikipedia entry about a year ago .
Citation , uh , needed .
Advertisement
He is , however , a member of the board of directors of the International Game Developers Association .
I wonder what the IGDA and the AIAS have to say about their association with someone who no longer , in fact , creates any games - except for ripping off the name of a well known release - and engages in such disgusting harassment of those who do .
Tim Langdell : The EDGE of Insanity ?
[ The Independent Gaming Source ]
Advertisements
On his Fox News show today , host Glenn Beck and guest Jonah Goldberg compared GM bankruptcy to the Nazi government ’s creation of Volkswagon .
Goldberg made the claim that GM ’s bankruptcy is all part of Obama ’s central plan .
The option he advocated was to allow the automakers to fail , which would have turned the recession into a depression , but Beck and company did n’t consider that .
Here is the video courtesy of Media Matters :
Advertisements
Beck asked Goldberg for any example in history when this kind of stuff has happened .
Goldberg answered , “ You know I am not calling Barack Obama Hitler , and I am not calling him Nazis and all the rest .
In fascism we saw the people ’s car .
We call it the Volkswagon , where the state said we are going to take over the auto industry , government and business and unions are going to get together and we are going to create cars to fill a political need rather than a market need , and we are going to give people these cars . ”
He continued , “ Now we have got Barack Obama saying that GM is going to make these affordable fuel efficient cars i.e. cars that Washington and the political and economic planners in Washington want made rather than the cars that the market and the consumer are demanding , and somehow that think that this is all going to work out . ”
Jonah Goldberg apparently knows nothing about consumer demand and the auto industry , or he has n’t went to a car dealership and taken a look around lately .
For him to claim that the government is mandating that GM make cars that the consumer does n’t want , he has to have no clue about what is really going on .
The cars people want to buy are the smaller more fuel efficient models a.k.a. what the new GM is going to produce .
Goldberg is also lying when he claims that this is central planning .
The Obama administration has stated repeated that the government will not be involved in production decisions .
The bailout is designed to keep GM and Chrysler alive so that the recession does n’t turn into something much worse .
Remember that Republicans were pushing for letting these companies fail .
Republicans are n’t interested in protecting jobs , or keeping the auto industry alive .
Instead of being practical , they wanted to do the ideologically pure thing , which would have completely collapsed the economy .
The Obama / Hitler comparison is just as ludicrous here as it is when it is used to describe Obama ’s actions on any other issue .
The GOP looks so foolish right now that if these moves work out for Obama , it will be years before Republicans win another election .
The Illuminati Papers
Neophobia / Neophilia Quiz •
Add the next term to the series :
1. walk
2. ride horseback
3. fly by jet
4. ______________ •
A certain job can be performed either by a human or a machine .
We should
1. employ the human because " the devil makes work for idle hands . "
2. employ the human because otherwise he or she might be bored
3. employ the human because there is no way to organize society except by having most people work for wages
4. employ the machine because technology has no function other than to free people from toil .
•
Add the next term to the series :
1. hunt and gather
2. farm
3. industry - commerce
4. ___________________ •
There is a magic machine with two buttons , each of which will create equality among humans .
You will push
1. the button that makes everybody equally poor
2. the button that makes everybody equally rich • Working for wages
1. has always existed and always will exist
2. is ordained by God
3. did not appear on large scale until the Enclosure Acts drove the serfs off the land in the past 300 years
4. will become obsolete in the next 100 years
5. will become obsolete in the next 10 years •
The best way to search for Higher Intelligence is to
1. find the right religion
2. support Carl Sagan 's Project Cyclops , which is searching for radio signals from advanced civilizations in the galaxy ;
3. investigate UFO's
4. research our own nervous system
5. build a starship and go looking .
•
Add the next term to the series :
1. Black Pride
2. Women's Lib
3. Gay Pride
4. _______________
It only takes 20 years for a liberal to become a conservative without changing a single idea .
In an evolving universe , who stands still moves backwards .
Conspiracy Digest interview CD :
How seriously are we to take your fascinating and entertaining trilogy , Illuminatus ! , which you wrote in collaboration with Robert J. Shea ?
Wilson : I would hate to be taken seriously .
Serious people are always so grim and uptight that they make me want to dance naked on the lawn playing a flute .
Of course , as Mavis says in the first volume of the trilogy , nothing is true unless it makes you laugh , but you do n't really understand it until it makes you cry .
The basic situation of humanity is both tragic and comic , since we are all domesticated apes with marvelous 30 - billion - cell brains , which we seldom use efficiently because of domination by the older mammalian parts of the back brain .
I mean , we 're living on the Planet of the Apes , man .
Is that funny or serious ?
It depends on how broad your sense of humor is , I guess .
CD : Specifically , are we really to believe that competing secret societies initiate and guide the various intellectual , religious , artistic , and mind - warping trends of the world ?
Or was the secret - society scenario just a parody of right - wing theories , a way of dramatizing authoritarian vs. libertarian trends , or simply your own brainwashing technique ?
Wilson :
To quote Lichtenberg , " This book is a mirror .
When a monkey looks in , no philosopher looks out . "
Illuminatus ! , like Linda Lovelace , is all things to all men .
It 's the first novel deliberately written from the viewpoint of the multi- model agnosticism of modern quantum physics .
The novelist sitting on a pedestal watching the world with the allegedly Objective Eye of God is as obsolete as the tinhorn preacher bawling , " Come to my church , I 've got the true true religion . "
The only philosophy one can honestly embrace at this stage of evolution is agnosticism , or ontological pluralism .
The mosaic of competing conspiracies in Illuminatus ! is a parody of popular demonology on both Right and Left .
It 's also a serious proposal for a more Einsteinian , relativistic model than the monistic Newtonian theories most conspiracy buffs favor .
One of the readers who really seems to have understood Illuminatus ! is Dr. Timothy Leary , who told me last year that his experiences with the DEA , FBI , CIA , PLO , Weather Underground , Mansonoids , Aryan Brotherhood , Al Fattah , etc. , were precisely like the most absurd parts of Illuminatus !.
Tim says you meet the same 24 conspiracies wherever you go .
Specifically , he mentioned that he identified the same 24 paleolithic gangs fighting over the turf in Folsom Prison that he had recognized at Harvard University .
The ones at Harvard speak better English , of course ....
I see the power game resting on three levels of force and fraud .
First , earliest and still most powerful is the government racket itself , the monopoly on force ( military power , police power , etc. ) which allows the governing group to take tribute ( taxation ) from the enslaved or deluded masses .
Second , derivative from this primordial conquest , is the landlord racket , the mammalian monopoly on territory which allow 's the king 's relations ( lords - of - the - land ) or their successors , today 's " land - lords , " to take tribute ( rent ) from those who live within the territory .
Rent is the daughter of taxation ; the second degree of the same racket .
Third , the latest in historical time , is the usury racket , the monopoly on the issue of currency which allows the money lords to take tribute ( interest ) on the creation of money or credit , and on the continuous circulation of the money or credit every step of the way .
Interest is the son of rent , the rent of money .
Since most people engaged in nefarious practices are , in my opinion , very loathe to acknowledge what they are doing , and are addicted to the same hypocrisies as the rest of humanity , I think all power groups quite sincerely believe that what they are doing is proper , and that anybody who attacks them is a revolutionary nut .
Outside of the Klingons on Star Trek , I have never encountered a real predator who justifies himself on Stirnerite or Machiavellian grounds .
I really think Saroyan was right , naive as it sounds , in saying that " every man is a good man in his own eyes . "
( Preceding was written in 1976 ; following was written in 1979 ) The difference between Conspiracy Digest and myself is that CD defines the Power Elite as somebody else .
I always define the Power Elite as myself and my friends .
CD and I are in basic agreement that certain kinds of power are vested in ( a ) those who monopolize weaponry , i.e. governments , ( b ) those who monopolize land , i.e. landlords , and ( c ) those who monopolize currency , i.e. banks of issue .
We disagree in that CD regards these traditional monopolies as possessing the only kinds of power that matters on this planet ; and I recognize another kind of power , Brain Power .
Brain power ( the work of all artists , scientists , and symbolizers since the dawn of humanity , but particularly those of the Nineteenth Century ) created the " real world " over which monopolists fight each other in the Twentieth Century .
Similiarly , Brain power right now , today , is creating the " real world " of the Twenty - First Century , over which the monopolies will then be struggling .
The Brain people create the realities over which the Power people fight each other , and the Brain people even create the techniques of the fight ...
Less than thirty years ago it was believed by many intellectuals
that the United States was a matriarchy .
The intellectuals who believed this were all males ,
but I do n't know any other explanation for them .
Paleopuritanism and Neopuritanism ... As psychologist Theodore Schroeder pointed out , " obscenity " is the modern form of " black magic . "
Both concepts are operationally meaningless ; there is no instrument which , pointed at a book or painting , will tell how much " black magic " or " obscenity " is in it .
These things are in the nervous system of the observer .
Attributing them to books , art , ideas , etc. , in the external world , and seeking to punish the perpetrators , is the same kind of hallucination that produced the witch - hunts in which nine million innocents were killed .
Clarification of this issue explains what the Buddhists mean by " maya . "
One could lead a group of both old Puritans and new Puritans through a gallery featuring photographs of flowers without any problem arising , even though flowers are the genitals of plants , as everyone who passed Botany 101 knows .
However , try to navigate that group through an exhibit of photos of animal genitalia and almost anything could happen , when the emotional imprints are activated .
The external stimuli ( natural sexuality ) are the same , but the imprints are different .
Contemplation of this parable should clarify what Buddha meant in saying that most people see only their own " maya " and never experience objective fact at all .
Of course , if the exhibit featured human genitalia ... a great deal of angry speech about " smut " from the first group and " sexism " from the second would be heard .
All of this speech would confuse the internal glandular - emotional emergency imprint with the objective external stimuli , and there would be a desire to punish the photographer .
The brain is the greatest sex organ of all .
Reuters
WAITING for the perfect wave , surf - riders at Newcastle seem oblivious to the cargo ships just beyond .
A dozen are queuing to load coal from the Hunter Valley , one of Australia 's biggest coal - mining regions .
The black stuff pouring through Newcastle 's port is one of Australia 's economic linchpins , making it the world 's biggest coal - exporter .
As Kevin Rudd , the prime minister , tries to push through legislation to deal with global warming , coal is also one of his headaches .
Opposition to Mr Rudd 's plans is now so entrenched in parliament that he is contemplating calling an early election .
Australia 's first coal was mined at Newcastle in 1797 , less than a decade after Europeans began to settle .
Australians ever since have enjoyed cheap power from this dirty source of carbon - dioxide , the main culprit of global warming .
Coal generates about 83 % of the country 's electricity , and even more in New South Wales , the most populous state .
Mr Rudd wants parliament this month to approve a scheme that would change the way Australians use energy , helping to give the country credibility at the global climate conference in Copenhagen in December .
He has saddled Greg Combet , a minister and former union leader , with the task of talking the coal industry into accepting it .
The industry complains the scheme 's costs will mean countries such as Indonesia will be able to undercut Australia in global coal markets .
Mr Combet argues , nonetheless , that Australia 's role as one of the world 's biggest emitters , thanks largely to its coal - dependence , imposes a responsibility to help persuade developing countries to change their ways , too , and that Australia has to “ get stuck into this ” .
Not everyone agrees .
Mr Rudd led the Labor Party to power in 2007 promising action against climate - change , after the former conservative coalition had largely ignored the issue .
He wants a cap - and - trade system , allowing polluters to buy permits to produce carbon dioxide and sell these to others if they cut their own emissions instead .
Bowing to cries from business for more time to get ready , Mr Rudd changed the scheme last month .
It will now start from mid-2011 , a year later than planned .
It aims to cut emissions by at least 5 % of 2000 levels by 2020 , and possibly 25 % , depending on global action .
A swag of free permits initially will go to big polluting industries , such as concrete , steel and aluminium , but not coal .
A separate A$ 750 m ( $ 600 m ) handout will help coal adapt , including by capturing methane ( a more potent polluter than carbon dioxide ) released from coal mines .
By 2020 the government wants solar , wind and other renewable sources to generate one - fifth of Australia 's power .
The Minerals Council of Australia , an industry lobby , argues that the cost of complying with the emissions scheme means about 24,000 mining industry jobs would disappear by then .
It wants auctions for the permits to be introduced in phases , and not started in full , as is now planned , in 2012 .
Mr Combet firmly rejects a delay .
Mr Rudd 's bigger worries lie in parliament .
The House of Representatives , the lower house , passed the emissions - trading bill on June 4th .
But the Senate , the upper house , where the government lacks a majority , could kill it .
Malcolm Turnbull , leader of the main opposition Liberal Party , supports such a scheme .
But he wants it delayed to buy him time to placate the powerful global - warming sceptics in his own party .
Barnaby Joyce , of the junior opposition National Party , is less ambivalent .
He calls Mr Rudd 's plans an “ employment - termination scheme ” .
By contrast , Christine Milne , of the Greens , accuses Mr Rudd of “ browning the scheme down ” to try to win business and opposition support .
She and her four Senate colleagues want the 25 % cut in emissions as a minimum target , not a maximum one .
Experts have linked recent devastating bushfires in Victoria and floods in Queensland to changing climate patterns .
This has affected public opinion .
A poll last month for the Climate Institute , a Sydney research body , found that 77 % of people worried about climate change ; roughly the same share thought the Liberal Party should back the legislation .
Mr Rudd is not due to face an election until late 2010 .
If the Senate overturns his bill later this month , he can reintroduce it after three months , then call an early election if it suffers the same fate again .
That would be a big gamble .
But having made an attack on global warming a central feature of his first term , it is one he may be willing to risk .
" There is no true orator who is not a hero . " - Ralph Waldo Emerson
By Zoe Conway
BBC News , Washington
Seven of the last eight fatal commercial plane crashes in the US involved regional airlines .
Small regional airlines now operate half of all flights in America
The most recent accident , in which a Continental Connection plane crashed into a house near Buffalo , New York , left 50 people dead .
Investigators have not yet said what caused the crash , but central to their inquiry have been questions about the crew 's experience , training and working conditions .
And safety experts are asking the very same questions about the regional airline industry as a whole .
Second jobs Alex Lapointe loves flying , which is fortunate , because he can not be doing it for the money .
Just 24 years old , First Officer Lapointe has been a regional airline pilot for the last three years .
Like many regional carriers - which typically operate planes carrying fewer than 100 passengers - the company he works for pays a starting salary of around $ 20,000 ( £ 13,256 ) .
Some of his young pilot friends are saddled with more than $ 100,000 in student loans and he says many of them have taken second jobs .
" A lot of people I know have trade jobs or construction work they do electrical work .
Some still work at the airport they grew up with pumping gas or working the line - anything they can to make an extra few dollars , " he says .
There 's no good way to teach good judgement - only experience really can develop that
Patrick Smith
Pilot and columnist
He thinks that the new recruits are tiring themselves out and it is having an impact on safety .
" They do n't have enough time to enjoy their days off and they 're constantly working - they 're doing the grind 24 / 7 .
When it 's the fourth leg on a heavy flying day and the first officer 's flying and the captain 's working the radios and there 's a hundred things going on , you 're going to want both people in the cockpit well rested , " says First Officer Lapointe .
Fatigue has long been of concern to the National Transportation Safety Board ( NTSB ) , the federal agency responsible for investigating plane crashes in America .
In a number of recent regional accident reports , they concluded that pilot fatigue was partly to blame :
When a Corporate Airlines flight crashed in Kirksville , Missouri , in 2004 , the NTSB said that fatigue contributed to the pilots ' " degraded performance "
It found that the captain of a Delta Connection plane which overran the runway in Cleveland , Ohio , in 2007 , had slept for only one of the previous 32 hours
When later that same year a Canadair jet overran the runway in Traverse City , Michigan , the NTSB ruled that fatigue was the likely cause of " poor decision - making "
Now the NTSB is investigating another regional accident where fatigue could have been a factor .
Continental Connection Flight 3407 crashed near Buffalo , New York in February this year .
All of the 49 passengers and crew on board died , as well as one person on the ground .
Pilot hours
In the immediate aftermath of the crash , speculation focused on the idea that an ice build - up on the wings had affected the plane 's performance .
Fifty died when a Continental Connection plane crashed near Buffalo
While ice has not been ruled out as a factor , the NTSB - which is holding a public hearing into the crash this week - has announced that the " circumstances of the crash have raised several issues that go well beyond the widely discussed matter of airframe icing " .
They are looking at the experience and training of the crew , whether standard procedures were being followed and the issue of fatigue management .
Roger Cohen of the Regional Airline Association ( the regional airlines ' trade association ) acknowledges that pilot fatigue is an issue but he insists it is an industry - wide problem that is not unique to the regional sector , and points to strict rules limiting pilot hours in the cockpit .
" They should n't be tired and that 's the responsibility of anybody and the rules prevent you from being tired .
Let me ask anybody else - should they come to their job tired ?
No they should n't , no - one should . "
Regional airlines now operate half of all flights in America .
Their dramatic growth is in part due to the economy - as fewer passengers fly , smaller planes have become more economical .
But industry insiders have told the BBC that the regional airlines - in their rush to recruit extra staff - have hired pilots with drastically fewer flying hours .
Patrick Smith is a pilot for a major carrier and writes a weekly aviation column for Salon.com .
When he started out 20 years ago , he needed at least 1,500 flying hours to get a job at a regional airline .
Now , he says , it is common for pilots to be hired with 200-300 hours , which , he says , though legal is " astonishingly low " .
And he explained that being a good pilot is about more than training .
" There 's no good way to teach good judgement - only experience really can develop that , " he says .
Safety programme
But federal officials are not just worried about low pay and inexperience .
Safety is not a luxury .
I think that if it 's good for the major carriers it needs to be good for the regional carriers
Robert Sumwalt
NTSB board member Robert Sumwalt , a member of the board of the NTSB , is concerned that regional carriers do not have robust enough systems in place to monitor the performance of their pilots :
" When you look at the safety programmes that some of the regional carriers have , compared to what most of the major carriers have , there is a difference . "
For more than a decade , safety experts have been advocating that all the airlines implement a program called Flight Operational Quality Assurance ( FOQA ) .
Using FOQA , airline companies can check up on how everyone involved in a flight is doing and - if mistakes are occurring - develop a training system to correct them .
Following an NTSB guideline issued two years ago , almost all of the major airlines adopted the programme .
But to Robert Sumwalt 's dismay , only three of America 's 50 regional carriers have it in place .
" Safety is not a luxury , " he says .
" I think that if it 's good for the major carriers it needs to be good for the regional carriers and I think that the travelling public is entitled to that and furthermore they deserve it . "
But Roger Cohen points out that it is a complex programme to implement and the Regional Airline Association is trying hard to put it in place : " We 've got carriers that are doing it - more are doing it every day .
If we were to do this interview next week , we 'd probably have more .
If we do it in a month , we 'd have even more ...
We are following all the rules . "
Patrick Smith says following the rules is not enough .
Through his online column , he regularly hears from regional pilots suffering from low morale : " I see red flags .
I see very low - time pilots in hi-tech airplanes in miserable or at least unsavoury working conditions .
And something needs to be done about that before there is a legacy of crashes . "
At this week 's NTSB Buffalo crash hearing , the issues of pilot experience , fatigue and working conditions are expected to come to the fore .
The question is : will discussion of these issues prompt change ?
A TV version of this report was broadcast on BBC World News America on Friday 8 May .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
-- Holder 's reviews have focused largely on Alaska corruption cases involving former U.S. Senator Ted Stevens and state legislators Victor Kohring and Peter Kott .
In each case , federal prosecutors failed to disclose evidence to the defense .
And William M. Welch , chief of the U.S. Public Integrity Section , was involved in each case .
Alabama attorney and GOP whistleblower Jill Simpson says Welch also was involved in the Siegelman case .
And as happened in Alaska , Welch apparently withheld key information from the defense .
Simpson says Welch came to Alabama when defense attorneys in the Siegelman case moved for the recusal of U.S. District Judge Mark Fuller .
Welch 's role , Simpson says , was to defend Fuller - - and he succeeded in keeping the judge on the case .
But Simpson says Welch should have been aware of an affidavit from Missouri attorney Paul Weeks , charging Fuller with misconduct , perhaps of a criminal nature .
A copy of the affidavit was hand delivered to the Public Integrity Section , and Simpson says Welch had a duty to disclose the contents of the affidavit to the Siegelman defense team .
Simpson says there is no indication that the affidavit ever was disclosed .
-- Former Siegelman aide Nick Bailey was the key prosecution witness , testifying essentially that Siegelman and former HealthSouth CEO Richard Scrushy had struck a deal where Scrushy would be appointed to a hospital - regulatory board in exchange for his contribution to an education - lottery campaign .
But 60 Minutes reported that prosecutors interviewed Baily some 70 times in order to get his testimony straight -- and even had him write down key portions of his statement .
Bailey 's notes should have been turned over to the defense , but they were not .
Scott Horton , of Harper 's magazine , reported that Bailey even mentioned the notes during the trial :
In fact , Bailey brought the proceedings to a stop by referring openly to the written notes he prepared at the prosecutor ’s behest .
The defense demanded to see them , and in a chambers hearing , Judge Fuller directed the prosecutors to turn them over .
The prosecutors denied their existence .
Bailey stated that he was required to prepare the notes on paper supplied by the prosecutors , and they were placed in a binder that the prosecutors or an FBI agent working with them retained .
* The mysterious check exchange -- Nick Bailey testified that he saw a check change hands at a meeting involving Siegelman and Scrushy .
But there was a slight problem with Bailey 's story :
The check was cut days after the meeting .
It could not have changed hands the way Bailey testified .
Scott Horton sums up this episode succinctly :
Bailey testifies that he saw a check change hands at a meeting at which Scrushy ’s appointment to the oversight board was decided .
This is the evidence that landed Siegelman in prison .
And it was false .
And the prosecutors knew that it was false .
-- Another key witness for the prosecution was former lobbyist and landfill operator Lanny Young .
According to a report in Time magazine , Young provided some damaging information about Siegelman .
But Young also told prosecutors that he had paid tens of thousands of dollars in apparently illegal campaign contributions to prominent Alabama Republicans Jeff Sessions and William Pryor .
That information should have been turned over to the Siegelman defense team .
It was not .
*-- According to Justice Department whistleblower Tamarah T. Grimes , U.S. Attorney Leura Canary remained involved in the Siegelman case long after she had supposedly recused herself .
Grimes supported her story with e-mails showing that Canary was involved in the case well after her " recusal . "
*-- Grimes also provided e-mails that revealed previously undisclosed contact between jurors and the prosecution .
As we reported here at Legal Schnauzer :
Grimes also provided e-mails that show previously undisclosed contacts between prosecutors and the Siegelman jury .
A key prosecution e-mail describes how jurors repeatedly contacted the government 's legal team during the trial to express , among other things , one juror 's romantic interest in a member of the prosecution team .
" The jurors kept sending out messages " via U.S. marshals , the e-mail says , identifying a particular juror as " very interested " in a person who had sat at the prosecution table in court .
The same juror was later described reaching out to members of the prosecution team for personal advice about her career and educational plans .
And that was not the only hanky panky between jurors and the prosecution : Further undisclosed evidence of prosecution team members speaking with jurors following the verdict emerges in Grimes ' written statement to the DoJ .
In it , she says a member of the team prosecuting Siegelman had spoken with a juror suspected of improper conduct — apparently at the time the judge was due to question the juror about that conduct .
Grimes quotes the lead prosecutor in the case as saying someone had " talked to her .
She is just scared and afraid she is going to get in trouble . "
The prosecutorial misconduct in the Siegelman case clearly dwarfs that in the Alaska cases .
So why has Eric Holder , so far , refused to look in the direction of Alabama ?
The phenomenon of using DNA from old fossils preserved in amber already inspired Hollywood - in the film Jurassic Park , scientists reproduce the DNA of dinosaurs extracted from a fossil mosquito and thereby resurrect them .
In reality , however , all previous studies in which researchers took DNA samples from insects enclosed in tree resin were useless under the scientific method .
Researchers now detected DNA from ambrosia beetles that were trapped in recent tree resin .
The Central Intelligence Agency typically fights distant enemies , but on May 21st its leaders were preoccupied with a local opponent .
A few miles from the agency ’s headquarters , which are in Langley , Virginia , former Vice - President Dick Cheney delivered an extraordinary attack on the Obama Administration ’s emerging national - security policies .
Cheney , speaking at the American Enterprise Institute , accused the new Administration of making “ the American people less safe ” by banning brutal C.I.A. interrogations of terrorism suspects that had been sanctioned by the Bush Administration .
Ruling out such interrogations “ is unwise in the extreme , ” Cheney charged .
“ It is recklessness cloaked in righteousness . ”
Panetta has no C.I.A. experience , but , an ex-officer says , it ’s not “ a bad thing to have a powerful guy with access to the President . ”
Illustration by Steve Brodner
Leon Panetta , the C.I.A. ’s new director — and the man who bears much of the responsibility for keeping the country safe — learned the details of Cheney ’s speech when he arrived in his office , on the seventh floor of the agency ’s headquarters .
An hour earlier , he had been standing at the side of President Barack Obama , who was giving a speech at the National Archives , in which he argued that America could “ fight terrorism while abiding by the rule of law . ”
In January , the Obama Administration banned the “ enhanced ” techniques that the Bush Administration had approved for the agency , including waterboarding and depriving prisoners of sleep for up to eleven days .
Panetta , pouring a cup of coffee , responded to Cheney ’s speech with surprising candor .
“ I think he smells some blood in the water on the national - security issue , ” he told me .
“ It ’s almost , a little bit , gallows politics .
When you read behind it , it ’s almost as if he ’s wishing that this country would be attacked again , in order to make his point .
I think that ’s dangerous politics . ”
Panetta was also absorbing criticism from the left .
The day before , a group of progressive human - rights advocates had been given an off - the - record briefing with Obama , where they discussed his plans for handling terrorism suspects ; some of the advocates were enraged at what they saw as a tacit continuation of the Bush approach .
According to a participant , Obama warned the group that such comparisons were “ not helpful . ”
Nevertheless , Kenneth Roth , the executive director of Human Rights Watch , who also attended the briefing , went on to denounce the Administration for considering “ preventive detention ” — incarcerating certain terror suspects indefinitely , without trial .
Obama ’s position , Roth said , “ mimics the Bush Administration ’s abusive approach . ”
Since January , the C.I.A. has become the focus of almost daily struggle , as Obama attempts to restore the rule of law in America ’s fight against terrorism without sacrificing safety or losing the support of conservative Democratic and independent voters .
So far , he has insisted on trying to recalibrate the agency ’s policies without investigating past mistakes or holding anyone responsible for them .
Caught in the middle is Panetta , who is seventy years old and has virtually no experience in the intelligence field .
Indeed , his credentials for running the world ’s foremost spy agency are so unlikely that when John Podesta , the head of Obama ’s transition team , asked him to take the job he responded , “ Are you sure ? ” Podesta assured Panetta that his outsider status was actually an advantage : “ He said , ‘ You do n’t carry the scars of the past eight years .
Besides , the President wants somebody who will talk straight to him on these issues . ’ ”
Although Panetta served briefly in the military , half a century ago , his reputation has been built almost entirely on his mastery of domestic policy .
For sixteen years , he was a Democratic congressman from his home town , Monterey , California .
In 1989 , he became the chairman of the House Budget Committee , making him a natural choice as President Bill Clinton ’s first budget director .
In 1994 , he became Clinton ’s chief of staff .
Panetta , the son of Italian immigrants , grew up washing dishes in his parents ’ restaurant .
He is disarmingly forthright , with an easy laugh ; he is also a stern disciplinarian and a workaholic .
Colleagues say that Panetta , who attends
Mass regularly , can be principled to the point of rigidity .
It was partly Panetta ’s rectitude that got him the C.I.A. job .
During the Bush years , he decried the country ’s loss of moral authority ; in a blunt essay for Washington Monthly last year , he declared that Americans had been transformed “ from champions of human dignity and individual rights into a nation of armchair torturers . ”
He concluded , “ We either believe in the dignity of the individual , the rule of law , and the prohibition of cruel and unusual punishment , or we do n’t .
There is no middle ground . ”
Panetta ’s impassioned essay unexpectedly became an asset during the Obama transition , after John Brennan — the initial candidate for C.I.A.director — was pressured to withdraw .
Critics accused Brennan , who had been a top agency official during the Bush years , of complicity with the torture program .
( A friend of Brennan ’s from his C.I.A. days complained to me , “ After a few Cheeto - eating people in the basement working in their underwear who write blogs voiced objections to Brennan , the Obama Administration pulled his name at the first sign of smoke , and then ruled out a whole class of people : anyone who had been at the agency during the past ten years could n’t pass the blogger test . ” )
Panetta had one other strong qualification : he was close to Rahm Emanuel , the new chief of staff .
During the Clinton Administration , Emanuel , serving as the White House political director , was suspected by former First Lady Hillary Clinton and others of leaking information , and was very nearly fired .
Emanuel entered what he calls his “ wilderness period . ”
When Panetta became chief of staff , however , he reinstated Emanuel as a top aide .
“ I thought he had a lot of street smarts and good political sense , ” Panetta told me .
In 1994 , Panetta discovered , to his dismay , that the President had quietly turned to Dick Morris , a political consultant with a dubious ethical reputation .
Harold Ickes , a former White House aide , recalls Panetta walking the halls late one night and saying that he needed a shower after attending a meeting with Morris .
Later , a tabloid newspaper reported that Morris had been meeting with a prostitute in a nearby Washington hotel .
In 1997 , Panetta left the White House , by mutual agreement ; he and his wife , Sylvia , founded the nonpartisan Panetta Institute for Public Policy , in Northern California .
In January , 1998 , it was revealed that Clinton had conducted an extramarital affair with Monica Lewinsky — Panetta ’s former intern .
An associate described Panetta then as “ very disappointed in Bill Clinton , because of Monica Lewinsky .
He saw him as a man with no personal discipline . ”
Eleven years later , Barack Obama called Panetta for advice on who might make a good chief of staff .
Panetta recommended Emanuel , telling him that “ Rahm knows the Hill , he certainly knows the White House , and he ’s got the tough side ” necessary for the job .
In January , Emanuel recommended Panetta for the C.I.A. post .
Emanuel said of Panetta , “ Leon has great judgment , a great compass .
He ’s a great manager , and he ’s trusted by both parties . ”
( Panetta was a Republican until 1971 . )
Some former C.I.A. officers , such as Tyler Drumheller , who retired in 2005 as the head of clandestine operations in Europe , welcome the choice .
“ It ’s not such a bad thing to have a powerful guy with access to the President , ” he told me .
Panetta , he predicted , “ will restore the integrity of the intelligence process .
After what we ’ve been through on Iraq and torture allegations , that ’s a big deal . ”
Michael Waldman , who was President Clinton ’s chief speechwriter , and who now runs the Brennan Center for Justice , at the New York University School of Law , describes Panetta as “ one of the more honorable , decent , and principled people in government , ” but considers it “ amazing that he was such an outspoken critic ” of the agency .
Given Panetta ’s reputation for integrity , and the C.I.A. ’s central role in the interrogations scandal , Waldman wondered , “ can he ride the tiger without being eaten ? ”
He added , “ An agency like that can turn on a director .
That ’s the challenge : he ’s got to both lead it and reform it . ”
The record of outsiders taking over the C.I.A. is mixed .
John McCone , a California shipping magnate who ran the agency in the Kennedy and Johnson years , is often cited as being among the most successful directors ; having been trained as a mechanical engineer , he was skilled at assessing threats posed by both conventional and nuclear weapons .
But other outsiders have been met with intense hostility .
James Schlesinger was named C.I.A. director by President Richard Nixon after heading the Atomic Energy Commission .
Given instructions to “ get rid of the clowns , ” Schlesinger dismissed or forced into retirement more than five hundred analysts and a thousand clandestine officers .
He faced death threats , and his tenure lasted six months .
In 1995 , President Clinton appointed John Deutch , who had previously served at the Pentagon .
Deutch tried to improve the oversight of clandestine operatives after evidence surfaced that an agent in Guatemala had covered up two murders .
Deutch was reviled by many operatives , and he left the agency after eighteen months .
Eventually , he was accused of mishandling classified documents and stripped of his security clearance .
“ You pick on the C.I.A. at your own peril , ” Michael Waldman says .
Nevertheless , many critics believe that the agency must reckon with the legacy of the Bush era .
In the past few years , irrefutable evidence has emerged that after 9/11 the agency lost its moral bearings .
A confidential Red Cross report has come into public view , along with formerly classified government documents , leaving no doubt that the agency subjected scores of terror suspects to prolonged physical and psychological cruelty .
Officers shackled prisoners for weeks in contorted positions ; chained them to the ceiling wearing only diapers ; exploited their phobias ; propelled them head first into walls .
At least three prisoners died .
Torture is a felony , and is sometimes treated as a capital crime .
The Convention Against Torture , which America ratified in 1994 , requires a government to prosecute all acts of torture ; failure to do so is considered a breach of international law .
The issue of torture assumed symbolic importance during the 2008 campaign , and when Obama took office many of his liberal supporters expected him to hold the perpetrators of abuse accountable .
Democratic leaders in Congress pushed particularly hard for action .
Senator Carl Levin , the chairman of the Armed Services Committee , had investigated the military ’s role in detention and interrogation abuse but was kept by his committee ’s limited jurisdiction from investigating the C.I.A. ; he urged the new Attorney General , Eric Holder , to open an inquiry , saying , “ There needs to be an accounting of torture in this country . ”
Senator Patrick Leahy , the chairman of the Judiciary Committee , argued for the creation of an independent “ truth commission , ” which could grant immunity to witnesses — thus helping to insulate the Obama Administration from charges that it was exploiting the torture issue for partisan gain .
The C.I.A. ’s role in providing misleading intelligence about the presence of weapons of mass destruction in Iraq has also provoked calls for reform .
Senator Dianne Feinstein , the new chairman of the Intelligence Committee , told me , “ There ’s no vote that I regret more than the vote to authorize war with Iraq ” ; her vote was based on intelligence that she describes as “ flat wrong . ”
Feinstein went on , “ I am absolutely determined to reform the process of gathering and analyzing intelligence . ”
“ For God ’s sake , have some populist rage . ”
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Shopping
As soon as Obama took office , he overturned most aspects of the Bush Administration ’s interrogation policy .
He issued an executive order banning inhumane treatment of prisoners by any government officials , and one closing the C.I.A. ’s network of secret “ black site ” prisons , which stretched from Poland to Thailand .
He also vowed to close the military prison in Guantánamo Bay , Cuba , where fourteen former C.I.A. prisoners are being held .
But Obama ’s message has been uncharacteristically muddled on the question of accountability .
He has said that Attorney General Holder should be the one to decide whether to take criminal action ; he has also said that he would support further congressional investigation , as long as it was done in a bipartisan fashion .
At the same time , he has signalled that he has no appetite for “ looking backwards , ” and in late April , during a private White House meeting with congressional leaders , he rejected the idea of an outside truth commission .
In the meantime , Republicans have seized the political initiative , expressing grave concern about the plans to close Guantánamo and transfer the prisoners to U.S. facilities .
Tim Weiner , the author of “ Legacy of Ashes , ” a recent history of the C.I.A. , says that Panetta is facing a series of “ unappetizing choices . ”
Weiner believes that the country is in a period similar to the Watergate era , when a series of disturbing state secrets — such as the existence of the Phoenix Program , a C.I.A. - supported initiative , in which the South Vietnamese were alleged to have tortured civilians — spilled out .
Speaking of Panetta , he said , “ It ca n’t be comfortable for a man who said , ‘ This is un-American , ’ to be put in the position of saying , ‘ Well , we hold no one accountable . ’ ”
Panetta , whose conversation with me at C.I.A. headquarters was his first lengthy interview on the topic of abusive interrogations , said that when he took over the agency he “ wanted to be damn sure ” that there was nobody on the payroll who should be prosecuted for torture or related crimes .
He asked John Helgerson , then the C.I.A. ’s inspector general , to conduct a review .
In theory , the inspector general is politically independent , and therefore able to render unbiased judgments .
In 2004 , Helgerson had written a classified report on the C.I.A. ’s secret detention - and - interrogation program , in which he questioned both the legality and the effectiveness of the agency ’s brutally coercive techniques .
Panetta cited Helgerson ’s “ credibility ” as a reason to trust his assessment .
According to Panetta , Helgerson , who is not a lawyer , assured him that no officer still at the agency had engaged in actions that went beyond the legal boundaries as they were understood during the Bush years .
Helgerson , who retired from the agency in May , says he told Panetta only that he was not aware of any cases that merited prosecution , though “ continuing work was being done . ”
Panetta told me , “ I ’m going to give people the benefit of the doubt .
. . .
If they do the job that they ’re paid to do , I ca n’t ask for a hell of a lot more . ”
His words echo those of President Obama , who on April 16th promised immunity from prosecution to any C.I.A. officer who relied on the advice of legal counsel during the Bush years .
Jeffrey H. Smith , a former general counsel to the C.I.A. , points out that this is a low standard , given that “ what the Justice Department approved was outrageous . ”
For example , for more than a century the U.S. had prosecuted waterboarding as a serious crime , and a ten - year prison sentence was issued as recently as 1983 .
Indeed , the memos authorizing interrogators to torment prisoners clashed so glaringly with international and U.S. law that some of them were later withdrawn by lawyers in Bush ’s own Justice Department .
Smith , who has advised Obama informally on how to handle the C.I.A. ’s legacy of abuse , thinks that prosecutions are not politically viable at this point , and would in any case be unfair to officers who thought they were adhering to the law .
And many Republicans , from Newt Gingrich to John McCain , have argued that pressing charges against government officials would threaten morale and inhibit risk - taking at a time when the agency faces wars on two fronts and a continuing threat from Al Qaeda .
The Harvard law professor Laurence Tribe disagrees .
“ It ’s hard not to do something to those who performed the act , ” he says .
“ It ’s not beyond the pale to imagine that even people armed with legal opinions might be held legally responsible for violating the criminal law in the area of torture . ”
Panetta told me , “ Frankly , I did n’t support these methods that were used , or the legal justification for why they did it .
. . .
I also believed if I were to take this job it was about dealing with the threats that are out there , and trying to really bring the C.I.A. into a new chapter . ”
He said that once he felt confident that there was no criminal liability inside the agency he “ did n’t want to spend a lot of time dealing with the past and what mistakes were made . ”
Twitter users have not been impressed with the strategy Furniture store Habitat has apologised for causing offence after accusations it exploited unrest in Iran to drive online Twitter users to its products .
Keywords - called hashtags - such as ' Iran ' and ' Mousavi ' were added to its messages so people searching for those subjects would see the firm 's adverts .
Users of the networking site reacted angrily and the posts were removed .
The retailer has said the use of the hashtags was " not authorised " , but declined to say who was responsible .
Contributors to Twitter posted messages claiming Habitat should be " ashamed " and saying it was " piggy - backing " on the political situation in Iran .
One of the controversial messages - called tweets - which appeared before being removed by Habitat , read : HabitatUK : #MOUSAVI
Join the database for free to win a £ 1,000 gift card .
This was absolutely not authorised by Habitat - we were shocked when we discovered what happened
Habitat statement
In a statement Habitat said it had " never sought to abuse Twitter " .
One online communication expert told the BBC it was hard to imagine how such a " serious misjudgement " could have happened .
Twitter is a social networking tool that has been used widely by people inside and outside Iran to share information and eyewitness accounts , link to news reports and co-ordinate protests disputing the recent election result .
Users following conversations about what was happening in Iran searched for key words and in some cases were directed to adverts for Habitat .
Habitat added : " We would like to make a very sincere apology to any users who were offended by last week 's activity on Twitter .
" The top 10 trending topics were pasted into hashtags without checking with us and apparently without verifying what all of the tags referred to .
" This was absolutely not authorised by Habitat .
We were shocked when we discovered what happened and are very sorry for the offence that has been caused . "
The business said it was " totally against " its communications strategy , that it had removed the content and would ensure it did not happen again .
They have used a political and human situation that many people are concerned about , to market their products and services and that is not right
Alex Burmaster , Nielsen Online
When asked whether an outside firm had been responsible for the strategy their spokesman declined to give details .
Alex Burmaster , communications director at research firm Nielsen Online , said while some companies had succeeded in the art of advertising within social networking sites , Habitat had got it wrong .
" What they have done is extraordinary , that they would even risk something like that .
" This could not have led to anything other than a consumer backlash .
" The bottom line is that it was a serious misjudgement .
They have used a political and human situation that many people are concerned about , to market their products and services and that is not right . "
He added that marketers had to be particularly careful about the way they used social media - more so than they would be in any other form of media - because consumers were more " in control " .
" Advertising in social media can be like gatecrashing a party .
People who use social media are much less tolerant to have their conversations interrupted by advertisers .
" The art is in being able to tap into those conversations without alienating people . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
We 've been talking a lot about decals recently , showing off our editor and explaining how the shading works .
However , we have n't explained how the decals are actually projected geometrically onto complicated objects .
We 've been getting some questions about that , and I remember how hard it was to find information about decals when I was getting started , so here 's an overview of the decal projection algorithm I created for Overgrowth .
Let 's start with this scene here .
It 's a bit too clean for me ...
I want to add a decal to give it some subtle weathering .
To place a decal , I need to first set up the projector .
The projector is just a 3D rectangular prism with three properties : size , position , and orientation .
Of these , the orientation can be the most confusing .
For decal projectors , I represent the orientation as an orthogonal basis , which is a set of three vectors that are all perpendicular to each other .
For example as the XYZ axes form an orthogonal basis , as do ' forward ' , ' up ' , and ' right ' .
This gives us a complete orientation in 3D space , and is easier to think about than matrices and quaternions .
The secret to projecting decals is to not think about creating a mesh that conforms to the model .
Instead , think of it as starting with the model , and cutting away everything that is not in the projector box .
I found that thinking of the problem like this made it easier to figure out what to do .
Let 's start by checking which triangles in the scene intersect with the decal projector .
I first implemented this in a brute force fashion , and once that was working , changed it to work hierarchically using octrees [ to bring the runtime from O ( n ) to O ( logn ) ] .
Next is the hardest part : we have to crop the triangles so that they do n't extend out from the projector .
Why is this important ?
Think about firing a thousand machine gun shots at a wall that is made of just two triangles .
If we do n't crop our bullet holes , we will have to draw the entire wall a thousand times !
Since the wall is so much bigger on the screen than the bullet holes , this will use up too much fillrate , and bring the framerate to a crawl .
However , with decal cropping , I can do this and maintain maximum framerate !
So now that you 're convinced that decal cropping is important , how do we actually do it ?
Cutting arbitrary 3D triangles to fit in an arbitrary 3D box is a daunting task .
To make it easier , I thought about it in 2D .
We can transform the triangles from world space to projector space , crop them , and transform them back .
This makes the problem much simpler .
In projector space , the projector box is just a square from ( 0,0 ) to ( 1,1 ) , like this :
A triangle in projector space might look like this :
So now all we have to do is crop the triangle to fit in the square .
This seems like a tricky task itself , but we can break it down even more .
First , we can start with one border at a time .
Let 's pick the left border .
To crop the triangle , we start by marking every vertex in violation of the rule -- in this case , the leftmost one .
Then we look at every line between a marked vertex and an unmarked vertex , and add a vertex at the point at which it crosses the border .
We can then simply remove the marked vertex ( or vertices ) , and move onto the next border .
Once we 've checked all the borders , we have a cropped triangle !
After doing this for every triangle , and projecting back into world space , we have a cropped decal mesh .
If we keep track of each vertex 's coordinates in projector space , those are also the projected texture coordinates !
That 's why I set up the projector space to be ( 0,0 ) to ( 1,1 ) -- that 's the range that OpenGL uses for texture coordinates .
Here 's what the decal looks like using those texture coordinates on a test texture .
Now we can just substitute in our real decal texture , and we 're done !
Here 's the original camera angle with the finished decal applied .
It 's a pretty subtle effect , but I think the extra detail helps make the damaged area look more realistic -- nothing would be able to take a huge chunk out of that block without scuffing up the surfaces around it .
So that 's an overview of how decal projection works in Overgrowth !
If you 're not familiar with linear algebra , you might be confused about how to transform triangles from one space to another , and why it 's important to have a complete orientation .
I could write a blog post explaining vector spaces and transformations in game development terms , but I 'm not sure if anybody would be interested .
Do you have any other technical subjects you would like me to talk about ?
PHP has become the de-facto standard for web applications over the past few years .
Bigger and bigger applications are being developed for it every day , and with the advent of news - networking sites such as digg.com and slashdot.org , heavy traffic can happen with no notice whatsoever .
One of PHPs downfalls in this sort of situation is that it ’s an interpreted language .
This means that every time your webserver gets a request for a page written in PHP , it has to compile that individual page , before it can then process it and serve the results to the user .
Most of the time , this happens in milliseconds , hardly noticeable at all .
However under high load situations , several processes are spawned for every web request , memory is consumed , apache handlers are held open , etc .
Things can get ugly pretty quickly .
Enter , XCache .
XCache was developed by the lighttpd team , and is ported over to work with just about any webserver .
What XCache does , and why it ’s a beautiful thing , is that it stores a copy of the PHP page post - compilation in memory and then serves that to the next user that requests the same page .
Not only do you gain the benefit of a ‘ compile once , serve many times ’ application , the page is also being pulled straight from memory .
* WAY * faster than serving it up off of your disks .
In this post , I ’m going to show you how to install XCache on CentOS and Apache with PHP 5 .
However this is easily ported to other Operating systems very quickly .
So let ’s get started , shall we ?
The current build of XCache is 1.2.2 , and can be downloaded from http://xcache.lighttpd.net/pub/Releases/1.2.2/xcache-1.2.2.tar.gz .
So , SSH into your server and do the following
cd /usr / src ; wget http://xcache.lighttpd.net/pub/Releases/1.2.2/xcache-1.2.2.tar.gz
tar - xzvf xcache - 1.2.2.tar.gz
This is going to unarchive the xcache installation in your /usr / src/ directory .
Next we need to go in there and get it ready to build for our particular PHP installation .
cd xcache - 1.2.2
It should be noted here , that you ’ll need the PHP - Devel RPM installed .
To install it , just enter the next command .
yum -y php-devel
Now , let ’s prep and build our xcache install .
phpize -- clean && phpize ; ./ configure --enable - xcache
make && make install
There , Xcache is installed as a PHP extension now !
Let ’s go ahead and setup the configuration for it .
cat xcache.ini >
/etc/php.d/xcache.ini
Now , open up your favorite editor of choice and let ’s make a couple of changes here …
put a ‘ ;’ in front of all of the zend_extension lines that do n’t already have one .
In PHP , this comments out that line so it ’s ignored .
add in
zend_extension = /usr/lib/php/modules/xcache.so
Now , change the xcache .
admin.user line to read
xcache.admin.user = " admin "
xcache.admin.pass = " yourpassword "
The above password needs to be an MD5 Encrypted version of your password .
You can generate an encrypted version of your password by doing the following from the commandline .
md5 -s " YOURPASSWORD "
It ’ll look something like this …
Maynard : ~ chrismm $ md5 -s " blah "
MD5 ( " blah " ) = 6f1ed002ab5595859014ebf0951522d9
xcache.size = 16 M
xcache.count = 2 ; ( this is the number of real processors in your machine . )
Now save your document and type ‘ php - v ’ , you should see xcache mentioned in the output .
[ root@omega xcache - 1.2.2 ] # php -v
PHP 5.2.9 ( cli ) ( built : Mar 25 2009 13:18:19 )
Copyright ( c ) 1997-2009 The PHP Group
Zend Engine v2.2.0 , Copyright ( c ) 1998-2009 Zend Technologies
with the ionCube PHP Loader v3.1.34 , Copyright ( c ) 2002 -2009 , by ionCube Ltd. , and
with XCache v1.2.2 , Copyright ( c ) 2005 - 2007 , by mOo
Now , let ’s go ahead and setup the web interface for Xcache .
This is n’t necessary , but it ’s a good tool for tuning your Xcache installation .
cp -pR ./admin/ /var/www/html/ ; ( or wherever your website is )
This creates a / admin / folder off of your site .
Now you should be able to go there in a webbrowser , and enter the username / password
that you entered into the xcache.ini .
Voila !
You ’re now caching all of your PHP code .
Expect a MUCH lower serverload , and much faster page serving .
My next post on this blog is going to be about tuning your XChache instance .
A base install does n’t do you much good unless you know how to tweak it !
" There 's a storm gathering . "
A minute - long TV spot by a group called the National Organization for Marriage is already spawning YouTube parodies of its grave , Terminator - esque warning about gay marriage destroying the American Way of Life .
But for sheer hilarity , no parody can match the audition tapes for the ad , in which a series of no - name actors stand in front of a green screen and mostly botch lines like " the clouds are dark and the winds are strong " and " I 'm a California doctor who must choose between my faith and my job . "
The audition videos , uncovered by the Human Rights Campaign , seem too good to be true .
But NOM has helpfully authenticated them by sending DMCA notices to YouTube to get them pulled down .
Vimeo.com hosted the banned videos for a while , but now also appears to have folded like an umbrella .
So internet rebels are saving the videos with keepvid.com , and then uploading them back to YouTube when they 're pulled .
Hat tip : Washington City Paper
TEHRAN ( Reuters ) -
An Iranian official accused the United States on Friday of involvement in a mosque bombing that killed more than 20 people in volatile southeastern Iran , two weeks before a presidential election .
Washington denied the allegation .
Jalal Sayyah , of the governor ’s office in Sistan - Baluchestan province , said three people had been arrested in connection with the blast on Thursday in a crowded Shi’ite mosque in the city of Zahedan , in a region where many of Iran ’s minority Sunnis live .
“ The terrorists , who were equipped by America in one of our neighboring countries , carried out this criminal act in their efforts to create religious conflict and fear and to influence the presidential election , ” Sayyah told state radio .
A Sunni opposition group named Jundollah ( God ’s Soldiers ) , which mainly Shi’ite Muslim Iran says is part of the Islamist al Qaeda network and backed by the United States , said it was behind the bombing , Saudi- owned Al Arabiya television said .
The Dubai - based station said a man called it saying it was a suicide attack aimed at Basij forces , a religious militia , meeting in the mosque to coordinate election strategy .
It was not possible to verify the claim of involvement of Jundollah , which says it fights for the rights of Iran ’s Sunnis .
Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei also suggested Iran ’s foreign enemies were involved in the blast , saying “ no one can doubt that the hands of ... some interfering powers and their spying services are bloodied by the blood of the innocent . ”
The U.S. State Department denied involvement in the bombing .
“ We condemn this terrorist attack in the strongest possible terms , ” State Department spokesman Ian Kelly said .
“ We do not sponsor any form of terrorism in Iran .
Sayyah said two children were among the dead .
The official IRNA news agency put the death toll at 25 and named most of the victims , all males .
Other media gave somewhat lower figures .
The person who detonated the device was standing among men praying in Ali Ebne - Abitaleb mosque and was also killed , provincial judiciary official Ebrahim Hamidi said .
Iranian media said a big part of the mosque was destroyed by the blast .
Footage showed a blood - stained floor inside .
Slideshow ( 5 images )
It was one of the deadliest such bombing incidents in Iran since its 1980 - 88 war with Iraq .
A blast in a mosque in the southern city of Shiraz killed 14 people in April last year but the country has been relatively peaceful in a turbulent region .
“ It has been confirmed that those behind the terrorist act in Zahedan were hired by America and the arrogance ’s other hands , ” Sayyah told the semi-official Fars News Agency .
Iranian leaders , who often accuse the United States and its allies of seeking to destabilize it , refer to Washington as the “ Great Satan , ” guilty of “ global arrogance . ”
Slideshow ( 5 images )
Iran has also previously accused its arch - foe of supporting Sunni rebels operating on its border with Pakistan .
U.S. INVOLVEMENT DOUBTED
Sistan - Baluchestan province , home to Iran ’s mostly Sunni ethnic Baluchis , is the scene of frequent clashes between security forces and heavily armed drug smugglers and bandits .
Defense analyst Paul Beaver said it was “ highly unlikely ” that the U.S. administration of President Barack Obama , who is seeking to engage Tehran diplomatically after three decades of mutual mistrust , would support Sunni insurgents in Iran .
He said history had shown that backing guerrilla groups to effect regime change was “ ineffectual and wrong , and the present U.S. administration does not want to be tarnished in that way . ”
In an incident on Friday in the same city , three people were wounded when gunmen on a motorbike opened fire on the local campaign headquarters of President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad in Zahedan , IRNA said .
Police later arrested the attackers , it said .
Two of the wounded worked in the election office .
A child was also hurt .
In April , Iran ’s intelligence minister said it had arrested a group of people linked to Israel who were planning bombings before the June 12 election , in which the conservative incumbent , Ahmadinejad , is seeking a second four - year term .
Strip Club Depression
by Doug French by Doug French
Strip clubs are the ultimate boom time creation .
After all , the business model rests on masses of men overpaying for cocktails while overpaying lithesome young women to bump and grind on their laps — all of this after paying an exorbitant charge just to enter the building .
Prior to the great boom of the past decade the jiggle business was localized .
Politically unpopular , zoning for such establishments is confined to industrial areas , tucked away from mom and the kids .
Financing to build such businesses was hard to come by as many bank boards frowned upon the morals of the operation , turning a blind eye to the abundant cash flows .
Publically traded strip club operators were unheard of .
Of course given their unpopularity with local do - gooders , entrepreneurs who are able to open an adult business become ongoing targets for extortion by local politicians .
Since the government tightly controls how many can open and the rules when they do , adult business owners are often forced to bribe city officials first to gain approvals to open their businesses , and then to remain open .
Such was the case in one of the most fertile fields for the stripping business , Las Vegas .
As home equity rich Americans were flooding Sin City after the shock of 9/11 wore off and Federal Reserve liquidity was making testosterone - filled young men feel like the good times would never end and money was for wasting , strip club owner Mike Galardi operated a small hole - in - the - wall money machine called Cheetahs .
But with the town booming , he wanted to expand his feline - themed empire .
But he was n’t the only one .
Everyone wanted to build a big club in Las Vegas .
Convention traffic was soaring , gaming win was growing by leaps and bounds and more casino properties were planned for the Strip .
Las Vegas was just getting started and the big - box strip club race was on .
The 70,000 square foot Sapphire Gentlemen ’s Club was underway right behind Circus Circus , as was the large , ornate Treasures located across I - 15 from Palace Station .
So many others were trying to open clubs that a moratorium was placed on new applications .
$ 25 $ 22
With approvals for his 25,000 square foot Jaguars club hard to obtain , Galardi made a few hundred thousand dollars in gifts and cash payments to county commissioners to get Jaguars started and keep county inspectors off his back .
Ultimately three Clark County commissioners , as well as Galardi , would go to prison in a political corruption case known as G - Sting .
Of course Galardi was only doing what he had to do .
In his book , The Ethics of Liberty , Murray Rothbard explained that there “ is nothing illegitimate about the briber , but there is much that is illegitimate about the bribee , the taker of the bribe .
Legally , there should be a property right to pay a bribe , but not to take one . ”
Former Galardi employee and friend Rich Buonantony told the San Diego Union - Tribune newspaper .
“ [ Galardi ] was giving hundreds of thousands of dollars , and do you think it was easy to remember giving five grand here and 10 grand there ?
It was nothing for him to give money .
People looked at Mike Galardi like he was an ATM machine . ”
Those " people " Bounantony referred to were politicians .
But now that the boom has turned bust , business has flattened for strip clubs .
The 25,000 square foot club that forever changed the lives of Galardi and three commissioners is now owned by the publically traded Rick ’s Cabaret International Inc. Eric Langan , the man who took over Rick ’s in 1998 , ramped up the company ’s growth in 2005 and now it owns 19 clubs around the country .
Quite a story for a guy who sold his baseball card collection to finance his first club , " I just jumped in , " says Langan .
" With cold beer and some naked girls , it ’s pretty easy to make money . "
$ 14 $ 12
With that initial $ 24,000 investment , Langan ’s first club measured 1,600 square feet .
Now , as he told BBook.com , some of his clubs have dressing room areas measuring more than three times that space .
Back in 1999
Rick ’s was trading for less than a buck a share on NASDAQ but by December of 2007 , with his shares trading for $ 27 — more than the price of a lap dance — Langan ’s goal became to own 50 clubs in three to five years .
He bought a 47,000 square foot club in Miami for $ 25 million , a 25,000 square foot Dallas club for $ 9.5 million and he paid $ 18.7 million for the former Jaguars in Las Vegas .
Rick ’s balance sheet is now showing the strain .
At September 30 , 2006 , liabilities totaled less than $ 17 million .
Now with business sagging along with the asset values of the clubs , the company ’s debts have soared to almost $ 72 million .
And the company has encountered expenses that Langan likely did n’t include in his pro forma when analyzing his company ’s Las Vegas purchase .
Cab drivers in Sin City have always collected bounties for delivering passengers to various businesses — especially strip clubs .
But the price has soared in recent months as business has soured .
When a lot of loose cash is floating around , lawyers start taking interest .
Attorney Al Marquis has filed a lawsuit to stop cabbies from being paid for delivering customers , thinking that it ’s bad for Vegas .
" The problem with paying for the delivery of customers is that it ’s been escalating in recent years .
It has begun to substantially alter the conduct of lots of different parties from hosts and doormen at casinos ; to individual cab and limo drivers ; to tourists getting diverted over their objection . "
To regain market share Rick ’s Las Vegas hiked cabbie payouts to $ 100 per head which led to an increase in monthly sales to $ 1.9 million in April , according to the Wall Street Journal .
However , $ 1 million of that went to cabbies and the club lost money for the month .
" You gotta remember , in our industry it ’s all about the girls .
So he who has the girls has the customers , and he who has the customers has the girls , " Lagan philosophized during a recent investor conference call .
" So it ’s really a chicken and egg and which came first .
The trick is keeping the girls and the customers on a platform … .
The guys will always go where the girls are . "
What Lagan did n’t say is that the girls are important because they pay to work .
So , beyond the drinks and the cover charges and in some cases expensive meals , strip club cash flow depends first and foremost on entertainers paying to entertain .
Back in the Las Vegas boom days it was $ 50 per shift ( depending upon the time of day ) and $ 75 or $ 100 during convention weeks .
On top of that , dancers are expected to tip the disc jockeys , floormen and house mothers .
But the current bust means too many dances are chasing too few laps in too much square footage .
" For an industry often thought to be recession proof , " the WSJ ’s Kris Hudson writes , " the transition has been sobering . "
Rick ’s stock is trading below $ 7 and publiclytraded rival VCG Holding Corp. is trading at $ 2.40 , a decline of 83 % from its peak .
And investors are not the only ones getting hammered by the softness in the bump and grind industry .
The entertainers themselves are shaking their moneymakers for much less these days .
Buffy , who plies her trade at Rick ’s in Las Vegas told the WSJ that she is making only a quarter of what she did during the boom .
However , that beats the mortgage business for Sara , who gave up making loans in the bay area , for stimulating conventioneers in her g-string at the Sapphire Gentlemen ’s Club .
Reportedly , " a laid - off paralegal , a laid - off fashion designer , a Bank of America banker , a former paralegal and two Los Angles real estate agents " have changed careers despite the lower returns to be had working in 8 - inch heels .
However , anyone who has spent time in strip clubs will tell you that obtaining reliable personal information from entertainers is problematic .
The overexpansion of the strip club business is yet another malinvestment created by the Federal Reserve ’s monetary creation .
As F.A. Hayek has explained , profits made through stock market or real estate appreciation in terms of money , " which do not correspond to any proportional increase of capital beyond the amount which is required to reproduce the equivalent of current income , are not income , and their use for consumption purposes must lead to a destruction of capital . "
The wealth that strip club patrons and strip club moguls thought they had to throw around was but an illusion and the reality is sobering for the entertainers , cabbies , politicians and others that have been riding the strip club boom .
Doug French Archives
The Best of Douglas French
A woman with her face covered - as is the tradition among rural Hindu women - listens as a polling officer explains how to use an electronic voting machine at a polling booth in Haryana , India , on Thursday .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
A US police department is training officers to fly powered paragliders for search and rescue operations and surveillance .
The department in Palm Bay , Florida , is training four officers during a six month trial of the equipment .
Lt Mark Renkins is training on the machines and says it is much more fun than patrolling in a car .
Phil Russman , a glider instructor , says the police could get a lot done by using the paragliders .
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan ( CNN ) -- Pakistan 's military is dealing with more than a million Pakistanis who have been displaced by fighting since last year , a military spokesman said Tuesday .
Pakistan has launched a massive military operation against the Taliban in the Swat Valley .
The military has set up headquarters to manage the 1.3 million internally displaced people , spokesman Gen. Athar Abbas said .
That number includes 500,000 Pakistanis who were uprooted from their homes since August , before the latest military push against Taliban militants in the country 's northeastern region , he said .
The army has set up hospitals in many of the refugee camps and plans to build camps near the conflict zone , he said .
Pakistan 's military is continuing an offensive against the Taliban along its western border with Afghanistan , particularly in the Swat Valley .
The military has been releasing regular reports saying it has killed Taliban militants in the region , but it has produced little evidence of the successes it claims .
Journalists have not been permitted to observe the offensive and the army has not shown bodies of the militants it says it has killed .
Curfews have been imposed in the conflict zone , but are relaxed periodically to allow civilians to travel .
It is not unusual now to see rickshaws and cargo trucks filled with fleeing civilians , rolling down Pakistan 's main east - west highway .
Vehicles are not allowed back into the region , which has led to a shortage for those trying to leave .
Watch the case of a girl who lost her family in the conflict »
On Sunday , at least 25 boys stranded at the Khpal Kor Foundation orphanage in Swat Valley had to flee the district capital , Mingora , on foot , according to director Mohammed Ali .
He said local government officials told him there were no vehicles to evacuate the children .
The 175 - kilometer ( 110 - mile ) journey from Mingora to the western city of Peshawar normally takes about three hours by car .
The boys walked for several hours , but had to spend the night in a madrassa -- a religious school -- outside of Mingora , because authorities had re-established the curfew .
CNN 's Reza Sayah , Samson Desta and Ivan Watson contributed to this report .
All About Pakistan • The Taliban • United Nations
Herbert and Huntsman do n’t see eye to eye on climate change
Just two weeks after President Barack Obama ’s choice for Secretary of Health and Human Services , Kathleen Sebelius , was replaced by new Kansas governor , Mark Parkinson — who quickly ended a nearly two - year standoff by granting an air permit for a new coal - fired power plant in the southwestern part of the state — another one of the President ’s high - profile political appointees will be replaced as governor by a politician less concerned about the environment .
[ social_buttons ]
After President Obama tapped Utah Governor Jon Huntsman , a Republican , as the next U.S. Ambassador to China , some attention shifted to his likely replacement , Utah Lt. Governor Gary Herbert , and the direction the new governor plans on taking the state .
While observers do n’t expect any sudden policy reversals , Herbert ’s position on the human - causes of global warming stands in striking opposition to his predecessor’s .
The pair , described by some as a political odd - couple , stand strongly opposed on a variety issues across the political landscape .
Herbert said at a news conference Monday that he and Huntsman have always agreed on “ core issues . ”
“ We understand the importance of clean air and clean water and being good stewards of the Earth , ” said Herbert .
But Herbert does n’t believe the science is really in on global warming yet .
And his position on the human - causes of climate change put him much more in line with his fellow Republicans than the outgoing Huntsman .
Huntsman has been openly criticized by fellow Utah Republicans for his stance on controlling greenhouse gas emissions .
While Huntsman had entered Utah into the seven - state Western Climate Initiative — along with fellow Republican governor , Arnold Schwarzenegger — in an effort to set the stage for a market - based control on greenhouse gas emissions , Herbert is far less concerned with the issue , arguing that a carbon cap would raise energy prices and drive jobs overseas .
“ I have no plans to pull us out ” of the bipartisan cap - and - trade program being developed by Western states , Herbert said , despite calls for such a move by some conservative Republican legislators .
At least he does n’t plan on pulling out right away .
Herbert will have a shortened one - year term before a special gubernatorial election in 2010 .
In the meantime , the far - right Herbert will do his best to not rock the centrist ideological - boat that Governor Jon Huntsman had been steering since 2005 .
Image : Jared Smith via flickr under a Creative Commons License
★ この説明は Google Wave Federation Protocol の Draft Protocol Spec ( June 8 , 2009 ) を読んで、僕なりに噛み砕いたものです。感覚をつかむ事を目的としているので、説明には間違いや不正確な部分があるかもしれません。ご了承ください。
Wave の中身 Wave の中身を見てみましょう 。
Wave の中には 、 「 会話の単位 」となる
Wavelet （ウェーブレット）が集まっています。実際には、ユーザーは
Wavelet を読み書きします 。
Wavelet の中には、その会話（または文書の編集）に参加しているユーザーのリストがあります。参加者しか
Wavelet を読み書きする事はできません。 また 、Wavelet は他にも、みんなが編集している文書の中身をあらわす ドキュメント を持っています。この実体は XML 文書で す * 3 。
Wave と
Wavelet の区別について、疑問に思う方もいらっしゃるでしょう。Wavelet の参加者は、同 じ
Wave 内に新たに自分専用 の
Wavelet を作る事ができます。自分専用なので、他の参加者は許可されない限り
Wavelet の内容を読み書きできません。 これだけだと何のことかわかりませんね。例えば、インスタントメッセンジャーを使って、複数人でチャットしている様子を思い浮かべて下さい。ある参加者だけに、こっそりと伝えたい事があったらどうするでしょう？ その参加者だけとの間で、新たに会話を始めますよね？ あなたが今新しく始めたの が
Wavelet です :)
Wave と Wavelet の管理者 Wave も Wavelet も、それを作ったユーザーが所属してい る
Wave プロバイダ上で作られます。例えば、ユーザー jane@nicewave.com が新しく Wave を作ると、そ の
Wave は nicewave.com によって管理されます。* 4 では、nicewave.com によって管理されている
Wave に、ユーザー me@mywave.com が参加して 、Wavelet を新しく作るとどうなるでしょうか？ その Wavelet は、今度は mywave.com によって管理される事になります。*5 つまり 、Wave と Wavelet を管理す る
Wave プロバイダは、違う場合があるわけです 。
管理するというこ と 「 管理する」というのは、「オリジナルを持っている」という意味です。
文書を編集するためには、文書の内容を知る必要があります。自分が所属している
Wave プロバイダが、文書を 管理 していれば、特に問題はありません。 ただ、他 の
Wave プロバイダが管理する文書の場合はどうでしょう？ 文書を読むには、インターネット越しにダウンロードしてくる必要があります。それはつまり、文書の「コピー」を作っている事になります。コピーを持っておけば、わざわざ同じ文書を読む度にダウンロードする必要がありません。 このように、他の
Wave プロバイダが持つ文書を読み書きする場合、一旦、自分 の
Wave プロバイダに文書のコピーを作り、それに対して読み書きする事になります。*6
Search is on for California condor shooters WILDLIFE
The recent shootings of two endangered California condors have prompted a statewide manhunt for the shotgun - wielding poachers .
The radio - collared vultures were shot somewhere between Big Sur and the Pinnacles National Monument , where they are known to forage , said Adam Keats , director of the urban wildlands program for the San Francisco office of the Center for Biological Diversity .
The condors were found this spring , alive but wounded .
One of them , which was among the first of the birds to be released in the region as part of a restoration program , later died of unrelated lead poisoning .
" People are outraged , " Keats said .
" The condor is the symbol of the ancient history of California , and millions of dollars and countless hours of work have been spent since the 1980s trying to bring this species back into existence . "
To waste all that effort " by taking a shot at them is reprehensible , " Keats said .
The Center for Biological Diversity began distributing posters Thursday , offering a $ 40,000 reward for tips that lead to the shooters .
It is believed to be the largest reward ever offered in the shooting of an endangered animal .
With a wingspan of 10 feet , the California condor is the largest North American land bird .
The majestic black vulture is one of the world 's longest - living birds , with a lifespan of up to 50 years .
Once widespread across North America , the condor has declined precipitously since the 19th century .
Only 22 were left in the wild in 1987 , prompting conservationists to capture the remaining birds and start a breeding program at the San Diego Wild Animal Park and the Los Angeles Zoo .
Some of the birds were reintroduced into the wild starting in 1991 .
There are now 337 condors , 183 of them in the wild in the Grand Canyon , Zion National Park , the coastal mountains of California and Baja California , Keats said .
The birds that were shot were among only 92 in Northern and Central California .
A male dubbed No. 286 was found March 4 .
The 7 - year - old condor , nicknamed " Pinns , " was among the first six birds released at the Pinnacles National Monument .
It had lead poisoning and was brought to the Los Angeles Zoo , where it died May 11 .
The other wounded condor , a juvenile female called No. 375 , was found in early April .
It , too , was suffering from lead poisoning and had been wounded by a shotgun blast .
The juvenile recovered and was released May 1 .
Investigators do n't know where the birds were attacked .
" They had been known to hang out together , which raises the possibility that they could have been shot at the same time , " said Bruce Robertson a private investigator hired by the Center for Biological Diversity .
Wildlife biologists believe the birds were poisoned by eating lead ammunition .
Even though the older bird did not die of the gunshot , Keats said , simply shooting at a condor is a serious crime .
It 's a federal offense to shoot an endangered species .
The violation carries a maximum penalty of a year in prison and a $ 100,000 fine .
" There is no hunt open for a bird that looks like a condor , " Keats said .
" This was not someone who was hunting .
This was somebody who was committing a crime .
Like every criminal , they need to be taken off the streets and punished . "
Anyone with tips regarding the shootings is asked to call a condor hot line at ( 800 ) 840-1272 or e-mail condortip@gmail.com .
Raise you hands if you had really cool parents who , despite their evident distaste and lack of love for one another , avoided dragging you into their twisted web of lies and deceit by showering you with toys and stuff .
Yeah , I saw a bunch of arms shoot up right there .
I think it was a given back then - for me , mid -’80s - when a set of parents were just scratching the surface of a complete marital breakdown to want to pile on the gifts to keep the kids happy and blissfully unaware .
Ya know what , no matter the outcome ( as obvious as it was at the time ) I feel lucky since I was able to enjoy so many of the coolest toys without even having to ask .
I grew up ( sort of ) in the late seventies and early eighties and I thoroughly saturated myself with as many of the biggest and best playthings my rapidly separating parents were willing to toss at me .
I believe I became a bit jaded and proud since I was always one - upping the neighbor kids who kowtowed to me like the little jealous shits that they were .
But I digress .
The following list of sorts is a collection of really bizarre toys I had as a tot .
And yes , for authenticity ’s sake , I really did own them all .
So , check out a little piece of my dysfunctional childhood .
Milky the Cow
For some strange reason this was fun .
I did n’t grow up on , or anywhere near a farm , but I assure you , I was n’t missing that little piece in my life , either .
From what I understand farmhands have to get up so early it ’s actually before they go to bed just to milk the cows .
Not gonna happen .
Regardless , this toy was fascinating .
I ’m also unsure as to what the ‘ milk ’ was .
Powdered ?
Did it come in packets ?
No idea .
Weird toy , this one .
Ghostbusters Busting Supplies
Even now as the popularity of a new Ghostbusters movie is surging anew , I can just see this set of toys making a screaming comeback .
Of these spirit dispatching weapons , I had the Proton Pack that actually shot the little foam balls as opposed to just the one with the giant orange phallus sticking out .
Talking ALF
Nothing wails great idea like combining two of the most popular items of the 80’s into one abhorrently annoying toy : Teddy Ruxpin and …
ALF ?
Do n’t get me wrong , I loved me some ALF !
I used to watch that show with religious fervor .
In fact , as a big a fan as I was , I even managed to collect the comics and have a non-talking version as well .
Yes , I was a boy , jackass .
Anyway , I got this for Christmas one year and let me tell you , even though ALF ’s voice was only available via tapes , having him sing along to Queen and Jethro Tull was just a friggin cool .
The Electro Shotgun
Yeah , I had this .
No , it was n’t new when I got it from some friend of the family and therefore did n’t really work as spectacularly as it does in the ad , but I owned it nonetheless .
By some odd turn of events , one of the kids in my sprawling neighborhood had it as well and we used to play with them at his house .
Point of Fact :
His house was built into the side of a hill .
Cool .
Stretch Monster
Ah yes : the action figures made out of super rubbery skin filled to the brim with some elastic space material from Jupiter .
Why the toy company never made like Mr. Fantastic , Plastic Man , or Elongated Man is beyond me .
Hell , even Baby Plas was in his own cartoon at this point !
The Animal
When the sheer absurdity of the humdrum monster truck plowing over a mound of flattened Pontiacs is just not enough awesomeness for you , then it ’s time you graduated to the uber - ridiculousness of The Animal !
But does it have six wicked monster bear paws that come popping out of the tires when a normally insurmountable obstacle is in its way ?
I think you already know the answer , my friend .
Voltron
Not so much wholly bizarre is it is just proving how much more cheaply made toys have become .
When I had this monster ( I had to get it at a local specialty shop ) not only was it something like ninety bucks ( which translates into the thousands in todays exchange rate ) but the thing also weighed as much as an eight - year old !
Back in the day toys were made with heavy - weight metal and we liked it that way !
Even the Transformers of yore would n’t pop apart as they do now no matter how hard you wrenched their limbs because they were quality !
Damn cheap - o plastic !
Where ’s my gun .
Mego Superheroes
In the 70’s and 80 ’s Mego had a stranglehold on the comic book character licences and put out a toy of just about everyone you could have imagined .
Sure , they were really silly looking and appeared more to be wearing pajamas than actual costumes , but whatever : they were cool !
I had a half - dozen or so and really wish my mom had n’t had a slew of secret garage sales or else I ’d still have them .
Boo stupid parents !
Capsela
Much like LEGO in their vast array of building options , Capsela had even more than that going for them : they floated !
One year for Christmas my brother and I got a shit load of this stuff .
We did manage to build a lot of the things in the directions , but we also managed to break a bunch of it .
Damn kids .
Shogun Warriors
When it came to toys that launched and shot stuff out of everywhere on its four - foot frame , you could do no better than the behemoth Shogun Warriors .
SourceForge , the company behind the popular code hosting service , has announced plans to acquire Ohloh .
The acquisition is part of a broader effort to renew the relevance of SourceForge and bring greater value to the website 's users .
Ohloh is a social network for open source software communities .
It analyzes the source code in remote version control systems in order to collect data about software and programmers .
Users can set up profiles at the site which will aggregate all of the information collected by Ohloh about their participation in open source software projects .
The site aims to provide useful metrics about a multitude of open source software projects and makes it easier for participants to find each other and interact .
SourceForge is one of the oldest and best - known code hosting services for open source software projects , but it has declined in relevance as more compelling alternatives — such as GitHub and Launchpad — have emerged with support for popular distributed version control systems .
SourceForge is making a major comeback and recently launched a bunch of impressive new features , including support for distributed version control systems and hosted Web applications .
A user interface overhaul has helped to improve its usability and make it a more competitive option .
In an announcement on Thursday , SourceForge revealed that it has signed an agreement to acquire Ohloh .
The move will make it possible for SourceForge to leverage the rich code metrics and social connection data that Ohloh has accumulated .
We discussed the implications of the acquisition with SourceForge media group president Jon Sobel , who shared some of his views about the benefits that the acquisition will bring to end users .
He says that the sites will continue to be maintained as separate entities for now , but there will be a lot of cross-linking and backend integration .
Ohloh will be moved into SourceForge 's data center so that it can leverage the company 's network and hardware infrastructure .
This will allow Ohloh to grow faster and do more than it can do today in its current environment .
Sobel says that SourceForge wants to serve as a universal source of information about open source software projects regardless of where those projects are hosted .
Ohloh 's code crawling and analysis features are highly conducive to achieving that goal .
The data will also be used to make connections between projects and developers more visible to the SourceForge community .
Another advantage for SourceForge , he explained , is that Ohloh 's data will help the company deliver advertising that is more targeted and effective .
One of the key features of Ohloh is that it provides APIs to make its data accessible to third - party applications and Web mashups .
I asked Sobel if SourceForge will be gaining similar capabilities .
He said that SourceForge is aiming to be a platform for collaboration and open source metrics , which means that providing APIs is an important part of the overall strategy .
He says that there are new experimental SourceForge APIs under development and that we could see a lot more functionality exposed in the future .
SourceForge 's acquisition of Ohloh is the latest in a string of very smart moves that are rapidly turning SourceForge into the collaboration powerhouse that it originally aspired to become .
The company has made an enormous turnaround after years of stagnation and is once again taking a strong position of leadership relative to its formidable new competitors .
Conventional LEDs like these are set to be displaced by versions based on organic films ( Image : oskay / Flickr http://www.flickr.com/photos/oskay/)
A single molecule that reliably emits white light could speed the development of low - energy LEDs for the next generation of light sources and displays , say chemists .
Energy - efficient LEDs are widely tipped to become the predominant lighting source of the next decade and beyond , replacing the fast - disappearing incandescent bulb , as well as the compact fluorescent lights that are replacing them .
Likely to become the standard in this area are organic LEDs – thin films made from organic polymers that can be coated onto large areas at low cost .
But generating white light from OLEDs is difficult as organic compounds within the films generate light only at very specific colours .
Making white involves mixing two or more compounds to create a white light balance , and that drives up the price .
Advertisement
Jekyll and Hyde
Soo - Young Park at Seoul National University , South Korea , and colleagues at the University of Valencia in Spain , have created a molecule able to behave like two separate light - producing molecules .
When stimulated with a voltage it produces orange and blue light that mix to create white .
Previous attempts using the same basic concept involved linking together two separate molecules into one .
But , because energy is able to flow between the two molecular sub-units , one unit typically emits more light than the other , resulting in an unwanted tint .
The new molecule does not suffer that problem , and only contains one light - emitting chemical group .
When connected to a voltage , this group switches to a high - energy form that emits blue light as it reverts to its original state .
Roughly half the time , though , the high - energy form picks up extra oxygen and hydrogen atoms , becoming a short - lived form that produces orange light before reverting to the original state .
A large population of the molecules reliably produces equal quantities of orange and blue light that mix to produce an even white .
Efficiency boost
“ This allows us to create white emission in much the same way as creating white light from independent [ lights ] , ” says Park , potentially saving money and increasing efficiency .
“ The science is excellent and very impressive , ” says Colin Humphreys who works on LEDs at the University of Cambridge in the UK .
But , he adds , it needs an efficiency boost before it can be used in commercial lighting and displays .
Currently , the molecule converts electrons into photons at least 30 times less efficiently than commercial LEDs .
Park responds that the study was more about proof of principle and that the efficiency figures will rise as the method is optimised .
Journal reference : Journal of the American Chemical Society ( DOI : 10.1021/ ja902533f
Sun ,
05/03/2009 - 18:04 — root
Since the October elections , the NACT ( National + ACT ) government which was elected has been moving to push its policy agenda at record speed .
These right wing parties won majority control in the house of representatives by painting the existing Labour - led government as wanting to run a ' nanny state ' which was taxing the country into the ground .
However , the types of policies we have been seeing are not really what the people have voted for .
I 'm sure that the people who voted for National did n't intend vote for most of the poor policy which has been pushed through .
At least , I voted for Richard Worth ( National ) to be the Epsom MP , and I continue to be shocked nearly every day at what National is doing to this country .
I have compiled a list of some of the things the NACT government have done that ordinary voters probably did n't think they were voting for .
These are all either acts which have been passed by the government , or parts of government bills that are going through the process :
By that standard , dialing back on matters like abortion legislation or gay rights is not really a threat to the president , no matter how much it might rile his supporters on the political left .
For one thing , Mr. Obama has already conditioned the public to understand that his views on such social issues are complex ; he is , after all , the candidate who campaigned as a “ fierce advocate ” of equality for gays and lesbians , while at the same time opposing gay marriage .
But detainee policy is another matter ; it goes to the core of Mr. Obama ’s very being as a politician .
A central premise of his campaign was his pledge to restore America ’s moral standing in the world by undoing the anti-terrorism policies of his predecessor , Mr. Bush .
Now , with his embrace of military commissions and his decision on the detainee photos  as well as a fresh proposal , outlined in last week ’s speech , for “ prolonged detention ” of terrorism suspects who cannot be tried 
Mr. Obama is drawing comparisons to Mr. Bush by critics , who say he has backtracked , in subtle yet important ways , from the positions he staked out as a candidate .
The White House is well aware of such criticism , and it is one reason Mr. Obama went to the National Archives last week .
His senior adviser , David Axelrod , said the intent was for the president to explain his approach to a complicated array of legal and national - security challenges .
“ There is an awful lot of misunderstanding out there , ” Mr. Axelrod said .
Image Credit ... Nicholas Kamm / Agence France - Presse — Getty Images
So Mr. Obama tried to set the record straight , drawing on his skills as an orator and a former constitutional law professor .
He painted , in broad strokes , his philosophy that upholding American values is central to defending the United States .
But aside from the lofty rhetoric , he also used the speech , in a very nitty - gritty way , to rebut criticism on matters like his refusal to release detainee photos while making the interrogation memos public .
“ Now in the press ’s mind , and in some of the public ’s mind , these two cases are contradictory , ” Mr. Obama said in making his case .
“ They are not to me . ”
Mr. Obama argued that there was no danger in releasing the legal memos , because the existence of the interrogation techniques was widely known , and he had already banned them .
But while his Justice Department had initially agreed to make the photos public , the president said , his national security team persuaded him that the images would “ inflame anti-American opinion , ” putting troops in harm ’s way .
“ In short , ” the president concluded , “ there is a clear and compelling reason not to release these particular photos . ”
If you 've got 11 minutes this lunch hour , this investigative report on city hall politics and marijuana dispensaries is excellent .
" Almost every city has gotten its act together and put regulations in place for marijuana dispensaries except Los Angeles , " said Paul Lerner , a Melrose area neighborhood activist who voted for Prop 215 , but does n't like the proliferation of dispensaries on every street corner .
" In Los Angeles we have the highest paid city council members in the country .
What are they doing ?
Why can't they get their act together and put some basic reasonable sound regulations in place ? "
And that 's the overriding theme .
In San Francisco , it 's $ 8,400 a year to have a marijuana dispensary permit .
In Los Angeles , it 's zero .
And besides that , if you open one up illegally , there 's little to none enforcement .
" I understand the viewpoint that these places are n't licensed by the city , but at the same time , can you blame them ?
The city 's not shutting them down " questioned dispensary owner Daniel Sosa .
Below , retired Orange County Superior Court Judge James
Gray lays down his logic on why the drug needs to be legalized :
Remember this post , where we agreed to record a live discussion answering your networking questions ?
It ’s finished .
I think you ’ll agree it was more than worth the wait .
You can download the audio clip right here :
Download the MP3 [ 44 Minutes | 21 MB ]
Now it ’s not short at 44 minutes .
And we only got through about half of your reader questions through comments and emails .
This means that there will be a part two – so stay tuned for that as well .
Put it into your iPod as you ’re going for a run .
Burn it onto a CD and listen as you ’re driving to work .
We divulge A TON of tips on how to become a master networker – and it ’s not just useless crap like “ Be more aggressive ” .
We really talk specifics , from the steps you take in turning a cold call into a warm call , to dealing with awkward / unhelpful alumni .
The list goes on !
For people who prefer text , here ’s the PDF – in its 19 pages of glory :
Download the Text Transcript [ 19 Pages | PDF ]
And for the short - attention span people out there , here are The 10 Takeaways You Should n’t Miss From Our Networking Seminar :
For those in school , attend every event possible .
Network properly while there !
Do n’t be lazy or you ’ll be the one regretting it when you ’re out of a job .
Outside of school , join professional associations , networking groups , attend conferences , etc .
Keep your eyes open for the next opportunity .
And do n’t overlook friends and family !
Be straightforward when establishing contact with consultants / bankers that you do n’t know .
Incrementally build the relationship through multiple communications , and have them refer you to others – thereby warming the start of that new relationship !
Even if someone ’s been laid off , they can still be helpful .
Be sensitive to the situation , direct in your interest , and tune your communication according to how well you know the person .
Only contact senior consultants / bankers when you have a legitimate reason .
Only after a long time passes without contact should you reach out with a superficial reason
With cold calls , follow KISS : keep it simple , stupid .
Immediately let them know how you got their number , the reason for calling , and one or two sentences about your background .
Ask for referrals … and ask open - ended questions to contacts who are trying to brush you off
With cold calls , focus on boutiques .
You probably wo n’t cold - call your way into Goldman Sachs ( but I ’m sure it ’s happened before ! ) .
As an exit option , you can always ask to followup at a later time or via email Always speak to bankers / consultants , not recruiters , to get things done .
If you ’re getting lukewarm responses , know when to drop things and move on to your next lead
The best conversations you can have with bankers and consultants is just that : a real conversation .
Not 50 questions about their job , not 100 questions about the strategy consulting industry .
Talk about their lives , their hobbies , and chit - chat like you would a friend .
Give people a reason to help you out .
Avoid directly asking for referrals , etc – but if you let them know that you ’re interested or that you already applied , the ones who want to help you out will proactively do so .
Only use a direct - ask with a strong relationship as a last resort Mentors can come from anywhere – managing partners , directors on down to analyst and interns .
When you find them , make their life easy .
Reach out in specific areas where you need help .
Find common ground that you can talk about .
Here are the topics and questions we cover :
Finding Names and Contact Info
“ How about for people who do not know consultants or even finance people ?
How do you build those names and meet those people in the first place ? ”
“ How would you approach making contact with complete strangers at different firms that you are interested in ? ”
Recession Recruiting
“ What is the next best step for recruiting in a firm when your only contact within the firm found out you will be laid off before you are ready to utilize him to break into the company ? ”
“ Do you have any tips on getting in touch with former senior colleagues ? ”
Click here for more on recession recruiting
Turning Cold Calls Into Warm Calls
“ I was wondering what the dos and don’ts for cold calling are in general ?
On the outline it appears to have great potential .
Most of my colleagues however discard cold calling outright .
Is it a strategy you would recommend ? ”
Following - up With Your Business Contacts
“ If you ’ve done a lot of cold calling with several different firms , this guy was wondering , well , how do you exactly followup after the initial call ? ”
“ How would you approach this and how would you move on to the next firm ? ”
“ Is there any way to keep in touch with senior partners even if you do n’t have a reason why to followup and instead you just want to keep in contact ? ”
“ Also if you could please talk about how can they followup after an MD or analyst showed interest in their resume ? ”
“ Over time , as you contact alumni , the numbers will accumulate .
How would one go about maintaining these contacts before recruiting season and then when the time comes , how do you make the ask ? ”
“ After meeting someone whom I would like to network with at a networking event , what is the appropriate followup ?
What is a good way to keep in touch ? ”
“ When the time comes , how do you make the ask for opportunities to interview ? ”
Awkward Alumni
“ I contacted some alumni in the past with a phone conversations that eventually became Q&A , it felt very awkward and a little bit dry .
If you had mentees contacting you in the past , how would you suggest making the conversation more interesting , getting to know them personally and even establishing a friendship .
What kind of mentees are mentors looking for and what ’s their incentive as a mentor for sharing information with someone who they do n’t know ? ”
Whew .
You guys were definitely curious , and we had a great time recording the discussion .
What did you think ?
Any questions or comments after listening to / reading the discussion ?
From the official Korean Central News Agency :
" If the U.S. imperialists start another war , the army and people of Korea will ... wipe out the aggressors on the globe once and for all . "
A week ago , in response to U.S. threats to inspect cargo coming to and from North Korea , the same news agency vowed that North Korea would treat such actions as a declaration of war of promised a " 100 or 1,000 - fold retaliation with merciless military strike . "
So if we intercept a cargo ship , say the Kang Nam , which is suspected of delivering weapons to Myanmar , it will provoke a war which will wipe out the U.S .
Uh , OK .
Better stay away from those cargo ships .
With its U.N. allies faltering , the North Koreans are afraid of an American led blockade that would curtail one of its only sources of hard currency .
Lacking any negotiating leverage other than its army and missile arsenal , North Korea has once again fallen back on the " I 'm f-ing crazy !
Do n't mess with me " defense .
But they 're not crazy , or at least not crazy to the point of suicide .
As I wrote in a recent post , the " 1,000 - fold " thread is a bluff , and this latest threat is even bluffier .
North Korea can devastate Seoul , but they cannot wipe anyone off the map , least of all the U.S.
The promised missile test on the 4th will be a dud .
Unless they 're extraordinarily lucky , I predict that the missile will not go anywhere near Hawaii .
That 's probably better for North Korea anyway .
Americans get a little crazy themselves when attacked on their own soil .
In short , North Korea has no real navy , no real allies , and no real economy .
They can't stop sanctions if the U.S. and allies impose them .
All they have to negotiate with is one suicidal attack , and so that 's all we hear about from their mouthpieces whenever they 're unhappy .
While we should take the risk of an attack seriously , we should not take the threats at face value .
The North Korea regime wo n't commit suicide for a ship .
Late update : Rumors that Kim Jong
Il will soon cede powers to his son , Kim Jong Un .
Late late update : The North Korean government is running dangerously low on epithets and histrionic adjectives .
Please help avert war with our North Korean Threat Generator™ .
To assess the significance of the excess , we first determine the likelihood L_( s+b ) of the signal plus background fit above and then repeat the fit with only the background contribution to find a new likelihood L_b .
The logarithmic likelihood ratio [ ln( L_(s+b ) / L_b ) ] ^0.5 yields a statistical significance of 5.4 σ , equivalent to a probability of 6.7 × 10 ^−8 that the background could fluctuate with a significance equal to or greater than what is observed .
P=8.17E-8 ( DZERO finds P=8.7E -8 ) ;
Significance = 5.41 standard deviations ( DZERO quotes 5.4 standard deviations ) .
one is adding TWO free parameters to it
We fix the Gaussian width to 0.034 GeV , the width of the MC Omega_b signal .
because the factor - 2 log ( deltaL ) will now distribute like a chisquared with two , and not just one , degree of freedom
P=4.3E -7 ;
Significance = 5.05 standard deviations .
A first observation of the Omega_b baryon - a quite exotic particle composed of a bottom quark and two strange quarks - has been recently published by the DZERO collaboration .
Their paper claims to observe the so - far - unseen particle in 1.3 inverse femtobarns of Run II data ( about a hundred trillion proton - antiproton collisions , that is ) .
The claim is based on the signal they find , 17.8 fitted events making a peak in the reconstructed mass distribution , a signal whose significance is computed to exceed five standard deviations : of them , to be precise .
" Five sigma " , as it is dubbed by particle physicists , constitutes a psychological threshold above which they lose all their inhibitions and lie their claims on the table .
Since that particle is at reach of another particle physics experiment , and it is thus reasonable to expect that new results on it will be published soon , I will entertain myself in this post in the rather technical discussion of whether the observed signal found by the DZERO collaboration does in fact correspond to a " observation - level " find .
That is because , of course , I have my doubts - you would n't be surprised if you knew me .
Now , customarily , before venturing in a detailed explanation of where do my doubts arise on the significance published by DZERO , and providing my own estimate of that number , I would typically describe here , for those of you who are not professional particle physicists , what a baryon is , what is the physics of its production and decay , why it is important to discover all of them , and the details of the DZERO analysis .
However , I will have to ask you , dear reader , for your forgiveness today .
This post would become too long if I did that .
Instead , since I know I will be discussing this fancy new baryon very soon again , I will defer those details to a future post .
So let me directly come to the point of an evaluation of the statistical significance of the signal found by DZERO in their nice analysis .
If one reads the paper , one is left with a doubt on the exact procedure by which that is evaluated :
So , DZERO uses the " log- likelihood approach " to estimate the significance of the peak they find in the reconstructed mass distribution .
It is a bit technical to explain the magic behind it , but in essence , two concurrent hypotheses are compared by a mathematical formula : the hypothesis that the data is only constituted by background processes , distributed with a flat distribution ; and the hypothesis that the data contains a flat background and a Gaussian signal , whose width is known , but whose mass , crucially , is not .
The Devil , so they say , is in the details .
When I saw the graph showing the DZERO signal of Omega_b decays ( see right ) I tightened my eyelids , tilted my head , looked sideways at the histogram ; in the meantime , the mathematical coprocessor installed in my brain was frenetically comparing the observed pattern to other signals I had seen coming - and some of them I had also seen going - in the past : 5.4 standard deviations are a really significant signal , and that nice bump , to me , did not look that outstanding .
And being a son - of - a- bitch , I decided to check by myself the claim made in the paper .
Now , you must realize that this is already a bit like entering a bank with a gun : you have not shot anybody yet , but still you feel guilty already .
Because you are not supposed to do such a thing : once a paper has withstood the scrutiny of a big collaboration , and then the review of some anonymous reviewers working for the publishing journal , it would be nice if you accepted its conclusions without objection .
Taking the data and performing checks on it is , to say the least , impolite .
Still , let me do it today : we might learn something .
The histogram in Figure 2 of the paper , shown above , has 34 bins , and the number of entries in each of them can be clearly read out : 3,1,4,3,0 , ....
It is easy to re-create an identical histogram , fit it with a flat function , obtain the likelihood returned by the fitter , and do the same for the other hypothesis .
Below is my own fit to the DZERO signal , in the case of a fit to the signal plus background hypothesis : as you can see , it matches very well the one of the paper .
It is unavoidable that tiny differences may still exist : being unable to know the details of the DZERO computation , I have to accept the small approximation .
If I now take DZERO 's formula for the significance , I get the following numbers : So things agree , roughly .
But unfortunately , my calculation , and therefore also DZERO 's , is erroneous .
In fact , when one fits the data with the signal plus background hypothesis , : not just the normalization of the Gaussian signal , but also its mass .
DZERO is adamant on this point :
They would have told us if they had fixed the mass too , I presume .
So they are throwing in two degrees of freedom , and the calculation of the significance must now account for that , .
In other words , the more degrees of freedom you add to a function , the better you expect it to match your data points , and thus a much higher likelihood from the fit .
If we take that into account , here is what we get :
Ok , so it is still a 5 - sigma observation ...
Am I making too big of a deal about this detail ?
Well , no .
I think that the estimate of the significance of small signals is a very important point in the analysis of experimental data .
My belief must be shared by many , since pages are spent discussing these issues in several statistics books ; but most of all , the issue always deserves a discussion in the publications we see on new particles .
So accuracy is expected on these matters .
And to be sure , a 5.05 sigma fluctuation is five times more probable than a 5.4 sigma !
Since I believe that the above calculation will run into a few objections by my colleagues - and not all of them will be amicable - , for maximum transparency I have decided to make my code available to whomever wishes to call me a moron .
In fact , I may well have made a mistake , and if so , I would like it to be clarified at once , before entering a endless debate .
Science is so beautiful because there is truth somewhere , and it is actually accessible to us mortals !
Getting down to numbers and formulas , and making plain the details of calculations when these are available , will always end all arguments .
So here is my ROOT macro for the DZERO Omega_b signal fit .
If you download ROOT , you may be trying it by yourself in the matter of minutes .
Have fun !-
Deep down in this post , I take the liberty to say that there is actually another point to make about the DZERO signal , and about the calculation of the significance .
In fact , I believe that the significance of the signal is not even five standard deviations , as I have calculated above , but probably less .
That is because the small number of event candidates is subjected to non-Gaussian fluctuations .
I will discuss a more methodologically correct way to compute the significance very soon , when I will compare the DZERO signal with a similar result will be published by another experiment ...
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Massive investment in renewable energy could ultimately create 4 million manufacturing jobs .
But for the workers in the bottom rung of this movement , the shift to green jobs could very well mean a pay cut of nearly 60 % , a trend spreading across the entire manufacturing sector .
Many of the entry - level jobs making green energy components start at $ 12 an hour , much less than the now extinct $ 28 an hour job that had allowed high school - educated workers in the auto sector to achieve middle class status .
" Particularly at the lower end , these are not very good jobs , " said Philip Mattera , research director at Good Jobs First , a labor - friendly research group , also acknowledging that the renewable energy sector paid wages that were " all over the map . "
Americans are betting that molding steel wind turbines , slicing silicon for solar panels and making batteries for electric cars will put them back on top of the manufacturing game .
The 4 million new jobs , estimated by the University of California , Berkeley , would bring back more than half of all the manufacturing jobs lost in this country since the sector 's heyday in the late 1970s .
At a battery plant just outside Indianapolis , job growth could boom .
The plant is owned by EnerDel , the car battery division of Ener1 ( HEV ) .
Here , the company is racing to build a cost competitive battery for an all - electric car .
If it gets a government loan it 's applying for , the company plans on hiring up to 3,000 people .
That 's roughly what a big auto plant employs .
But $ 12 an hour is the starting wage for a production worker .
While the starting wages at EnerDel are lower than what the auto industry pays , company executives stressed salaries go up quickly as skill sets improve .
They also stressed a company like EnerDel employs lots of skilled workers too , from the electrical engineers needed to design the batteries to the mechanical engineers who build the machines .
A level pay scale .
The diversity of jobs in the renewable energy business is one thing supporters of green manufacturing tout .
They say people should look beyond the starting wages for labor when judging the industry .
" I can not think of an industry that has more diversity in wages , " said Jackie Roberts , director of sustainable technology at the Environmental Defense Fund .
Plus , $ 12 an hour is in - line with the average wage for an electronics assembler in the Indianapolis area , according to the Labor Department .
It 's a similar scene at a plant making silicon for solar panels up in Michigan .
Just outside of Saginaw , an executive at Hemlock Semiconductor would only say the company paid " competitive wages . "
But people in town said the non-union Hemlock plant paid around $ 10 an hour for unskilled production workers and $ 20 an hour for skilled ones .
Mike Hanley , president of the local United Auto Workers union , said he hoped green manufacturing will become more unionized going forward .
But he agreed that the wages at Hemlock were pretty good for the area .
Not just green industry .
Environmental Defense 's Roberts notes that besides new companies making things specifically for the renewable energy business , as is the case with EnerDel , there are also lots of manufacturing firms that make components for both the green and traditional industries .
" There are manufacturing jobs , " she said .
" They have the same wages as anyone making components for any other industry . "
That 's the case in Minster , Ohio , where the Minster Machine Company turns out both parts for wind turbines as well as machines for other the auto and food processing industries .
Inside the company 's massive iron foundry , workers start at $ 17.50 an hour whether they are pouring castings for a wind turbine hub or an auto stamping machine .
But the company 's president , John Winch , noted that in the long run , wages in the U.S. will probably come down as wages in the developing world come up - all part of the globalization process .
" The wage scale will probably be more dependent on what the world 's wage scale is , " said Winch .
Even in the auto industry , $ 28 - an - hour is no longer the starting wage .
Since 2007 the industry has had a two - tier wage system , meaning that when they start hiring again the new starting wage will be $ 14 an hour .
As you probably know , I got a Das Keyboard a little while ago , because my previous keyboard , which I liked very much , started getting a couple sticky keys .
Â
I 'll freely admit I 'm a keyboard snob , but I do n't think it 's terribly unreasonable given how much time I spend typing .
Â
Unfortunately , Das Keyboard has proven to be a complete piece of junk .
The action is great , the keyboard is attractive , it 's heavy ( no sliding ) .
Â
It 's on the loud side , no question , but it 's not terrible .
However , it does n't type in the right order .
Â
There is some sort of bug in it 's internal scanning that causes nearly - simultaneous keypresses to always be returned in a left - to - right order , regardless of what order they were actually pressed .
Â
And it 's not a " sometimes " thing , it 's perfectly repeatable .
When I first got the keyboard , I immediately noticed that I typed poorly with it .
Â
I did n't think much of it , since the action is quite a bit different than my last one , so I figured I just needed to get used to it .
Â
After a couple weeks , however , I was n't improving , and I started to notice certain patterns in my errors .
Â Â After a bit more observation , I realized that the errors were all related to the spatial orientation of the offending keys .
For example , the word " keyboard " has the pairs " ke " and " oa " within it .
Â
These pairs are special because they are each typed with one finger from each hand .
Â
As such , it 's very easy to type the letters in very rapid succession , even if you 're not a particularly speedy typist .
Â
Further , you 'll notice the right hand goes first .
The most damning example of this , of course , is the " he " , in the word " the " .
Â A close second is BACKSPACE and any printable character .
Â
In this case , rather than reversing the letters , the printable character gets scanned first ( all characters are left of the BACKSPACE ) , and then the BACKSPACE immediately deletes it , leaving the original erroneous character intact .
Being a fan of science , I wanted to demonstrate this more objectively .
Â
To remove the human factor ( at least most of it ) , I made a little test tool composed of two pencils strapped together with a pocket knife as a spacer .
Â
It puts the erasers exactly a key - width apart , so they 'll press down neighboring keys .
Â
More importantly , one pencil is slightly higher than the other , so while they 'll press down two keys , one key will be pressed slightly earlier than the other .
Using this tool , aligning the " leading " pencil over the ' a ' , and the " trailing " pencil over the 's ' , a series of drops will look like this ( taken with the tool , directly into the WordPress editor ) :
asasasasasasasasas
After flipping the pencil so the 's ' key has the " leading " pencil , a series of drops looks like this ( also taken directly into WordPress ) :
asasasasasasasas
As you can see , they are exactly the same ! ' a ' always preceeds 's ' , regardless of which order they are pressed in , as long as the separation between the two presses is small enough .
Â
This behaviour is not unique to the ' a ' and 's ' keys ; it happens all over the keyboard , as long as the second letter key is to the left of the first key .
Manually retarding the drop so that the key presses have a larger delay between them results in correct behaviour , as expected .
Needless to say , I 'm very disappointed in this supposedly " ultimate " keyboard .
Click above image to enlarge
Following up on our recent article announcing the finalists of the Slussen urban redesign competition , and news that Lord Norman Foster was awarded Prince of Asturias award , today it was announced that Foster +
Partners have been selected .
Images and text have been provided by the architects …
Foster + Partners and Berg Arkitektkontor , part of C.F. MÃ¸ller Architects , have been appointed to design a masterplan for the heart of Stockholm , transforming the waterfront area of Slussen from an urban aberration to a popular destination .
The proposal will bring new life to the area , linking the islands of SÃ¶dermalm and Gamla Stan and stripping away the layers of history to reclaim a valuable city quarter .
Click above image to enlarge
For so long separated by a maze of roads and acres of concrete , the two waterfronts will be linked by a new footbridge and the historic lock will be revealed once more to provide a symbol for the areaâ€™s regeneration .
The masterplan re-establishes the waterfront to give SÃ¶dermalm a new face .
While contemporary in concept , the buildings that form the new city blocks continue the grain and scale of the adjacent urban quarter , retaining the long street views to the water and defining new public squares and extensive waterfront promenades .
Their flexible nature allows for a rich mixture of uses , from culture and entertainment to shops and hotels , while the uninterrupted pedestrian quayside incorporates terraces , and promenades served directly by new cafÃ©s and restaurants .
Click above image to enlarge
At the heart of the new Slussen is an elegant footbridge , which fuses straight and S - shaped decks to complete the missing link in the north - south pedestrian route across central Stockholm .
The historic Katarinahissen will also be renovated and extended to serve the quayside level , with a new observation deck built at its top to offer spectacular views over the cityâ€™s archipelago .
Click above image to enlarge
Reversing the dominance of the car , the scheme gives priority to pedestrians and cyclists .
A new transport interchange is incorporated that allows easy pedestrian circulation between an upgraded metro station , bus station and the port quayside .
A new lightweight , transparent structure with kiosks , a cafÃ© and bicycle parking will also be created in front of the City Museum to provide street - level entrance to the naturally lit pedestrian mall and transport hub below .
Click above image to enlarge
Spencer de Grey , Head of Design at Foster +
Partners , said :
â€ œIâ€™m delighted that we have been appointed to design the masterplan for Slussen to revitalise this most important area for future generations to enjoy .
This is a wonderful opportunity to reinforce the links between Stockholmâ€™s central islands of SÃ¶dermalm and Gamla Stan , to repair the fabric of the city and to create a lively new destination that can be enjoyed at all times of the day and night.â€ 
Click above image to enlarge
Credit : University of Wisconsin and Michigan State Comparative Mammalian Brain Collections and the National Museum of Health and Medicine
Researchers have what they say is the first direct proof of a very old idea : that when we use a tool — even for just a few minutes — it changes the way our brain represents the size of our body .
In other words , the tool becomes a part of what is known in psychology as our body schema , according to a report published in the June 23rd issue of Current Biology .
" Since the origin of the concept of body schema , the idea of its functional plasticity has always been taken for granted , even if no direct evidence has been provided until now , " said Alessandro Farnč of INSERM and the Université Claude Bernard Lyon .
" Our series of experiments provides the first , definitive demonstration that this century - old intuition is true . "
In the new study , Farnč , Lucilla Cardinali , and their colleagues reasoned that if one incorporates a used tool into the body schema , his or her subsequent bodily movements should differ when compared to those performed before the tool was used .
Indeed , that is exactly what they saw .
After using a mechanical grabber that extended their reach , people behaved as though their arm really was longer , they found .
What 's more , study participants perceived touches delivered on the elbow and middle fingertip of their arm as if they were farther apart after their use of the grabbing tool .
People still went on using their arm successfully following after tool use , but they managed tasks differently .
That is , they grasped or pointed to object correctly , but they did not move their hand as quickly and overall took longer to complete the tasks .
It 's a phenomenon each of us unconsciously experiences every day , the researchers said .
The reason you were able to brush your teeth this morning without necessarily looking at your mouth or arm is because your toothbrush was integrated into your brain 's representation of your arm .
The findings help to explain how it is that humans use tools so well .
" We believe this ability of our body representation to functionally adapt to incorporate tools is the fundamental basis of skillful tool use , " Cardinali said .
" Once the tool is incorporated in the body schema , it can be maneuvered and controlled as if it were a body part itself . "
Explore further Pain is in the eyes of the beholder
Citation : Brain represents tools as temporary body parts , study confirms ( 2009 , June 22 ) retrieved 30 September 2020 from https://medicalxpress.com/news/2009-06-brain-tools-temporary-body.html
This document is subject to copyright .
Apart from any fair dealing for the purpose of private study or research , no part may be reproduced without the written permission .
The content is provided for information purposes only .
Source : Cell Press ( news
Getting to the new volcanic island was not a simple task .
First , I had to wait in New Zealand for Tropical Storm Lin to pass by Tonga .
The storm brought high winds and rain to the islands and knocked out power .
Gettinjg to the volcano during the tropical storm would 've been impossible .
Once I arrived in Nuku' Alofa ( at 2 AM ) , I headed directly to the boat that had been chartered .
It 's a good thing that I was exhausted or else I probably would n't have gone on board due to its general lack of sea worthiness .
The trip out to the volcano was supposed to take about 4 hours but since the boat only had 1 of 2 engines working , the trip took more than 10 hours in rough seas .
At one point , I was lying on a bench and a large swell came along and tipped the bench over , slamming my face into the corner of a table , giving me a bloody gash on one eyebrow and a nasty black eye .
Things would not improve .
We were towing a small aluminum boat with an outboard motor behind us .
This boat was going to be used as our landing craft and also doubled as our emergency lifeboat .
Less than halfway to the volcano , it came loose and started drifting away .
We circled back to retrieve it and a crew member ended up having to remain in the small boat for the rest of the journey to make sure we did n't lose it again .
He was out there for hours in the baking sun , with nothing but a piece of plywood held over his head as sun protection .
We finally arrived at Hunga Ha'apai at around 4 in the afternoon , with only a few hours of daylight left to get ashore , explore and film the volcano and get back to the boat before it got dark .
Myself , cameraman Peter Rowe and two crew members climbed aboard the smaller boat and tried to make it ashore but the seas were too rough and the shoreline was too rocky .
We tried using a kayak but it proved too unstable to transport our camera gear .
We finally decided to put everything into dry bags and swim ashore .
I stuffed my shirt and pants , along with my cameras into one of the bags and gave it to Peter .
I jumped in with the other bag and swam the 40 meters to shore .
It was a great relief to feel the loose gravel under my feet .
Peter was well behind me and there seemed to be a problem .
When he eventually made it to shore , the drybag with all my equipment and clothes was not with him .
It had flooded with sea water and had to be left back on the boat .
My 2 cameras inside were now ruined by the water and I had no clothes to put on .
It was getting late so we preceded to film with his cameras , but now here I was , standing on the newest island on Earth , getting ready to tell the world about it on camera and all I had on was my sandals , underwear and my bright orange life jacket ...
Oh well , I had no options so we continued exploring the new island .
The most interesting part was the steaming hot crater lake that had formed .
The island was only a few weeks old and the ground was still warm to the touch and had the potential to erupt again at any time with absolutely no warning at all .
The ground itself was also very unstable and was little more than a large pile of loose rock that was jutting above the sea .
It could 've collapsed and slid into the Pacific taking us with it .
As the light began to fade , we headed back to the shoreline to catch the small boat back but they were not there to greet us .
They had returned to the main boat and were dealing with still more problems .
This time the outboard motor was having trouble starting .
We waited and waved and shouted for almost an hour before they finally came within swimming range .
We dashed out into the sea and swam to the boat .
I wasted no time , especially since it was dusk which is prime feeding time for sharks and the cut on my eyebrow was not healed yet .
They threw me a rope and pulled me in but Peter was nowhere to be seen .
He had drifted off and now it was totally dark out .
Luckily , his life jacket had an emergency flashing beacon that we were able to spot .
It took a while to get the motor started , but we eventually caught up to him and hauled him in .
Back at the main boat , we were all glad that the mission had been accomplished ..
But the drama was not over yet ...
We began the painfully slow journey back to port but all did not go well .
In the middle of the night another problem in the engine room caused a hose for the cooling system to come loose and was filling the engine room with water .
The crew were desperately bailing it out with buckets .
The one remaining engine could 've easily overheated or the electrical system could 've shorted out or , if it had gone completely unnoticed , the boat could 've even filled up and sank .
To make matters worse , the small aluminum lifeboat that we were towing had come loose again and was totally lost at sea .
We had no emergency lifeboat at all now .
Needless to say , I was very thankful to be be back on dry , solid land the next day .
Sometimes adventure comes not from the destination , but from the journey .
Producer of DDR Naoki Maeda is a total rockstar .
His mannerisms , hair style and clothing made me have no doubt that he has been working on DDR since the first one .
This guy looked like you could hang out with him at a bar for hours and have a great time .
Check out the video above to watch him demo the new DDR on the Wii Balance board .
BTW .
I JUST caught this while importing this video .
WTF ?
DDR is going to Rickroll its players ?
With the protesters , or with the state ?
The charge of some on the left is that by backing the protesters , one is de facto drafted into the camp of the crooked neoliberals behind Mousavi 's campaign .
Moreover , it is claimed , since there has been no proof as yet of an electoral fraud , it is also to support a movement that rejects the popular will .
Such is the gist of the post that appears immediately below this one and , though I do n't think the manner of putting this argument reflects well on those who are making it , this does need to be discussed .
We admit that there can be no conclusive verdict on fraud in the Iranian elections short of a full and impartial investigation conducted by the Islamic Republic itself .
That such an investigation is not forthcoming , and that the only concession in this direction was prompted by the protests , suggests that the interests of veracity in this matter are best served by the popular revolts we have seen .
And if we decline to join those who are absolutely convinced that fraud was perpetrated , until matters become far more clear than they presently are , we equally refuse to align with those who take the contrary position as an article of faith .
The truth is , almost everything we are hearing on this topic from either side of the argument is hearsay and speculation .
We are told that a poll predicted the results , though it seems it did n't , and was at any rate taken before the campaign had really begun .
We are told that secret pre-election polling by the Iranian government predicted a massive win for Mousavi , though we have no way of telling how true this is , any more than we can verify the document circulating that purports to be a letter to Khamenei from the interior ministry confirming Mousavi 's win .
We are told that many of the regional results are hard to credit , but also that any statistical analysis at this point is inconclusive .
A preliminary analysis by a team led by Iranian historian Ali Ansari for Chatham House suggests that in two provinces , the supposed turnout was higher than 100 % .
The report asserts that to believe the results we have to make improbable assumptions about Ahmadinejad 's support .
In many areas , he gained not only all conservative votes , all new votes , and all centrist votes but additionally almost half of previously reformist voters .
Again , highly suggestive ( and I do recommend a thorough reading of the document ) , but not conclusive proof .
One could go on - secret polls , open polls , documents , pre-election violence , alleged irregularities , etc .
Plenty of grounds for concern , nothing conclusive .
Still , uncertain about the status of the recent elections , we are surely quite capable of discerning the grievances that led people - perhaps an overwhelming majority , we do n't know - to support the Mousavi candidacy , and which now leads them to risk their physical integrity by taking to the streets even after veiled threats from Khamenei .
What do the protesters want ?
We know what Mousavi wants .
There is no doubt that Mousavi stands for neoliberal economic policies , while also offering some political liberalisation to inspire progressive supporters .
Mousavi , who bore substantial political responsibility for pushing through the nationalisation programme in the 1980s , now supports further privatization , and is in favour of constitutional amendments to make this easier .
We also know that while Ahmadinejad initially expressed reservations about the agenda of liberalising state enterprises , one of his major planks of reform during his term was the proposal to privatise 80 % of state assets , half of the shares of which were to be distributed through the stock market , and half to be distributed to those with low incomes .
According to Kaveh Ehsani , despite the decision to distribute shares to the poor , the likely result is the radical reconstitution of wealth and political power on the Russian model post -1990 .
In 2007 , under Ahmadinejad , the scale of privatization reached a record high , with total sales of $ 5 bn .
So , the main difference between the candidates on this question has been over the nature and pace of the reforms .
It is also true that Mousavi wants to rein in the expansionary spending policies that have characterised Ahmadinejad 's government , in a bid to cut inflation .
It has been a complaint of some analysts that Ahmadinejad 's spending amounts to ' bribery ' , and of his internal critics that it was unsustainable splurging that led to stagnant growth and such high inflation rates that any benefit to the poor from such spending was immediately negated .
In truth , what Ahmadinejad 's development projects have entailed mainly enriching those sectors of Iranian capital most closely imbricated with the state .
His opponents think it more pragmatic to divert those oil profits into developing a more sizeable private sector .
That is the basis of this division .
Ahmadinejad 's clientelism obviously is not genuine defence of working class interests , nor has it been particularly effective as palliation .
Apart from the fact that the suppression of trade unionism does tend to somewhat diminish the bargaining power of labour a bit , the redistribution has n't really benefited Ahmadinejad 's supposed supporters in the rural poor whose incomes have stagnated .
Absolute poverty has not declined under Ahmadinejad , although it did under previous administrations - even under the neoliberal Khatami - while relative poverty has certainly increased .
( It 's possible that a slight change in inequality in 2007 favours Ahmadinejad 's regime , but equally possible that the change is nothing to do with Ahmadinejad 's policies , any more than the problems caused by high oil prices are necessarily his fault ) .
Overall , there is little to suggest that workers or even the very poor have a deep material interest in electing Ahmadinejad , any more than his opponent .
Does this mean that the protesters , or those who voted for Mousavi , wanted a neoliberal strategy rather than the conservative ' populism ' of Ahmadinejad ?
Does that range of options exhaust the range of popular opinion ?
There has been an assumption thus far that Ahmadinejad does well among the poor and working classes , while Mousavi 's supporters are ' middle class ' .
But one begins to see a problem with such terms as soon as you investigate what is meant by ' middle class ' .
According to this analyst , 46 % of the Iranian population is now middle class - but he defines " the middle class as being in a household with at least $ 10 per person per day expenditures ( PPP dollars ) and with at least a basic education ( primary ) . "
Now , if this reflects the common way in which the term is used , then marxists should be saying that what is actually happening is that large sectors of the working class backed the Mousavi camp .
Indeed , we have already seen the most politicised and organised sectors in the trade union movement also back the protesters ( they declined for obvious reasons to back any one candidate ) .
So , at the very least , the lazy assumptions about the class basis of the vote and of the protests merit re-examination .
In fact , the same analyst argues that a substantial layer of this supposed middle class vote comprises young unemployed people .
If you 're unemployed , by my book , you probably should n't be called ' middle class ' .
As far as this layer goes , we 're talking about young , educated workers who are suffering in the economy and who lack the democratic right to do anything about their situation .
They see no future from themselves in the current set - up .
That is certainly a class grievance , but it can hardly be reduced to a petulant middle class cultural complaint - it's not the Gucci crowd , because you can't buy Guccis on $ 10 a day .
While we appreciate the scepticism that some people entertain about these protests , and understand the reasons for this , the condescending claims and gratuitously nasty language about them does not bear examination .
It actually redounds to the massive discredit of those using such rhetoric when the protesters are being murdered in the streets , with far less money and social power to their being than any of those who are deriding them as yuppies .
Further , from all that we are able to glean about the protests and their demands , the focus is overwhelmingly on changing the undemocratic nature of the Iranian state , going much further in their demands than Mousavi or his elite backers are prepared to go - abolishing the apparatus of repression , stopping the death penalty , stopping political imprisonments , democratising the state , abolishing the Council of Guardians .
All these are the demands that we have seen repeated during this period , and none of them were adocated by Mousavi .
The idea that the protests are just a flash mob for the crooked neoliberal sector of the elite is unsustainable .
The question of whether , in practise , all these protests do is strengthen one faction of the ruling class will be decided to a large extent by the protesters themselves .
There is a huge generational shift underlying these protests , and that means that even if the present wave were to fizzle out - which I do n't think is likely - it is likely to recur in even more militant forms .
So , the question is whether the protesters can take the independence in ideas and action that they have already exhibited and turn it into lasting movement .
It is true that the left should have no illusions about this .
There is no necessary reason why such a movement will take on a leftist hue .
It has n't so far .
Only by engaging in the movement could the left hope to shift it in that direction .
Far more important , however , is that the democratic demands and the bravery of those pushing for such changes , are worthy of support and solidarity in themselves .
It is n't good enough to say that because Mousavi is a neoliberal , therefore the protests deserve no support .
It is n't good enough to sniffily denounce the ' western left ' on behalf of the supposedly univocal figure of the Iranian worker , the poor , or - as in the post below - Muslims .
Especially since Muslims , the Iranian working class , many poor Iranians , can not be counted on as allies of either Ahmadinejad or the Iranian state .
Your enjoyment of The Conduit is going to depend directly upon whether or not you 're picking up what the Wii is dropping .
It 's a good - looking Wii game , which to some people on the Internet is still like calling I'm A Celebrity , Get Me Out of Here the least obnoxious reality show on TV .
The mouse and the keyboard , and even the controllers of the other two systems , may be more precise .
But what those games are missing is the Wii's motion - control functions , and yes , they certainly add much to a standard first - person shooter .
Title The Conduit Developer High Voltage Software Publisher Sega Price $ 49.99 Shop.ars Platform Nintendo Wii
The game does n't ask you to meet it halfway .
It gives you every possible control option and then opens itself up so you can configure your own control scheme .
That includes the limited ability to assign motion - based commands .
You can even move aspects of the heads - up display around , change the speed of your character , and turn off the blurring effect that happens when you reload .
This game does n't want to tell you how to play ; it really wants to get along with you .
Other than confident use of the Wiimote and some neat graphical tricks , the Conduit does n't offer much in the way of surprises .
You 'll fight your way through each level , taking on both human and nonhuman foes , and you 'll find the expected weapons along the way .
Some feel more powerful than others , but everyone will find something he or she likes .
My one complaint is that grenades feel somewhat underpowered , and since I 'm a grenade - happy fool , that 's a major letdown .
The story does n't offer anything new , but it is pleasantly reminiscent of the original Nintendo 64 Perfect Dark .
The action may be a linear set of gunfights , but you 'll also be given use of the ASE — the all - seeing eye — and you 'll use that floating , orb - like device to find hidden objects and secret passages , and to unlock certain doors .
Using the ASE to explore the levels and find all the secrets — and there will be hidden discs in each level that require use of the ASE in order to unlock everything — gives some areas a slower pace that works well .
Some sections will feature hidden organic mines that will blow up if you do n't disarm them with the ASE .
The story is over a little too quickly — seven hours or so will see you through — but the multiplayer is quite the nightcap .
Support for up to 12 players , the WiiSpeak peripheral for trash - talking , and a comfortable array of game modes and options will keep you playing for a long , long time .
Some may be turned off at how different the game feels from other shooters ( and it 's funny to imagine all those players waving controllers at the screen ) but once you warm up to it , using the Wiimote to spray shotgun shells at the heads of other players brings its own rewards .
Lag has yet to be an issue in the dozen or so games I 've played , although the friend code mess Nintendo still insists upon continues to rankle .
What sets High Voltage Software apart is that it took the Nintendo Wii seriously as a platform , and the team tightened the controls until they screamed .
Then it opened them up so you can have it your way .
The multiplayer mode is also something to be proud of , and the single - player game is not a bad way to spend an afternoon or two .
The haters will continue to hate because it does n't look as good as 360 or PS3 games , and some will continue to turn up their noses at the idea of the motion controls , but the fact is that The Conduit brought an actual , honest - to - goodness , high - class first - person shooter title to a system that badly needed it .
The people dumping on it are taking out their frustrations on the system , not the game .
Do n't let them scare you away from a good time ... not to mention the vocal stylings of one Kevin Sorbo .
It can be campy , and the violence can be more brutal than the Teen rating may let on ( due to the controls ) but this is good stuff .
If you a see a plot twist or two coming , there are worse things in life .
Verdict : Buy
( CNN ) --
Cyber criminals are setting snares that move at the speed of news .
Savvy cyber criminals are taking advantage of our increasing reliance on computers and the Internet .
Panda Security , a Spain - based antivirus maker , has been monitoring an onslaught of links with malicious software , or " malware , " on Twitter that tag hot topics such as the Air France crash , the NBA finals , " American Idol " runner - up Adam Lambert and the new iPhone .
" Cyber criminals have been targeting Twitter users by creating thousands of messages ( tweets ) embedded with words involving trending topics and malicious URLs , " Sean - Paul Correll , a threat researcher for Panda Labs , wrote recently on a blog for the company .
The growing sophistication of malware attacks mirrors the growing threat -- and cash -- generated by online crime .
Already , cyber crime is estimated to cost companies and consumers more than $ 100 billion worldwide .
Some officials claim it has now eclipsed illegal drugs as a criminal moneymaker .
" It 's very seldom reported ... if discovered by companies , they generally do n't want the public to know they 've been had , " said Eugene Spafford , a computer security specialist at Purdue University who has advised two U.S. presidents and numerous companies and government agencies .
Cyber crime is one of the few industries benefiting from the financial crisis .
Last year , antivirus maker McAfee saw a 500 percent increase in malware types -- more than the company had seen in the previous five years combined .
In the United States , the FBI reported a 33 percent increase in Internet crime last year .
Companies lost an average of $ 4.6 million in intellectual property last year , according to a survey of 1000 firms worldwide by Purdue University and McAfee .
" As the economy has declined , we 've seen the threat landscape increase , " David DeWalt , president and CEO of McAfee , recently told Richard Quest for CNN International 's " Quest Means Business . "
That increase has helped antivirus makers such as McAfee snare record returns -- the company 's first quarter profits were 21 percent higher than same period last year .
But companies and governments find themselves in a losing war with Web - savvy criminals , experts say .
" The fundamental fact is cyber criminals are highly organized with sophisticated corporate structures and business chains , " said Michael Fraser , director of the Communications Law Centre at the University of Technology Sydney in Australia .
" They have R&D departments , strong distribution networks and Web sites for the discerning cyber criminal , " Fraser said .
On these Web sites , would - be criminals can purchase toolkits to learn how to side step security measures or create their own " botnet " -- referring to software that can , unbeknownst to victims , turn their computers into spamming foot - soldiers for criminal networks .
One
Web site advertises software that can capture information for a popular Internet secured - payment provider for $ 500 -- discounted to $ 400 for the first 100 buyers .
Skimmed credit card numbers and other personal - identity information stolen from computers also can be found for sale on Web sites , Fraser said .
" When police shut these Web sites down , they just mushroom up some other place , " he said .
Although the techniques of cyber crime have evolved , online criminals prey on human vulnerabilities like criminals throughout the ages .
In the digital age , that means tempting with free downloads , money schemes and pornography .
The range of tools used by cyber criminals reveals the quick evolution of the industry .
Viruses -- the first generation of the computer culprits -- are used for the computer equivalent of vandalism , as the malicious programs replicate , spread and damage computers .
" When the company was set up , we were seeing two or three new viruses a week , " said Mahendra Negi , chief financial officer of Tokyo - based antivirus maker Trend Micro .
" Now there 's a new one every two - and - a - half seconds .
" With the arrival of spam in 2001 and 2002 , the big difference was it was commercial malware , " Negi said .
" Once money became involved , the level of sophistication raised a hundred - fold . "
Now the biggest threats include " phishing " schemes and " botnet " attacks .
Phishing is where criminals masquerade as a legitimate business or Web site and trick victims into revealing passwords , credit card information and other personal data .
Botnet attackers commandeer personal computers as part of a large network of " zombie " computers that , on command , target companies for spam attacks to cripple IT capabilities .
Botnets -- some of which are large enough to deploy tens of billions of spam e-mails a day -- are often used in extortion schemes .
" They ring up the IT manager of a company and say , ' Pay us a million or we 'll take you down ' , " said Fraser , who has worked with companies victimized by botnet attacks .
Companies often pay up and shut up , computer experts say , rather than report the crime and garner publicity that may hurt their corporate reputation .
And unlike prankster virus - makers , these malware makers are determined to stay hidden .
" Once it became a business , then ( cyber criminals ) began to look at what companies like us were doing , and figure out weaknesses , " he said .
" They are very customer friendly ... they sell updates , they will highlight what the product does and what antivirus software can't detect them .
Adding to the difficulty is the legal situation that in many jurisdictions , it is not illegal to create or sell malware .
" It 's like the arms industry ... it 's not a crime to build and sell them , " Negi said .
And because of the transnational nature of the crime , it 's extremely difficult to prosecute .
A scan of 500 headlines on Internet - related arrests from newspapers around the world the past two years found about 90 percent were related to child - pornography cases .
" Child pornography is easier to prosecute because it is possible to find the evidence on the perpetrator 's computer systems , " said Spafford of Purdue University .
Cyber - criminal networks are as porous as the Internet itself .
" There are multiple jurisdictions and unless it's an ongoing crime that uses the same path all the time , the trail goes cold quickly , " Spafford said .
" I may be able to trace back to a computer system , if I 'm lucky , or trace it back to a cyber cafe -- but how do I know who was behind it ? "
Often criminal networks are run in countries such as Russia and China , where government officials turn a blind eye to these activities -- so long as their victims reside outside the host country , Spafford said .
" For the host countries , that 's dangerous ... it 's kind of like breeding tigers in the back yard and saying , ' Well , they have n't hurt anyone here yet , ' " he said .
" Mexico is a wonderful example ... they tolerated drug smugglers for years , and now it 's such a major problem and incredibly painful and costly to run them out .
" I 'm not saying ( cyber criminals ) are involved in physical violence , but it 's not out of the realm of possibility , " he said .
" What are they doing with all that money ? "
All About Twitter Inc. • Internet • Computer Crime
By Pallab Ghosh
Science correspondent , BBC News
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Neil Armstrong missed out an " a " and did not say " one small step for a man " when he set foot on the Moon in 1969 , a linguistic analysis has confirmed .
The researchers show for the first time that he intended to say " a man " and that the " a " may have been lost because he was under pressure .
They say that although the phrase was not strictly correct , it was poetic .
And in its rhythm and the symmetry of its delivery , it perfectly captured the mood of an epic moment in history .
There is also new evidence that his inspirational first words were spoken completely spontaneously - rather than being pre-scripted for him by Nasa or by the White House .
FROM THE TODAY PROGRAMME Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from Today programme
In the recording of Neil Armstrong 's iconic phrase he says : " One small step for man .
One giant leap for mankind " .
However , " man " and " mankind " mean much the same thing in this context .
But on returning to Earth , he explained that he thought he had said " one small step for a man " .
Explanations offered for the discrepancy are that perhaps transmission static wiped out the " a " or that Commander Armstrong 's Ohio accent meant that his " a's " were spoken softly .
In 2006 , an analysis by an Australian entrepreneur added credence to these explanations - as it found there was a gap for the " a " .
However , subsequent analyses disputed this conclusion .
To settle the argument , Dr Chris Riley , author of the new Haynes book Apollo 11 , An Owner 's Manual , and forensic linguist John Olsson carried out the most detailed analysis yet of Neil Armstrong 's speech patterns .
Mr Armstrong said he thought he had said " one small step for a man "
They are presenting the research at the Cheltenham Science Festival this week .
" For me that phrase is of great significance , " said Dr Riley .
" It has been an important part of my life and those words sum up much of the optimism of the later part of the 20th Century . "
Using archive material of Neil Armstrong speaking , recorded throughout and after the mission , Riley and Olsson also studied the best recordings of the Apollo 11 mission audio ever released by Nasa .
They have been taken from the original magnetic tape recordings made at Johnson Space Center , Houston , which have recently been re-digitised to make uncompressed , higher - fidelity audio recordings .
These are discernibly clearer than earlier , more heavily compressed recordings used by the Australian investigation .
These clearer recordings indicate that there was not room for an " a " .
A voice print spectrograph clearly shows the " r " in " for " and " m " in " man " running into each other .
The researchers say the Australian analysis may not have picked up the fact that Armstrong drawled the word " for " so that it sounded like " ferr " and mistook the softly spoken " r's " for a gap .
" It 's perfectly clear that there was absolutely no room for the word ' a ' , " Mr Olsson explained .
The " Eagle " made its historic descent to the Moon on 20 July 1969
Riley and Olsson also concluded that Commander Armstrong and his family members do pronounce the word " a " in a discernible way .
And based on broadcasts from Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin from the surface of the Moon , it is clear that the word " a " was easily transmitted to Earth without being obliterated .
But their analysis of the intonation of the phrase strongly suggests Commander Armstrong had intended to say " a man " .
There is a rising pitch in the word " man " and a falling pitch when he says " mankind " .
According to Mr Olsson : " This indicates that hes doing what we all do in our speech , he was contrasting using speech - indicating that he knows the difference between man and mankind and that he meant man as in ' a man ' not ' humanity ' . "
There has also been speculation that Neil Armstrong was reading from a pre-prepared script penned for him by another party .
According to Mr Olsson , that is not borne out by Armstrong 's body language and speech patterns .
This is one of the few images of Armstrong on the Moon
" When you look at the pictures , you see that he 's moving as he is speaking .
He says his first word ' that 's ' at the moment he puts his foot on the ground .
When he says ' one giant leap for mankind ' , he moves his body , " he said .
" As well as this , there is no linking conjunction such as ' and ' or ' but ' between the two parts of the sentence .
So it 's for all those reasons that we think this is a completely spontaneous speech . "
It may well have been that spontaneity that led to Armstrong 's slight mistake .
But according to Mr Olsson - Armstrong may have subconsciously drawn from his poetic instincts to utter a phrase that , far from being incorrect - was perfect for the moment .
" When you look at the whole expression there 's a symmetry about this .
If you put the word ' a ' in , it would totally alter the poetic balance of the expression , " he explained .
This makes Dr Riley feel that the research has made a positive contribution to the story of the Apollo mission .
" Im pleased we 've been able to contribute in this way and have hopefully drawn a line under the whole thing as a celebration of Neil and everyone involved with Apollo , rather than this constant little niggling criticism , " he said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Investing in a disco ride for your amusement park will be a very wise investment .
It is a popular carnival ride , one that has been around for decades .
In recent years , upgrades have made them faster and safer than ever before .
If you have one now , you may want to consider getting a new one .
If you do not have one at your carnival , it is certainly an item that you should invest in if you would like to attract more patrons to your facility .
To get the very best amusement disco ride ( Купить аттракцион диско ) , here are all of the options that you should focus on to get the best deal .
Where To Locate Companies That Sell Them
You may want to begin with industrial websites that are showcasing businesses that sell this equipment .
They will likely have a section where amusement park rides ( продажа аттракционов для парка ) are featured on a regular basis .
Another possibility is to search the web for carnival rides and you will locate many manufacturers that will have their websites and showcase every product that they own and sell .
Finally , if you have any connections in the carnival industry , they may have some recommendations for you regarding people they have worked with in the past .
What Do You Do Once You Find These Companies ?
Once you have several businesses that are selling carnival rides , simply find the disco ride section .
This will enable you to evaluate the different options that they have .
For example , they will likely have those that are more expensive , less expensive , and will be designed in different sizes and diameters .
Consider the lighting , music system , and how fast they are able to go .
These configurations will help you in determining which one will be the best one for your amusement park .
However , there is one final part of this decision - making process .
How To Obtain A Good Price On A Disco Ride
To get the best price , you must learn to negotiate with these companies .
Although they may not lower the price on their newer models , they may have older models that you will be interested in .
You may also want to mention that other companies have lower prices as you are contacting each one .
This tends to be a prime motivator , enabling you to get an even better price .
Eventually , you will settle on one particular disco ride that is the right size at a price that you can afford .
Deciding on the very best amusement disco ride does n’t have to be a difficult process .
There are so many companies that sell these today .
You will find one that will have all of the features and benefits that you are looking for .
It will also originate from a business that you can trust .
As long as all of these factors line up , you will have already made your decision .
It ’s a simple matter of making the purchase and having it delivered .
It will certainly inspire people to visit your amusement park once you have one of the latest disco rides for them to use .
25 Free People Search Engines to Find Anyone
I ’ve been in this people search industry for over 3 years now and while researching , I found many free , high quality free people search engines to help you reconnect with friends , family , school friends or any other person from your past ( or , in other words , find anyone for free online . )
So I decided to put them in one huge list .
Here they are :
Free People Search – Check if the Person is Online
1. eVerify ( great for searching people from the US )
What does it do : eVerify filis also one of my favorites free people search engines .
They get their data from various sources and display them on one page where you can see online profiles , blog posts that person made , archives and other valuable information .
2. AddressSearch
What does it do :
This is a pretty new and neat people search service .
You can search by name and find the email of someone .
However , there ’s a ( nice ) catch : you cannot view the full email but can always send a message to the person via their system .
The best thing : unlike most of the sites here , this one is ( so far ) 100 % free .
3. Facebook Friend Search and Friend Browser ( login required )
What does it do : Facebook is free to search and also free to register ( yeah , I bet you did n’t know this 🙂 ) .
They recently introduced a new feature called “ Friend Browser ” ( link above , you need to be logged in to access this feature ) where you can easily find friends from high school , your previous workplace and so on .
You can also use the standard “ Friend Search ” ( first link above ) and browse over 500 million active members .
4. KGBPeople
What does it do : I found this new and extremely useful resource several weeks ago .
KGBPeople is a very robust engine for finding people and their social networking accounts , web data , pictures and so on .
5 . Tweepz
What does it do : Search for people on Twitter by name , profession , religious background and many other criteria .
Twitter grows every day and so the number of people registered there .
6. Spokeo
What does it do : Spokeo supports locating individuals by name and username .
Unfortunately , searching by phone and email is not free ( but you have many sites below which do just that ! )
7. Lullar ( great for reverse email lookup )
What does it do : Lullar is not well - known reverse email and username search engine .
I really like their ability to do a reverse email lookup ( using the 16 most popular social networking sites ) and have n’t found any free website doing a better job on this .
8. Username Check
What does it do :
If you know that the person you ’re searching for has an unique username you can use this tool to search by that criteria and see where is he registered .
9. TinEye
What does it do : With TinyEye you can search by PICTURE .
Yeah , I ’m serious .
If you have a picture of a person and you want to see where that picture appears elsewhere on the web this is a great tool .
They currently index 1 billion images … and this is a very small proportion of the web but the index grows rapidly every month .
So use this tool only if you have a lot of pictures of the individual .
10 . Yasni
What does it do : Yasni is a mind - blowing resource that you can use to find people by name .
Pretty decent resource if you ask me .
Find Classmates & Workplace and Military Friends
11 . Jigsaw
What does it to :
Do you know where the person you ’re looking for was / is currently working at ?
In that case , you can use Jigsaw ( which is probably the biggest business directory ) to search by company and find that person ’s phone number .
12 . Alumni.net
What does it do : Alumni provides a list of alumni websites all over the world to help find your classmates .
It is the biggest website on the internet of its kind .
13 . Classmates
What does it do : Classmates is a big people search engine to help you find your friends from college , workplace and military .
14 . ZoomInfo
What does it do : Zoominfo will search for large range of employees for different companies .
Use this site to find professionals and workplace friends .
Find People using White Pages Directories
15 . White Pages
What does it do :
White Pages is the most popular directory to search for a person ’s addresses and phone numbers .
You can also do a reverse phone and address search so if you know the address or the phone , you can easily find the name .
16 . AnyWho
What does it do : I ’ve found AnyWho , although it has a smaller database than WhitePages , it containts some information about people that White Pages does not currently have .
So I recommend you use them in a combination .
17 . ZabaSearch
What does it do :
This is a quite different website than the previous two .
Here you can also find addresses and phone numbers like in Anywho and Whitepages .
Sometimes they display different data than White Pages , but that is not often .
Find Maiden Names and Relatives
18 . PeopleFinders.ws
What does it do :
If you go on People Finders.ws and start searching , you ’ll find the potential relatives of the person you ’re looking for and their approximate age .
You will also see the possible roommates / associates .
Powerful stuff .
19 . US Search
What does it do :
This is a website for background check and it is not free .
However there are some excellent free functions they provide and that ’s why I put it in the list .
If you type a person ’s name , in the results you ’ll see previous names of the person .
Often if you ’re looking for a married female you can find her maiden name this way ( or if you do n’t know her married but know the maiden name . )
You will also see previous locations where that person lived .
Really great addition to 123 people .
Find People using Public Records
20 . Public Records Finder
What does it do :
If you scroll down below you ’ll see a list of public records by state .
There you have thousands of websites that provide free public records .
21 . Infobel
What does it do : Infobel is by far the world ’s largest directory of white pages resources .
Use it for international people search .
22 . Ancestry – Social Security Death Index
What does it do : Search people by their social security number and see if they ’re still alive .
Or you can use this search engine to find deceased people and do further research .
23 . Criminal Searches
What does it do :
This is the only free criminal records engine .
You can search for a person and see if he has a criminal record .
Find People Using General Search Engines
24 . Google People Search
What does it do :
You can use Google to enter a phone number ( this is only for United States ) and it will give you the owner of that number .
You can also search for a person using Google .
Just make sure you surround the first and last name in quotes .
So , write “ John Smith ” instead of John Smith .
25 . Yahoo People Search
What does it do :
Yahoo uses their search engine to find people for you .
It is a great resource .
So those are the top 25 free people search engines to find anyone no matter where they ’re from .
Which is the best ?
There ’s no best engine here .
They all have their advantages and disadvantages .
So the more you use , the bigger the chances are you ’re going to find the person you ’re looking for .
Good luck !
The dropping of the Call of Duty title from Modern Warfare 2 may have looked like a good idea at first , but it now seems this was n’t as great as first thought .
According to tracking firm OTX , Modern Warfare 2 has lost a considerable chunk of brand awareness by dropping the Call of Duty moniker .
OTX has said that Activision may damage retail chances by up to 20 % .
Nick Williams , of OTX , had this to say :
“ Up until the beginning of May , OTX had been tracking the title as Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 2 .
More specifically , we asked a representative group of gamers in the U.S. whether or not they had heard of Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 2 . ”
He continued with this :
“ At that time , approximately 40 percent of all gamers in the U.S. claimed that they had heard of this title .
However , once it became clear that Activision was positioning the title as Modern Warfare 2 , OTX removed ‘ Call of Duty ’ from the consumer survey , and the awareness levels dropped to 20 percent .
In other words , the Call of Duty brand association essentially doubles the awareness for the game .
That is quite a remarkable statistic . ”
Recently , Activision made a statement that they would drop support for all PlayStation platforms , unless a PS3 price drop was made .
You can read about that story here .
[ Source ]
smem memory reporting tool
smem is a tool that can give numerous reports on memory usage on Linux systems .
Unlike existing tools , smem can report proportional set size ( PSS ) , which is a more meaningful representation of the amount of memory used by libraries and applications in a virtual memory system .
Because large portions of physical memory are typically shared among multiple applications , the standard measure of memory usage known as resident set size ( RSS ) will significantly overestimate memory usage .
PSS instead measures each application 's " fair share " of each shared area to give a realistic measure .
smem has many features :
system overview listing
listings by process , mapping , user
filtering by process , mapping , or user
configurable columns from multiple data sources
configurable output units and percentages
configurable headers and totals
reading live data from / proc
reading data snapshots from directory mirrors or compressed tarballs
lightweight capture tool for embedded systems
built - in chart generation
smem has a few requirements :
a reasonably modern kernel (> 2.6.27 or so )
a reasonably recent version of Python ( 2.4 or so )
the matplotlib library for chart generation ( optional , auto - detected )
Sample output
Here are some smem graphs showing how RSS exaggerates memory usage .
Note how apps that share libraries are over - reported on the RSS side and nearly vanish on the PSS side .
The X server is also shares memory heavily , it 's real memory usage is about 5 times smaller .
Using smem
Show basic process information smem
Show library - oriented view smem -m Show user - oriented view smem -u Show system view smem -R 4G - K / path / to/vmlinux -w Show totals and percentages smem -t -p
Show different columns smem -c " name user pss " Sort by reverse RSS smem -s rss -r Show processes filtered by mapping smem -M libxml Show mappings filtered by process smem - m - P [ e] volution Read data from capture tarball smem -- source capture.tar.gz
Show a bar chart labeled by pid smem -- bar pid -c " pss uss " Show a pie chart of RSS labeled by name smem -- pie name -s rss
Getting smem
To get the latest release version , click here .
The latest source code can be grabbed from smem 's Mercurial repository here with the command :
hg clone http://selenic.com/repo/smem
Feedback
Write to the smem list at smem@selenic.com .
We are sucker for creative advertisements , particularly those that convey messages with a sense of humor or deliver ideas in ways we have never expected .
Here are something light to digest for the weekend surfers – 60 + creative and smart advertisements we ’ve collected around the web .
Some of these advertisements come in series , click on the #number to view more .
You might also be interested in these following articles :
Wonderbra – You have 918915 friend requests
Terra News –
Be the second one to know .
Motorola – Ming8 , Now with GPS , thankfully .
CareerBuilder.com – Do n’t Jump
Chevrolet – A designated driver is Death ’s worst nightmare .
013 Netvision – Extremly fast internet .
Axe Shower Gel –
If you use a woman ’s soap , you ’ll smell like one .
Berlitz Language School – Now you understand English .
Apple iPod – Play your music .
Brighton Language School – Fix your broken English .
Nikon S60 Camera – Detects up to 12 faces .
Mambocino Coffee Co – Cialdi , Extra Strong .
Bootcamps Australia – Make fitness part of your life .
Samsung MP3 Player
Allianz Insurance –
It is hard to protect yourself from hail .
But easy to ensure .
Nissan
WWF – When you leave the light on , you ’re not the only one who pays .
WWF – How tough is one hour without light ?.
Volkswagen Crafter
Sony Alpha900 DSLR – Capture the truth with a 24.6 megapixel Alpha90 .
Sanyo Xacti CA8 Digital Underwater Camera –
See what ’s under the sea .
Polish Chamber of Tourism – We ’ve already been in your place .
It ’s time for you to visit us .
Make history – Visit Poland .
NIKE ACG – Heavy as a feather .
Levi’s Low Rise
Lenovo – The Lenovo IdeaPad comes with Face Recognition Security .
Coop ’s Paint – Life in full color .
Oxygo Gym – Long time no see .
Dash Courier – The Carolinas ’ most reliable same day delivery service .
DIRECTV Plus – Watch it when you want to .
Heineken – History is made in Rome .
If you ’re interested in the PS3 exclusive DLC that Eidos has planned for Arkham Asylum , well we ’ve got great news for you .
Eidos has confirmed that it wo n’t cost you anything to play as the crazy one himself , The Joker , in the upcoming Batman game .
He will be available as free DLC .
So those of you who pick the game up , do n’t hesitate to play as the funny man !
[ Source ]
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
A former death row inmate in Tennessee has been cleared of murder , three years after the Supreme Court raised repeated questions about his conviction .
After 22 years on death row , Paul House was released on bail and has now been cleared of murder charges .
State prosecutors on Tuesday asked a judge to drop all charges against Paul House , who was convicted of murder and sentenced to die in 1986 .
Special Judge Jon Blackwood accepted the request .
House had been scheduled to be retried next month for the 1985 murder of Carolyn Muncey .
He had been on death row for 22 years but was released on bail last year .
He has multiple sclerosis and must use a wheelchair .
The high court ruled in June 2006 that House was entitled to a new hearing .
" Although the issue is closed , we conclude that this is the rare case where -- had the jury heard all the conflicting testimony -- it is more likely than not that no reasonable juror viewing the record as a whole would lack reasonable doubt , " wrote Justice Anthony Kennedy for the 5 - 3 majority .
House 's appeal was championed by the Innocence Project , affiliated with the Cardozo School of Law in New York .
" In the three years since the U.S. Supreme Court stepped into this case and sent it back to the trial court , substantial additional DNA testing and further investigation have shown that he is innocent , " said Peter Neufeld , the group 's co-director .
" Each time a layer of this case was peeled away , it revealed more evidence of Paul House 's innocence . "
Muncey disappeared from her rural Luttrell , Tennessee , home on July 13 , 1985 .
Her body was found a day later , badly beaten and showing signs of a struggle .
She had been raped .
House , who was on parole at the time as a sex offender , was questioned by police .
He denied any involvement in the crime .
He was a friend of Muncey 's husband , but claimed he was in his own house several miles away the evening of the murder .
But prosecutors found a hole in his alibi , discovering that he had left his home the night of the murder and returned about an hour later with unexplained cuts and bruises .
Forensic evidence found Muncey 's blood on House 's jeans , but questions were later raised whether the samples were contaminated en route to an FBI lab for analysis .
Subsequent state - of - the art DNA testing conducted after the conviction showed that semen on the victim belonged to her husband , not House .
Blood under her fingernails and cigarette butts discovered near the wooded crime scene also did not match the accused .
But prosecutors maintain that other evidence points to his guilt .
Muncey 's family has also continued to believe that House was involved in the crime .
In 2005 , House told CNN he did not rape or kill Muncey , and he wondered why he was still on death row .
" I guess that 's the million - dollar question , " he said .
While maintaining his innocence , he said that lying to police about his whereabouts that night was a big mistake .
Kennedy , in his 2006 high court ruling , offered an extensive summary of the facts of the investigation , especially the DNA evidence , which he said might point to " a different suspect . "
Kennedy said jurors might conclude that Muncey 's blood found on House 's pants may have inadvertently spilled there during the autopsy or through mishandling by police at the crime scene .
District Attorney Paul Phillips wrote in his petition this week that he still believes
House could have been convicted again in a new trial , " but the new evidence ( including the forensic examinations ) raises a reasonable doubt that he acted alone and the possibility that others were involved in the crime . "
But Phillips noted the " substantial sentence "
House has served as another reason for the charges being dropped now .
All About U.S. Supreme Court • Capital Punishment
News , views and top stories in your inbox .
Do n't miss our must - read newsletter Sign up Thank you for subscribing
We have more newsletters
Show me See our privacy notice Invalid Email
It looks like a circus trick , but this tiny set of wheels could be the world 's smallest roadworthy car .
The mini motor , only 39 inches high and 26 inches wide , started life as a Postman Pat children 's ride .
But car fanatic Perry Watkins has transformed it into the most compact , if not most comfortable , car in the country .
Perry , 47 , reinforced the fibreglass shell with a steel frame and mounted it on a mini quad bike .
He added mirrors , windscreen wipers , lights , mock racing exhaust pipes and go - faster flames .
Now Perry hopes the nippy 150 cc engine will race him to a place in the record books .
The vehicle is perfectly legal .
It is taxed as a quad bike so Perry can drive it on public roads .
But at six feet tall , the sales director , of Wingrave , Bucks , is better off sticking to his company Jag . .
This has n't gotten too much coverage in the blogosphere , but I just want to note her that at her doctor 's request , actress Mia Farrow has just ended a 12 - day fast undertaken to draw attention to the plight of Darfur .
She 's right , what 's happening in Darfur is so massively horrendous , and the response of the Western world so inadequate , it seems to call for some sort of large gesture .
I 'm only sorry people seem so very disinterested :
UNITED NATIONS , May 8 ( Reuters ) - Actress Mia Farrow , ailing after almost two weeks on a hunger strike , announced on Friday that British billionaire Richard Branson would take over her protest in solidarity with people in Sudan 's Darfur region .
A Farrow spokesman said her health had deteriorated in the past few days and her doctor requested that she end the liquids - only fast she began 12 days ago to protest at Khartoum 's expulsion of more than a dozen aid agencies from Darfur .
Farrow asked Branson to take over the fast , her statement said , adding that the British entrepreneur had accepted and would begin a three - day hunger strike on Friday .
" I 'm honoured to be taking over the fast for the next three days , " the founder of the Virgin Group said in a statement on his blog .
" We can not stand and watch as 1 million people suffer .
We all need to stand up and demand that international aid is restored and that the people of Darfur are protected and given the chance to live in peace . "
Farrow 's spokesman said last month that her doctor expected the slightly built actress could not fast for more than three weeks .
Farrow , who was appointed Goodwill Ambassador for the U.N. children 's agency UNICEF in 2000 , has been campaigning for years to raise funds for children in conflict zones such as Darfur , Democratic Republic of the Congo , Haiti , Chad and Nigeria .
The International Criminal Court issued a warrant for the arrest of Sudanese President Omar Hassan al - Bashir in March , charging him with masterminding mass killings and deportations in Darfur in western Sudan .
Since then , Sudan has expelled 13 foreign and three domestic humanitarian aid agencies , accusing them of collaborating with the Hague - based ICC .
U.N. Secretary - General Ban Ki-moon said in his latest report on the joint U.N. - African Union peacekeeping mission in Darfur , known as UNAMID , that the expulsions had put " over 1 million people at life - threatening risk " in Darfur .
The are many times when one is required to do data entry types of work while designing .
In terms of Adobe , “ Graphic design is a field characterized by creativity , but there are some aspects of the actual work of illustration that can be repetitious . ”
– Adobe Help Viewer
Lets take an example .
You have created an Membership Card design for a club .
And you also have to get it printed .
Designing the card is the easy part .
The most time consuming and boring part comes when you are required to add data for 200 employees .
And then get those cards file ready for print .
So , which software to be used for designing the card ?
I say , use any – Adobe Illustration or Adobe InDesign .
The file format needed for printing would be . tiff , .pdf or maybe .eps .
Lets get started .
You can automate your work in Illustrator as well as InDesign .
In Illustrator it is done using the Variables Palate , under Windows Menu .
You can find more details about the same over here .
Using XML in Illustrator CS3 .
But personally , I find InDesign best for such kinda work .
But I will leave it up to you to decide .
Here is the card design opened in Illustrator .
As you see , there are data fields for Name , Place , Valid Upto and Serial Number .
and here is the excel file which I have received from the client .
Now all I need is to get the print files ready in .tiff , or .eps format
Save the Illustrator file in eps format and place the eps file into InDesign .
Save the excel file in “ Tab Delimited Text ( .txt ) ” format .
Set the Indesign document size same as that of the card .
Open : Windows > Automate > Data Merge Palate .
Select ” Select Data Source ” option from the Data Merge palate , and select the . txt file you made in step 2 .
Now make text frames besides every data field .
Once all the four text frames are made , select the text frame for “ Name ” and Click on the “ Name ” section in the Data Merge Menu .
Similarly repeat for all the remaining text field and you should have something like this .
We have linked the data from the txt file to our card design .
Now , just format the text frames as per the design needs and then check on the preview button on the Data Merge Palate and you will be able to see the data .
Now , click on the ” Create Merged Document ” button on the Data Merge Palate ( last button from right )
Read the options , you might find it helpful for other jobs , and then click ok .
What this will do is make a new document , with all the cards ( 20 nos. ) in pages .
Now just export the card in the format needed .
Tips
InDesign does not export in tiff , what you can do is , export the files as jpeg and make an action in Photoshop to make then CMYK and save as . tiff .
This method can be used for automating many things like Visiting Cards , Certificates , Banners and even ID Cards and it also supports photo .
Well then that would be it .
If you have any queries please leave a comment here and I will reply at the earliest .
Balls Eye Concrete Maze Game
Made in concrete , this interactive sculpture challenges the associated notion of the material being appropriate only for load bearing larger than life structures .
The material can be just as supple an ...
$ 108.00
Earlier this year , on a school day like any other , we shuffled into our politics class at 11.20 on a Monday morning .
What we did n't notice straight away were four tinted CCTV domes hanging from the ceiling including a huge monitor dome staring right at us .
Confusion and anger broke out among us .
A teacher casually stated that they were for teacher training purposes .
After a thought of " God , George Orwell was right " , some of us angrily packed up and left – we were n't comfortable working in a classroom with cameras .
It turned out that our entire class was angry or confused over the cameras .
Out of a class of 18 students , 17 felt uncomfortable with the idea and decided to boycott the room until the issue , and the students , were addressed .
This was a difficult decision as we were three months away from exams and we had five lessons a fortnight in the room .
The student body was supportive and a petition gained over 130 signatures from the sixth - form .
Two weeks later our teacher read a statement from our headteacher explaining the cameras were to be used for teacher training purposes alone , that the system was not currently switched on , and that we would be warned whenever it was meant to go live .
It did , however , also say that it was initially not deemed " necessary " to consult the pupils about the installation .
Lessons continued , although a few weeks later when students discovered that the recording system was in a cupboard in our classroom the microphones were found to in fact be switched on .
We switched them off .
The school is currently awaiting a decision from the information commissioner as to whether the cameras can remain or not .
Henry 's Porter 's blog about our decision to " revolt against classroom CCTV " sparked a huge debate on the issue of CCTV in schools .
Although users were largely supportive , we wanted to respond to some of the misinformation posted by commentators .
Many users suggested that cameras were a good idea because they could be used to keep an eye on bullying and student behaviour , we were accused of been " narcissistic megalomaniacs " angry at " being nabbed for our churlish troublemaking " .
This stereotypical and frankly ignorant view ignores the fact that Davenant Foundation School produces some of the best exam results in Essex .
Violent behaviour among pupils is simply not an issue , making the justification for putting cameras in our classrooms more surprising .
Adults are often quick to define the youth of today as stereotypical troublemakers and violent offenders – generalisations which are prompted by the media – when in fact the majority of students at our school are as responsible and arguably better behaved then the majority of adults .
Some commentators insinuated that we overheard adults talking about rights and repeated it .
That notion is n't worth the space it was typed upon .
We are A - level politics students who have been studying civil liberties as part of the curriculum for the last two years .
Sam campaigned for David Davis when he resigned over the issue of civil liberties and spoke at speakers ' corner about the issue .
The criticism of our campaign only serves to illustrate the ignorance of adults who have surrendered within only the last few years our right to protest in parliament , our right to go about our business without being stopped and questioned by police about our identity and our affairs , and our personal privacy .
Eroding standards in schools and deteriorating discipline are down to a broken society and the failure of the education system .
The truth is that we are whatever the generation before us has created .
If you criticise us , we are your failures ; and if you applaud us we are your successes , and we reflect the imperfections of society and of human life .
If you want to reform the education system , if you want to raise education standards , then watching children every hour of every day is n't the answer .
The answer is to encourage students to learn by creating an environment in which they can express their ideas freely and without intimidation .
Anousheh ’s hazel eyes burned from the smoke .
She caught her breath .
Up the boulevard , amid the hazy din , the riot police were beating people with batons and threatening others .
Screams erupted , as young men and women ran for cover .
The 29 - year - old Iranian interior designer and her brother , Babak , had just been up there , at the northern end of Tehran ’s Africa Boulevard , where the crowds were chanting , “ Death to the dictator ! ” -- a burgeoning mass of hundreds of people protesting alleged vote count fraud in the reelection of President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad .
As bearded , truncheon - wielding Ansar-e Hezbollah militiamen began storming the gathering crowds , Anousheh and Babak sprinted down the street , losing sight of each other in the chaos .
She searched for him on side streets with no luck .
She thought about going back home , but knew there was no way her protective big brother would leave the scene without first finding her .
She imagined him lying in agony on the roadway , or locked up in a wagon and taken to prison , perhaps Evin and its solitary confinement wing , where she said her mother had spent 40 grueling days in 2003 .
Advertisement
Before going back into the crowd and risking arrest or a beating , she decided to jettison her backpack , which contained a digital camera packed with potentially provocative images of stone - throwing demonstrators , a wallet full of identification cards , and her and her brother ’s cellphones , with numbers of all their contacts .
“ Can you please take this ? ” she said to a group of strangers sitting in a car , observing the unrest ahead .
“ I need to find my brother . ”
The baffled passengers took the bag , opened it quickly to be make sure the contents were not dangerous , and watched as she sprinted back into the melee , a solitary figure in a beige coat and light green head scarf .
--
Advertisement
Trained as a graphic artist , Anousheh makes an unlikely political activist .
She lives with her parents .
She stayed home on election day , unlike her brother and parents , who voted for moderate candidate Mir-Hossein Mousavi , who has accused Ahmadinejad of vote fraud .
But she believes Mousavi should have won .
“ I do n’t accept any of them , ” Anousheh , who asked that her last name not be published , says in steady voice .
“ None of them can do anything . ”
She ’s driven , she says , not by politics but by a heartfelt sense of the injustice of it all , and a strong commitment to her country , her city and her neighborhood , called Jordan , among the Iranian capital ’s most urbane districts .
Jordan was a target of the Islamic revolutionaries who took control of Iran in the late 1970s , a symbol of all that was decadent about the toppled regime of Shah Mohammed Reza Pahlavi .
Authorities re-designated Jordan Boulevard , named after American educator Samuel Jordan , who established a high school here , Africa Boulevard in a showy sign of solidarity with the Third World , and a slap to the district ’s cosmopolitan pretensions .
Advertisement
Analysts sometimes describe a great rift in Iran between rich and poor , between the pious downtrodden masses and the wealthy Westernized elite .
But many say Iran ’s divide is more about culture than class , more about cool than cash .
Plenty of the bazaar merchants who bankrolled the ayatollahs and became fundamentalist pillars of the Islamic Republic were rich , and many of the young working stiffs in menial jobs in wholesale districts listen to made - in - L.A. Persian pop music and sip homemade vodka with their friends on weekends .
And among the so - called north Tehran elite are many of modest means : government employees or teachers who treasure the arts , travel abroad and , above all , believe in a good education for their children .
The revolutionaries were resentful of the north Tehranis not so much for their money but for their schooling and worldliness , for what they viewed as a pretension that they could meld East and West instead of just being content with Iran ’s traditions .
Advertisement
The late intellectual Ali Shariati , who once inspired Iranian revolutionaries , came up with a term for it : gharb - zadeghi , meaning struck or poisoned by the West .
--
Growing up , Anousheh encountered pro-government militiamen on motorcycle patrols of her neighborhood .
They regularly made their way up to Jordan to set up checkpoints .
They searched passing cars for alcohol and young unmarried couples to detain .
On occasion , the young people of the district would fight back , pummeling the militiamen with their fists and chasing them out .
For the kids of Jordan , the clashes between the pro-government militiamen and the youths unfolding over the last few days are just the latest episode of a 30 - year brawl .
Advertisement
Anousheh wound up studying art and graphics in college , and Babak , six years her senior , became an engineer , like their father .
Their mother , a homemaker turned community activist , became involved in Iran ’s budding civil society movement under the government of former President Mohammad Khatami , the reformist who tried but failed to open up Iran ’s religiously conservative political system .
She was arrested in 2003 while supporting a student uprising .
Anousheh lived in London briefly and in Dubai , United Arab Emirates , for two years , studying English and working an administrative job .
After returning to Tehran , she decided one day to dress in an elegant , foot - to - toe Arabian abaya , in the style worn by women in the United Arab Emirates and Bahrain .
For fun , she decided to wear a colorful Thai print blouse over it .
Advertisement
As a result , she says , she was stopped on the streets .
“ You look like a billboard , ” a woman from the Guidance Patrol , the morality police , told her .
“ Excuse me ? ” Anousheh recalled responding .
“ Everyone is looking at you , ” the woman said .
Anousheh became furious .
“ My legs are covered , my arms are covered , my clothes are n’t tight , ” she said .
“ What could you possibly complain about ? ”
Advertisement
Such experiences made her want to move abroad .
But she was continually drawn back by close - knit friendships and her country ’s breezy familiarity , a society in which someone could drop off a backpack with a digital camera , cellphone and cash inside with random strangers on the street and be reasonably sure she ’d get it all back in a day or so .
--
Unbeknown to her , she had dropped her bag off Saturday night with a group of journalists discreetly making mental notes while watching the storm outside .
We used her cellphone to call her Sunday morning and told her we had her bag .
“ Come on over , ” we said .
Advertisement
“ I trust people , ” she explained during a late - morning chat , as she nursed deep purple welts on her legs and thigh .
“ If you never steal something from someone , no one will ever steal from you . ”
She then explained what happened after she left us Saturday night .
Anousheh said that when she raced to find her brother , the anti-riot police screamed at her to go home .
“ Get out of here , or we ’ll hit you , crush you , ” one militiaman told her .
“ Go ahead , crush me , but I still have to find my brother , ” she told them .
It was a chaotic gantlet , she says .
There were chubby , helmeted militiamen swinging clubs .
There were black - uniformed special police units on motorcycles .
There were anti-riot police .
And along the sidelines , there were bearded , plainclothes security officials , barking orders into walkie - talkies .
Advertisement
As she navigated the layers of armed authorities , she endured insults and baton swings , about five judging from the number of bruises on her lower body .
The security forces then began spreading out into the side streets .
“ Anousheh , ” a neighbor told her , “ your brother is looking for you . ”
After 90 minutes , she found him hovering inside the doorway of a building along a side street , just as worried about her as he was about him , and just as bloodied .
But instead of going home , she says , they jumped back into the fray , chanting slogans and playing cat and mouse with the police until just before 6 a.m .
Advertisement
“ My brother said Nelson Mandela was in prison for 20 years until he reached his goal , ” she says .
“ I learned from my mother that you fight for your rights .
“ Your rights are something you take , not something you ’re given . ”
--
daragahi@latimes.com
A remarkable bit of history from Charlie Savage , who is listening to newly released Nixon tapes :
Nixon worried that greater access to abortions would foster “ permissiveness ” and said that “ it breaks the family . ”
But he also saw a need for abortion in some cases , such as interracial pregnancies .
“ There are times when an abortion is necessary .
I know that .
When you have a black and a white , ” he told an aide , before adding : “ Or a rape . ”
Scientists have managed to make extra- strength spider silk — already notable for having a tensile strength higher than many alloys of steel , even though its comprised entirely of proteins [ Ars Technica ] — by incorporating small amounts of metal into it .
A research team at the Max Planck Institute was inspired by studies showing traces of metals in the toughest parts of some insect body parts .
The jaws of leaf - cutter ants and locusts , for example , both contain high levels of zinc , making them particularly stiff and hard [ Reuters ] .
The researchers wanted to try adding metals into existing biological materials , and decided to start with the Araneusspider .
The researchers , whose work is published inScience , used atomic - layer deposition to pulse zinc , titanium , and aluminum ions into spider silk [ Technology Review ] .
The process is used normally to apply a thin film layer of one material onto another , but the researchers found that the metal ions had actually penetrated and reacted with the protein structure of the silk , yielding a material significantly stronger than natural spider silk , though they do n't quite understand how the integration occurred .
One of the researchers , Mato Knez , attributes the strengthening effect to the metal 's displacement of hydrogen bonds within the silk 's protein structure ....
The team were also able to show that the outer metal coating of the silk was of minor importance in the improvement of strength , and therefore that the phenomena was caused by the metals imbedded in the protein fibres [ Chemistry World ] .
The technique may be useful for manufacturing super - tough textiles and high - tech medical materials , including artificial bones and tendons .
" It could make very strong thread for surgical operations " [
Reuters ] , said another of the researchers , Seung - Mo Lee. Related Content : 80 beats : Spider Ancestor Made Silk — Possibly Using it for Sex — But Could n’t Spin a Web DISCOVER : Unraveling Spider Silk
Image : Wikimedia
The US government said Wednesday it plans to digitally sign the internet 's root zone by the end of the year , a move that would end years of inaction securing the internet 's most important asset .
The US Department of Commerce 's National Telecommunications and Information Administration ( NTIA ) said it was turning to ICANN , or the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers , and VeriSign to implement the measure , which is known as DNSSEC .
In October , the two organizations submitted separate proposals that offered sharply contrasting visions for putting the complicated framework in place .
" The parties are working on an interim approach to deployment , by year 's end , of a security technology - Domain Name System Security Extensions ( DNSSEC ) - at the authoritative root zone ( i.e. , the address book ) of the internet , " a statement issued by the NTIA read .
" There will be further consultations with the internet technical community as the testing and implementation plans are developed . "
The statement left many unanswered questions about the roll - out , most notably the specific roles of the two organizations .
It also omitted details about exactly how far the temporary solution would go and when a permanent fix can be expected .
The answers to such questions are crucial given known vulnerabilities in today 's DNS .
Last year , researcher Dan Kaminsky of security firm IOActive demonstrated a simple way to plant fraudulent entries in the root zone , which serves as the authoritative document for routing email , web requests , and other internet traffic .
The bug had the potential to destroy trust as we know it on the net because it provided a low - cost way for criminals to hijack the websites of banks , government agencies , and similarly sensitive organizations .
By August , the majority of the world 's DNS servers had been updated to resist Kaminsky 's DNS cache - poisoning bug , but he warned the move was a temporary band - aid rather than a permanent solution .
DNSSEC is designed to fix that .
It affixes a cryptographic seal to results returned from a DNS server to ensure that they have n't been forged .
At the heart of the hierarchical DNS is the root zone , which contains the list of servers authorized to provide lookups for each top - level domain such as .com or .gov .
In its current form , DNSSEC has existed for about a decade but has yet to be implemented , largely due to the complexity and geopolitical tensions surrounding management of the unwieldy technology .
Of particular importance is management of the root key because it controls the topmost tier of the hierarchy .
Should it ever fall into the wrong hands , the internet could cease to function .
Under the interim solution , VeriSign will manage the root - signing key and ICANN will manage a separate key - signing key , Paul Levins , vice president of corporate affairs for ICANN told The Register .
Under last year 's proposals , ICANN and VeriSign offered competing arguments why each should manage the root key .
( The proposals and public comments responding to them are here . )
Representatives from VeriSign did n't return phone calls seeking comment , and an NTIA spokesman declined to confirm ICANN 's account .
" This is big , " said Bart Forbes , the NTIA spokesman .
" It 's not something we do quickly , but we need to socialize whatever decision is made and make sure everyone is on board . "
He declined to elaborate on the process the NTIA will use to seek feedback from members of the internet technical community .
ICANN is the non-profit group that was established in the late 1990s to oversee the internet 's address system .
VeriSign operates a wide range of businesses , including management of two of the internet 's root - name servers and several businesses that manage digital certificates .
While Kaminsky and other experts claim DNSSEC is crucial for securing the internet , not everyone is so sure .
Among then is Paul Mockapetris , inventor of DNS .
He has long argued that widespread adoption of DNSSEC will be marred by the cost involved and incompatibilities across different systems .
" To paraphrase Neil Armstrong , this is one giant step for DNSSEC and one small step for the internet , " said Mockapetris , who is chairman and chief scientist for Nominum , which sells DNS servers to service providers and telecos .
" This will get us on the road to finding out if DNSSEC will work or not , but it 's not going to revolutionize things anytime soon . ®
What do you get when you combine a paintball gun , laptop , and custom software ?
In this case , an autonomous , self - targeting paintball sentry gun that ’s able to shoot down targets without user input .
Continue reading to see more — video courtesy of reader Jackie .
Jordan 's King Abdullah arrives at Sao Bento Palace in Lisbon March 17 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Hugo Correia
LONDON ( Reuters ) - The United States is promoting a peace plan for the Middle East involving a “ 57 - state solution ” in which the entire Muslim world would recognize Israel , Monday ’s Times of London quoted Jordan ’s King Abdullah as saying .
“ We are offering a third of the world to meet them with open arms , ” the king said .
“ The future is not the Jordan River or the Golan Heights or the Sinai , the future is Morocco in the Atlantic and Indonesia in the Pacific .
That is the prize . ”
But he warned : “ If we delay our peace negotiations , then there is going to be another conflict between Arabs or Muslims and Israel in the next 12 - 18 months . ”
The newspaper said the king had hatched the plan with President Barack Obama in Washington in April .
Details are likely to be thrashed out in a series of diplomatic moves this month , including Obama ’s meeting with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu in Washington next week .
“ What we are talking about is not Israelis and Palestinians sitting at the table , but Israelis sitting with Palestinians , Israelis sitting with Syrians , Israelis sitting with Lebanese , ” said the king .
The newspaper said that , as an incentive to Israel to freeze the building of Jewish settlements in the West Bank , Arab states may offer incentives such as letting the Israeli airline El Al fly through Arab air space , and granting visas for Israelis .
A White House spokesman was not immediately available for comment on the report .
The Obama administration backs the establishment of a Palestinian state as part of the solution to the Middle East conflict .
Netanyahu has yet to endorse the idea .
CHICAGO ( Reuters ) - A college diploma has long been the ticket to a good job , but the deepest economic slump in decades has dampened the dreams of many U.S. college seniors .
Graduates celebrate receiving a Masters in Business Administration from Columbia University during the year 's commencement ceremony in New York in this May 18 , 2005 file photo .
A college diploma has long been the ticket to a good job , but the deepest economic slump in decades has dampened the dreams of many college seniors .
REUTERS / Chip East / Files
They face a hard reality upon graduation this spring : stiff competition from the growing ranks of the unemployed , from those forced out of retirement or delaying it because of the collapsing stock market , and from graduates of past years who are still searching for jobs in their chosen field .
“ You ’re graduating into this world and being thrown out of the college bubble and you ’re supposed to be able to get a job , which just does n’t exist , ” said Andrew Heber , 24 , of Chicago , who graduated from New College in Florida in 2007 .
The U.S. Census Bureau says 1.6 million college degrees will be awarded this year , a figure that has climbed steadily .
Many depart school with expectations of making it on their own and with hopes of repaying student loans that average $ 22,500 .
For seniors like Amanda Haimes at Clark University in Worcester , Massachusetts , the drumbeat of bad news about the weak job market is worrying , even scary .
“ People are saying this is the worst year to graduate , ever , ” she said in a telephone interview .
Haimes , 22 , plans to move back home with her parents in Atlanta and will make $ 3,000 this summer as a political party canvasser .
“ After that , I ’m not 100 percent positive ” of her future , the sociology major said .
LOSING COVERAGE
Many seniors like Haimes face the added worry of losing health insurance coverage for the first time in their lives .
Some 20 U.S. states have passed laws mandating that adult children can get coverage under their parents ’ health insurance plans until they reach their mid-20s , but usually must remain unmarried dependents .
Some see few options other than living at home .
Confronted by a prolonged recession and a rising 8.5 percent unemployment rate , the highest U.S. rate in a quarter - century , some college seniors have grown “ so anxious and worried they are paralyzed ” and are not looking for a job , said University of Wisconsin , Madison , career services director Leslie Kohlberg .
Kohlberg and other college counselors said there are jobs to be had , but stamina is needed for the search .
What needs to happen -- and will , according to college job counselors -- is for students to migrate from training in sectors that are losing jobs like finance to fields gaining jobs like health care , education , engineering , and computer technology .
Still , there is desperation in the air , based on anecdotal comments from counselors , students and recruiters .
Wall Street recruiter Kurt Kraeger said he had to take down an online advertisement for three internships when he was flooded by 200 resumes .
Other employers tell him of overqualified graduates appealing for any job they can get .
Many seniors plan to go straight to graduate school to get a leg up while waiting for the recession to end , in some cases creating a glut of applicants , counselors and students said .
Heber , an artist who has been unable to get into crowded art schools , is scraping together monthly expenses of $ 800 in rent and his health insurance premium out of savings from a previous job and earnings from free - lance graphic design work and computer consulting .
He cooks dinners for his parents to save on his food expenses .
“ Most people I know my age still live at home because they ca n’t even get it together to make enough money to pay rent , ” he said .
“ Each class piles up against the ones before it .
I know so many people who are looking for jobs , and have been since they graduated .
There ’s this sense of ‘ No hope . ’ ”
His sister , Alana , 21 , is set to graduate in May from Knox College in Illinois , and expects to live at home and go back to her old summer job in an ice cream shop -- far from her chosen field of library science .
A surging number of graduating seniors are vying for paid and unpaid internships and positions with nonprofit groups , and applying to the government - run Peace Corps , Teach for America and Americorps .
All the programs have more applicants than available spots , President Barack Obama said in a speech April 21 in which he signed legislation to quadruple to 250,000 the number of position in Americorps .
“ They ’re going to be making subsistence wages , but they ’re doing something very gratifying until the job market improves , ” University of Wisconsin career counselor Randy Wallar said .
Graduates also satisfy a criteria many prospective employers insist on : do n’t remain idle .
David McDonough , a Clark University career counselor , reminds seniors to make sure every cover letter and resume is letter - perfect , and to network , network , network .
“ What I have tended to see more recently is people who graduated in the 1980s who have gone through everything that they can and have turned to us for whatever advice we can give , ” McDonough said .
“ Some are in their 50s . ”
TOO MANY GRADUATES ?
Rumblings that U.S. colleges and universities pump out too many graduates who are ill - equipped for the available jobs echoes sentiments expressed in Britain and China , he said .
Obama frequently urges access to college be expanded .
U.S. government data shows jobs secured by college graduates on average pay almost double , or $ 20,000 more a year more , than those held by high school graduates ; and college graduates ’ jobless rate at 4.3 percent is about half the national rate .
At campus job fairs , some students come away disappointed at the few positions offered as employers have cut back recruiting budgets .
But employers make an effort to have a presence so as to be in position to compete for workers once the economy recovers , Kohlberg said .
The huge American baby boom generation will be retiring in coming years -- if they can afford to -- and the generation emerging from college is only one - third the size so competition for their services promises to be fierce , she said .
Jan Vormann once again indulged his passion for Plastic !
This time , in Berlin , he " dispatched " mostly holes that remained from the World War II .
At some very touristic hot - spots , ( Kupfergraben corner with Dorotheenstraße ) a whole lot of people of all ages spontaneously started " helping " him with the dispachwork project and plastic construction pieces in all colors , between old stones , gave an interesting new twist in Berlin .
Some Kids , Parents and Grandparents took the project " to another dimension " with a variation of approaches towards the possibilities of constructing with those little bricks ..
The Event was accompanied by an indoor exhibition at Jarmuschek +
Partners gallery , where Vormann showed a handful of Kinetic objects .
The exhibition will last until the 13th of June .
An electric cable is attached to the side of a car .
Leading automotive and energy companies have reached agreement on a common " plug " to recharge electric cars , a spokeswoman for German energy company RWE said Sunday .
Leading automotive and energy companies have reached agreement on a common " plug " to recharge electric cars , a spokeswoman for German energy company RWE said Sunday .
The three - point , 400 - volt plug , which will allow electric cars to be recharged anywhere in a matter of minutes , is set to be unveiled Monday at the world 's biggest industrial technology fair in Hanover , northern Germany .
" A car must be able to be recharged in Italy in exactly the same way as in Denmark , Germany or France , " an RWE spokeswoman , Caroline Reichert , was quoted as saying in an edition of Die Welt to appear Monday .
She gave no timeframe for the introduction of the plug , saying that talks between the companies were ongoing .
The agreement on a common standard for the plug comprises several major automakers , including Volkswagen , BMW , Ford , General Motors , Fiat , Toyota and Mitsubishi .
Energy firms signed up to the accord include Eon , Vattenfall , EDF , Npower , Endesa and Enel .
Berlin hopes that one million electric cars will be on the road by 2020 .
RWE and Daimler launched a pilot project in Berlin in September .
The development of a common plug is a major step towards the mass production of electric cars , Reichert told Die Welt .
( c ) 2009 AFP
Explore further UC Davis Will Study Users of New Plug -in Hybrid Cars
Cats and dogs .
Cain and Abel. Designers and developers .
These are just a few of the great historical face - offs .
Designers and developers often seem to come from different planets and have completely different brains .
Developers want a website to work right , designers want it to look right .
While these goals have a lot of overlap ( and , of course , I ’m stereotyping here a bit ) , the differences often come down to the designer and developer ’s expectations of success .
Managing expectations is a matter of communication : making points clearly to the other side , finding common ground , and agreeing on goals .
Okay , so maybe it ’s not that easy , but it is important for both sides to at least try to understand each other .
In an effort to promote goodwill between designers and developers , I will share some pet peeves I have encountered and explore the issues that lead to them and their solutions .
Peeve # 1 : “ Why ca n’t the developer just make it look like the comp ? ”
You create a great - looking design and hand off the comp to your developer , but when you get the site back , it looks like a patchwork quilt of what you designed .
Issue
Comps are not Web pages ; they are not a mixture of HTML , CSS , and JavaScript code .
Photoshop , Fireworks , and Illustrator can do a lot of things that are impossible ( or at least wildly impractical ) on the Web , which often means that developers will have to scale down the design .
Solution
Talk to your developer while you are designing , not just afterward .
Ask them whether an effect you are using will be easy to accomplish or whether a better alternative exists .
Also , as you learn more about Web development , you ’ll be able to better tell the difference between when your design is impractical and when the developer is just slacking off .
Peeve # 2 : “ The colors are all wrong ! ”
You do n’t choose colors arbitrarily , but developers seem to think that “ close is close enough . ”
Issue
I do n’t know whether this is true of all developers , but I once worked with a developer who was red - green color - blind ( he was a huge fan of our content manager , who sent all of her emails in pink text on a lime - green background ) .
However , being color - blind did n’t stop him from being a kick - ass developer .
Solution
If you want the colors to be right , then spell out all of the color values on the page .
Do n’t rely on your developer to eyeball the color values or to sample the colors in Photoshop .
You also need to consider that the problem may not be with the developer but with you .
Colors look different on a Mac and in CMYK ( if you happen to accidentally enable that color space ) .
Make sure that your document color mode and proofs are set to generic RGB by default .
Peeve # 3 : “ Do developers even know what ‘ white space ’ means ? ”
You ’ve left plenty of breathing room around elements to create a fluid eye path and improve readability , but the developer crams everything together , telling you , “ It ’s the only way it will all fit . ”
Issue
I once complained to a developer that he left no space between the border of a module and its content , making it really difficult for most people to read .
He replied , “ I do n’t care about other people .
I can read it . ”
While most developers are not quite so callous , they have not been trained in the fine art of mixing positive and negative spaces to guide the visitor ’s eye around the design .
Solution
If you really want your designs to be as precise as possible , do n’t just give the designer a comp and expect them to figure out the spacing .
Specify the exact widths , heights , and lengths in a design specifications document .
This serves as a blueprint that you and the developer agree on for how things should be spaced .
At the very least , define general rules for margins and padding .
For example , “ All modules must have a minimum of 10 pixels of padding between the content and the border . ”
Peeve # 4 : “ The developer can never get my designs to look the same in different browsers . ”
You look at the site in Firefox and it looks fine , but when you switch to Internet Explorer it falls to pieces .
Issue
You have to be sympathetic to the plight of developers when it comes to making designs look consistent across browsers .
Each browser has its own quirks with spacing .
Things are getting better ( especially with the slow death of Internet Explorer 6 ) , but getting them all to completely play nice with each other is still hard .
Solution
I generally allow a few pixels of wiggle room in my designs to accommodate cross - browser issues , but it helps to know what these issues are while you ’re designing , so that you can help the developer avoid them .
Do n’t be afraid to point out cross - browser problems to the developer and expect them to be fixed .
But resolving some of them may require that you tweak your design .
Peeve # 5 : “ This will take how long ? ”
Nothing is more depressing than burning the midnight oil on double - time to get your part of a project done on schedule , only to get back a development LOE ( Level of Effort ) that puts the project release date back a month from the end of eternity .
Issue
In a classic episode of Star Trek : The Next Generation , Scotty explains the facts of engineering life to Geordi La Forge : “ You did n’t tell him [ Captain Picard ] how long it would really take , did you ?
Oh , laddie .
You ’ve got a lot to learn if you want people to think of you as a miracle worker . ”
Some developers think of designers in the same way that Scotty thinks of Starfleet Captains .
Solution
Developers know they will encounter unforeseen problems and so tend to grossly pad their estimates .
This also makes them look really good if they get their end done a lot earlier than estimated .
Haggle with the developer down to a reasonable timeline and then hold them to it .
As you get to know a developer , you will hopefully find your own way to be a “ miracle worker ” .
Special Bonus Peeve : “ Developers just do n’t understand designers . ”
Or worse :
“ The developer thinks they ’re a designer ! ”
It ’s bad enough when developers seem to simply refuse to see the designer ’s point of view , but that difference of opinion can usually be mediated ( usually by a good project manager ) .
However , when the developer thinks they know more about design than the designer , tempers can flare .
Issue
I ’ve had to deal with more than one developer who read an article by Jakob Nielsen and then wanted to lecture me about good design practice in the middle of a meeting .
This not only shows disrespect for the designer but slows down the project as debate ensues .
Solution
Working with know - it - all developers is tricky , and the way to handle these situations depends on the size of the ego you are dealing with .
Generally , I find it best to simply listen to what they have to say and then , if they have a point , acknowledge it and move on .
Avoid arguing with them if possible .
Often their complaint is about a design “ rule ” that ’s been broken .
Do n’t be afraid to acknowledge that you broke a rule — that ’s what innovative designers do — but make sure you can justify why you broke it .
Whenever I find myself in this situation , I think back to my review days in design school , when I had to defend my work against some pretty brutal criticism .
These sessions were often ego - bruising , but they taught me how to quickly defend my decisions while keeping my cool .
It may seem humiliating to have to constantly justify your decisions , but the more you show the “ method in your madness , ” the more you will find that your colleagues value and trust your judgment .
Written exclusively for WDD by Jason Cranford Teague .
Which pet peeves do you have with developers ?
We ’d love to know more about this , please share your comments below .
This story was first published on June 6 , 2008
Outline
Message claims that attached photographs show a new speed control tactic that consists of laying very realistic looking fake pothole stickers on the roadway .
Brief Analysis
The fake potholes are not a speed control tactic .
In fact , they were used as part of a 2007 advertisement for Pioneer Suspension , a vehicle suspension supplier .
Example
Subject : Speed bump..oh nooo
Speed control used in Canada Speed controls being used in Eastern Canada THIS IS CLEVER GREAT new speed limit device ….. I would slow down rather than take a chance !
I do n’t know about you , but I know this would slow me down !
I see myself slowing down , trying to ‘ straddle ’ the hole , then breathing again when I cleared it without hitting it !
This is actually a speed control device .
Scroll down and look at all three pictures !
And it ’s much cheaper than speed cameras !!!
Detailed Analysis
According to this message , fake potholes are being placed on roadways in order to slow down drivers in an innovative attempt to combat the problem of speeding .
The first two photographs show what appear to be quite large and deep potholes in the lanes of a busy motorway .
However , the last photograph shows that the “ potholes ” are in fact strategically positioned stickers that have been placed on the roadway .
Although they only consist of flat images of potholes , the stickers would look three dimensional and quite realistic to approaching drivers .
However , the stickers are not used as speed limiting devices as claimed in the message .
The text painted on the roadway a few meters ahead of each pothole sticker show their real purpose .
In reality , they were used as part of an advertisement for Pioneer Suspension , a vehicle suspension supplier .
The ad was intended to suggest to drivers that , with Pioneer Suspension fitted to their vehicles , they would enjoy a smooth ride even on rough roads .
Information about the ad published on the Ads of The World website notes :
POTHOLE STICLER – A large sticker of a pothole was laid on the road creating the illusion of a real pothole .
Drivers would see it and slow down to avoid the jerk to their car but would feel nothing .
The message “ FEELS LIKE PIONEER SUSPENSION ” was painted a few meters ahead .
According to Ads of the World , the ad was created by Advertising Agency , Y&R Everest , Mumbai , India in 2007 .
It is unclear under what conditions or circumstances the advertising tactic was carried out .
As many commentators have noted , unless the tactic was used in very controlled conditions , such fake potholes could actually be quite dangerous .
Approaching drivers could swerve suddenly to avoid the “ pothole ” and serious accidents could result .
A similar tactic was used in an ad for Ford Ranger in 2006 .
Ads of the World notes :
The projects purpose was to allow drivers to experience the Ford pickup ’s attribute of softness on hostile surfaces .
In order to achieve this , several floor graphics were imprinted with cracks , snow and / or mud in various city streets .
Next to them , a road signal that read “ This is how it feels , Ford Ranger ” was placed .
Drivers drove through a difficult road without feeling it ; situation that led them to experience the unique softness of riding in a Ford pickup .
The floor graphics were placed in lateral streets and parking areas with speed limits that did n’t exceed 10 kilometers per hour , with the objective of looking out for the driver ’s safety .
Such tactics might be quite effective as advertising mechanisms .
However , given their potential to cause accidents , it seems doubtful that any jurisdiction would use such potholes stickers as speed limiting devices on busy roadways .
Fake Pothole Speed Control Device Photographs was last modified : by
Related
Researchers say cancer chemotherapy can kill as many healthy cells as cancerous ones , but inducing temporary starvation increases the cells ' resistance to stress , which may allow doctors to use higher doses of current cancer chemotherapy treatments to make them more effective .
The results showed starving laboratory mice for two days prior to chemotherapy treatment protected them from potentially toxic high doses of the drug , and they gained back the weight they lost after treatment .
A new study suggests starvation induces a protective shield around healthy cells , allowing them to tolerate a much higher dose of chemotherapy .
March 31 , 2008 -- Fasting prior to cancer chemotherapy treatmentmay significantly enhance the cancer - killing effects of the drugswhile protecting healthy cells from damage .
Chemotherapy Starvation Diet
In the study , published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , researchers studied the effects of starvation on cancerous and normal cells .
First , they induced a starvation - related response in yeast cells , which made them 1,000 times more protected than untreated cells .
Then , they tested the effects of fasting on human and cancer cells in a test tube and in mice .
The results showed starvation produced between a twofold and fivefold difference in stress resistance between the normal , starvation - treated cells and normal cells .
In tests with live mice , of 28 mice starved for 48 - 60 hours before chemotherapy , only 1 died .
Of 37 mice that were not starved prior to treatment , 20 mice died from chemotherapy toxicity .
" More importantly , we consistently showed that mice were highly protected while cancer cells remained sensitive , " researcher Valter Longo , PhD , of the University of Southern California , says in news release .
" If we get to just a 10 - to 20 - fold differential toxicity with human metastatic cancers , all of a sudden it's a completely different game against cancer . "
Researchers say genetic cues prompt starved healthy cells to go into a hibernation - like mode that produces extreme resistance to stress .
But cancerous cells do n't obey those cues and remain stuck in growth mode .
By using the starvation response to differentiate normal and cancerous cells , researchers say healthy cells may be able to withstand higher doses of existing cancer chemotherapy drugs , but further studies in humans are needed to confirm these effects .
The health service faces an " unprecedented " £ 15 bn shortfall which is likely to trigger job losses and service reorganisation as it is forced to get to grips with the " most severe contraction in finances it is ever likely to face " , NHS leaders will warn tomorrow .
The NHS Confederation , which represents trusts and health authorities as well as independent health providers , calls for " hard decisions " if the NHS is to remain true to its founding principles and provide care free at the point of need over the next few years .
The stark prediction may push the health service up the political agenda in the run-up to the next general election as Labour prepares to defend its lengthy record in office .
The NHS Confederation 's chief executive , Steve Barnett , will tomorrow challenge the NHS to " prepare itself for real - terms reductions " .
He will tell the confederation 's annual conference in Liverpool that the NHS must " make hard decisions about which programmes to fund , how to reward staff and how to reorganise services now .
" If it does not , then the mistakes of the past could be repeated and shortages in funding will translate to the kind of across - the - board cuts which could see waiting lists lengthen , standards fall and dissatisfaction with the service grow among patients and staff . "
Despite running a surplus of around £ 1.35 bn this financial year , NHS finances are likely to deteriorate dramatically after the current spending review in 2011 , a study by the confederation warns .
" The position beyond [ then ] is very different and extremely challenging , " says the report , Dealing with the Downturn .
" The NHS will need to plan for real - terms funding to fall by 2.5 % –3 % per annum .
This is equivalent to a cut of between £ 8 bn – £ 10 bn over the next spending review and up to £ 15 bn over five years .
It is unavoidable that this will also translate into fewer staff . "
The restrictions will start to bite at a time when extra demands will emerge from an ageing population and the " negative health effects of recession in areas such as mental health and alcohol " .
The report adds : " Public spending will be dominated by the need to service debt and so NHS and social care spending will not follow renewed growth in the economy . "
Simple savings programmes used in the past should be avoided , the study urges .
Letting waiting lists grow , cutting training or allowing a hospital maintenance backlog to develop will all lead to serious problems .
" While it is inevitable that reduced real funding will lead to a need to reduce staff in some areas , the costs of redundancy and pensions are often significant and loss of knowledge and experience has hidden costs . "
The focus instead should be on improving quality and efficiency .
Proposals for charges for visits to GPs or accident and emergency treatment are likely to emerge , says the report , but the NHS Confederation does not support them .
Restricting pay rises could be another option .
Nigel Edwards , the confederation 's director of policy , said there could be a " trade - off for pay and jobs " if staff decide it is better to stay in employment .
He fears that cuts could come into force before 2011 .
The NHS budget has grown to £ 98.2 bn this year and will rise again to £ 102.3 bn the following year .
Such increases are unlikely to be seen again for many years .
Now that Microsoft has leveled a lawsuit against TomTom in what many see as a shot across the bow at Linux and open - source software , open - source experts such as Bruce Perens and Jim Zemlin are weighing in with their views of the situation .
In a piece written for Datamation , Perens , who created the Open Source Definition and is the CEO of a stealth - mode startup named Kiloboot , said : " The products in question incorporate Linux , and at least one of the seven patents involved concerns a Linux kernel implementation rather than TomTom 's own software .
Is this Microsoft 's first direct salvo against Linux ? "
Moreover , like many observers , Perens notes the maturity of the patents in question :
" " There are other striking features of this suit : the technologies claimed in the eight patents involved are so old and obvious that it 's fair to say they have a high ' Duh ! ' factor .
There 's an anti-trust angle to this suit that could blow up in Microsoft 's face .
And there 's a high probability that some or all of the patents involved are invalid , due to recent court decisions . " "
Perens asks if this is a serious suit or an effort to stir up FUD ( fear , uncertainty and doubt ) .
" Now , why would anyone want to pay Microsoft for the right to use this lackluster technology ? " he asked .
" After all , there were better file systems before MS - DOS came along , and there are much better ones today .
It 's not because of the technology , but because of Microsoft 's dominance of the computer business . "
So , it 's not the technology , he said .
" Microsoft 's market force as an effective monopoly in desktop computing made FAT ubiquitous , and Microsoft is able to muscle other businesses into paying a patent royalty for FAT despite its lack of innovation , " Perens said .
Perens then calls into question Microsoft 's attempts to play nice with the open - source community , noting that he believes the individuals working in the trenches on open source issues and technologies at Microsoft to be sincere , but that he has doubts about the goals of Microsoft senior management regarding open - source technology .
" They have not turned over a new leaf , and still remain insincere about their involvement in open source , " Perens said .
Making it plain , Perens said :
" " I do n't believe Microsoft was ever attempting to be sincere .
A perceived involvement in open source by Microsoft , along with highly paid mouthpieces like Novell to chime in for them , is giving Microsoft the ability to speak for open source in government circles , short - circuiting the legislation we need to defend ourselves from software patents or to establish a level playing field on which open source and proprietary software can compete fairly .
That 's their true interest . " "
The answer is legislation , he said .
Perens said legislation is needed to " clean out the software patent system .
Developers need to be able to make and sell software without the threat of patent - related extortion .
We must unite both proprietary and open - source developers - who are equally at risk - to work for this cause , if we 're to have a hope of being heard by legislators . "
Meanwhile , Jim Zemlin , executive director of the Linux Foundation , called on Linux and open - source proponents to do three things in light of the Microsoft lawsuit : Calm down , hope for the best , and prepare for the worst .
In a statement to Linux Foundation membership and a general position to all concerned , Zemlin said :
" " Right now the Microsoft claim against TomTom is a private dispute between those two entities concerning GPS mapping software .
We do not feel assumptions should be made about the scope or facts of this case and its inclusion , if any , of Linux - related technology .
Any patent litigator will tell you that the path between asserting a claim under a patent and an actual , final determination that the patent is ( 1 ) valid and ( 2 ) that the claims of the patent are actually infringed is an extremely long road .
If this case is in any way directed at Linux ( in fact , Horacio Gutierrez , Microsoft 's corporate vice president and deputy general counsel of Intellectual Property and Licensing , has specifically stated that it is n't ) , the Linux ecosystem has enormously sophisticated resources available to assist in the defense of any claim that is made against Linux . " "
Zemlin then said he hopes Microsoft will realize that its case only serves as a burden on the industry and the software giant will rethink its approach here .
However , if not , Zemlin said :
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
The Campos Racing team has confirmed its intention to enter Formula 1 in 2010 , having lodged its entry for the championship tonight .
The team , currently racing in the Spanish Formula 3 Championship , is owned by former grand prix driver Adrian Campos , who previously owned current GP2 champion Barwa Addax .
This was initially believed to be the team which had F1 plans , something that was denied earlier this week .
Campos Racing confirmed on Friday that at 00:05 it had lodged its entry for the championship under the budget cap rules .
The official period to submit entries for next year opened today and closes on May 29 .
Campos said it has lodged its entry in conjunction with Meta Image , and that the F1 team would be called Campos Meta 1 .
The team said it was unwilling to reveal the people involved in the project , but denied reports that appeared in the Spanish media about some of the investors linked to it .
Spain 's top- selling newspaper Marca had reported earlier this week that Mexican businessman Carlos Slim and NBA player Pau Gasol were involved in the project .
UPDATED 11:45 a.m. , June 24 , 2009 : As I just found out via Twitter , what worked yesterday wo n't work today .
If you 've updated your client with the new version , but used the IP address below to fix Yahoo IM in the previous version , you must delete that IP from the Pager Server in Pidgin or the Login Server in Adium and restart the client .
Instant - messaging stalwarts Pidgin for Windows and Adium for Mac have updated to correct a Yahoo Instant Messenger connection error .
Yahoo announced earlier this month that it was going to phase out support for Messenger versions 6.0 through 7.5 by August , and it seems that part of that process caused Pidgin and Adium to not connect successfully to Yahoo 's servers .
A work - around involved changing your pager server in Pidgin by going to Accounts on the menubar , then selecting Yahoo , and then Edit Account .
Under the Advanced tab , changing the Pager Server to 66.163.181.179 and restarting Pidgin would allow for a successful connection .
In Adium , the fix was to change the Login Server to that IP , under Preferences , Accounts , and then the Yahoo IM Options panel .
The new versions of Pidgin and Adium will connect to Yahoo without manual adjustments .
Pidgin Portable has also been updated to support the Yahoo fix , but Portable Adium had not yet been updated at the time of writing .
Vestas is to shut down its Isle of Wight factory in the face of collapsing demand from a wind - farming industry hobbled by the recession and red tape
The following correction was printed in the Guardian 's Corrections and clarifications column , Monday 11 May 2009 .
Below we referred to the Isle of Wight factory owned by Vestas .
The British Wind Energy Association , which provided the information , has acknowledged that in fact there is a second small plant , in Scotland .
It makes the towers for wind turbines and has just been sold by Vestas to Skykon .
The UK's only wind turbine manufact­uring plant is to close , dealing a humili­ating blow to the government 's promise to support low - carbon industries .
Vestas , the world 's biggest wind energy group , said today that it would close its Isle of Wight facility , which employs about 700 people and makes blades for wind farms in the US .
The group had planned to convert the factory in Newport so it could make blades for the British market , but said this morning that the paralysis gripping the industry meant that orders had ground to a halt .
Such low demand could not justify the investment , Ditlev Engel , the chief executive , told the Guardian .
He said the group would consult with the workers for the next two to three months , adding that there was a glimmer of hope investment in the plant could still go ahead if orders picked up soon .
Engel said last week 's budget , which increased subsidies available for offshore wind farms , as well as recent moves to free up the sluggish planning process , could boost the industry but it was too early to say whether orders would pick enough to rescue the plant .
" The government has tried to improve the situation , " he said .
" Whether it 's enough I do n't know . "
In early March , Gordon Brown convened a low - carbon industrial summit aimed at finding ways to help low - carbon manufacturers lead the UK out of recession .
Vestas representatives attended the meeting .
Engel said the group was in " constant dialogue " with the government and had informed it of today 's move .
He admitted that no aid or assistance had been offered by Whitehall to try to save the plant .
But he reserved his fiercest criticism for local politicians who he said were holding up projects , particularly onshore , giving the UK one of the lengthiest planning processes for developers wanting to build wind farms anywhere in the world .
" Since last summer , the order intake in the UK market has dropped significantly .
Therefore it would be very difficult to substantiate the investment as we had already planned .
" The UK has large wind resources and it's a priority for the government but the orders did n't move .
That 's why we 're telling employees that we 're not reinvesting there .
" We are waiting to see in the coming period if the government initiative announced last week will get the market to move again .
At least it gives some hope but it's too early to tell . "
Engel said the weakness of the pound had also had an effect , making it more expensive to build wind farms in the UK , but the major problem lay in planning application .
" It is extremely time consuming and extremely complicated .
Some of our developers , customers , will tell you it is so difficult .
In the UK nimbyism is a huge challenge .
This is outside of Whitehall territory .
" People talk about big offshore parks .
Why not put in onshore parks ?
The cost of installation is half compared to offshore . "
The Isle of Wight facility will stop making blades in June .
The R&D department , which employs about 150 people , will remain open .
Engel admitted that if Vestas makes its skilled workers redundant but sees a pick - up in orders later in the year , it would be harder to reopen the plant because it would have to find a new skilled workforce .
Rapper Dolla killed in Beverly Center shooting
Atlanta - based rapper Dolla ( signed to Akon ’s Konvict Music Label ) was shot and killed at the Beverly Center mall in Los Angeles Monday afternoon .
According to the L.A Times , the 21 - year - old rapper was shot in the head at around 3:10 p.m. at the entrance of the popular shopping center .
So far the police have arrested one suspect in the shooting and are looking for the others .
The arrested suspect fled from the scene in a silver Mercedes SUV and was later detained at LAX airport while trying to board a flight .
Dolla , whose real name is Roderick Anthony Burton , is best known for his hit “ Who The F * #k Is That ” featuring his label bosses T - Pain and Akon .
El escritor italiano Umberto Eco afirma que el principal enemigo de los libros no es Internet , sino el ser humano , que los censura y confina a bibliotecas inaccesibles
ROMA ( EFE ) .—
El escritor italiano Umberto Eco afirma que el principal enemigo de los libros no es Internet , sino el ser humano , que los censura y confina a bibliotecas inaccesibles .
Los enemigos de los libros son “ principalmente los hombres , que los queman , los censuran , los encierran en bibliotecas inaccesibles y condenan a muerte a quienes los han escrito .
Y no , como se cree , Internet u otras diabluras ” , afirma el literato en una entrevista que publicó el diario turinés La Stampa .
“ Internet enseña a los jóvenes a leer , y sirve para vender un montón de libros ” , añade .
Eco , Premio Príncipe de Asturias de Comunicación y Humanidades en 2000 , apuesta por una estrecha colaboración de las nuevas tecnologías con la literatura y defiende la existencia del libro electrónico , conocido como “ e- book ” .
“ Aún no he usado ninguno , pero si por cualquier trabajo tuviera que transportar 10 mil páginas de documentos , lo usaría con mucha satisfacción .
Para leer una novela no lo sé ” .
El escritor italiano asegura que el libro electrónico puede atraer nuevos lectores , de hecho , comenta que ha sabido de un hacker informático que comenzó a leer el Quijote de Miguel de Cervantes gracias al e-book .
Según Eco , Internet es la “ madre de todas las bibliotecas ” , aunque ofrece dos diferencias con respecto a los tradicionales lugares de conservación de libros .
“ Primero , los libros de una biblioteca muestran , a través del nombre del editor , su grado de credibilidad , y los sitios de Internet sin embargo no ” , explica .
“ Segundo , Internet ofrece también colecciones completas de grandes obras , pero sólo en traducciones libres de derechos ( de autor ) y no en la más reciente edición crítica .
Por eso no va bien para muchas investigaciones de tipo filológico ” .
Earth is unique among the planets of our solar system ; its particular conditions have given rise to all sorts of life , including millions of plant and animal species .
The planet is incredibly diverse — it has tall mountains and deep valleys , humid forests and arid deserts , warm climates and cold .
Its 195 countries are home to over 7.5 billion people .
Key Takeaways : Planet Earth •
The third planet from the Sun , Earth has a unique physical and chemical composition that allows it to support a huge range of plant and animal life .
•
Earth takes about 24 hours to complete one full rotation and about 365 days to complete one full revolution around the Sun. • Earth 's highest recorded temperature is 134 degrees Fahrenheit , and its lowest is minus 128.5 degrees Fahrenheit .
Circumference
Measured at the equator , the circumference of the Earth is 24,901.55 miles .
However , the Earth is not quite a perfect circle , and if you measure through the poles , the circumference is a bit shorter — 24,859.82 miles .
The Earth is a bit wider than it is tall , giving it a slight bulge at the equator ; this shape is known as an ellipsoid , or , more properly , a geoid .
The Earth 's diameter at the equator is 7,926.28 miles , and its diameter at the poles is 7,899.80 miles .
Rotation on Axis
It takes the Earth 23 hours , 56 minutes , and 04.09053 seconds to complete a full rotation on its axis .
However , it takes an additional four minutes for the Earth to revolve to the same position as the day before , relative to the sun ( i.e. 24 hours ) .
Revolution Around the Sun
The Earth takes 365.2425 days to complete a full revolution around the Sun .
A standard calendar year , however , is only 365 days .
To correct for the drift , an additional day , known as a leap day , is added to the calendar every four years , thereby ensuring that the calendar year remains in sync with the astronomical year .
Distance to the Sun and Moon
Because the Moon follows an elliptical orbit around the Earth , and because the Earth follows an elliptical orbit around the Sun , the distance between Earth and these two bodies varies over time .
The average distance between the Earth and the Moon is 238,857 miles .
The average distance between Earth and the Sun is 93,020,000 miles .
Water vs. Land
Earth is 70.8 percent water and 29.2 percent land .
Of this water , 96.5 percent is found within the Earth 's oceans , and the other 3.5 percent is found within freshwater lakes , glaciers , and polar ice caps .
Chemical Composition
The Earth is composed of 34.6 percent iron , 29.5 percent oxygen , 15.2 percent silicon , 12.7 percent magnesium , 2.4 percent nickel , 1.9 percent sulfur , and 0.05 percent titanium .
Earth 's mass is about 5.97 x 1024 kilograms .
Atmospheric Content
Earth 's atmosphere is composed of 77 percent nitrogen , 21 percent oxygen , and traces of argon , carbon dioxide , and water .
The five main layers of the atmosphere , from lowest to highest , are the troposphere , stratosphere , mesosphere , thermosphere , and exosphere .
Highest Elevation
The highest point on Earth is Mount Everest , a Himalayan peak that reaches 29,035 feet above sea level .
The first confirmed ascent of the mountain took place in 1953 .
Tallest Mountain From Base to Peak
Earth 's tallest mountain as measured from base to peak is Mauna Kea in Hawaii , which measures 33,480 feet .
The mountain reaches 13,796 feet above sea level .
Lowest Elevation on Land
Earth 's lowest point on land is Israel 's Dead Sea , which reaches 1,369 feet below sea level .
The sea is known for its high salt content , which allows swimmers to practically float in the water .
Deepest Point in the Ocean
Earth 's lowest point in the ocean is a section of the Mariana Trench known as Challenger Deep .
It reaches 36,070 feet below sea level .
High water pressure in this area makes exploring it very difficult .
Highest Temperature
The highest recorded temperature on Earth is 134 degrees Fahrenheit .
It was recorded at Greenland Ranch in Death Valley , California , on July 10 , 1913 .
Lowest Temperature
The lowest recorded temperature on Earth is minus 128.5 degrees Fahrenheit .
It was recorded at Vostok , Antarctica , on July 21 , 1983 .
Population
As of December 2018 , the world population is estimated to be 7,537,000,0000 .
The most populous countries are China , India , the United States , Indonesia , and Brazil .
Annual global population growth as of 2018 is estimated to be about 1.09 percent , which means that the population is increasing by 83 million people per year .
Countries
There are 195 countries in the world including the Holy See ( the city - state of the Vatican ) and the State of Palestine , both of which are recognized by the United Nations as " non-member observer states . "
The world 's newest country is South Sudan , which was founded in 2011 after breaking away from the Republic of Sudan .
A woman is comforted as she reacts following an earthquake aftershock , at a makeshift camp in L'Aquila , central Italy , Tuesday , April 7 , 2009 .
Some of the thousands of people driven from their homes by Italy 's deadly earthquake found shelter Tuesday in tent camps , seaside hotels or their own cars , making do with makeshift accommodations as hopes began to fade that any more survivors would be found .
( AP Photo / Luca Bruno ) #
ladies
SFW
" Women in Space : We 've Come A Long Way " .
fallacy
organ
ize
erect
FotC
Thomases
photoshop
John is so ridiculously happy about the discovery of this second photo that he 's currently singing " Do n't Worry , There 's Another Shuttle Photo , Be Happy " while I 'm typing .
Clearly , I need to get him out of the house more .
( NOTE : For the , not the kiddies .
Still , though .
) NASA wanted to do something special for all the lady astronauts of the world :
And by " special " , I mean something big , flaccid , curving to the right , poised to explode into the dark recesses that are out of this world , and that says [ biting lip ]
Wow .
So many innuendo - laced jokes , so little time .
And if my mom did n't read this blog ( Hi , Mom ! ) , you can bet I 'd be saying something about thethat men can 't- much less - a project of this size .
Or how nice it is to see NASA giving women the upper hand in the space program , so that they , too , can get ahead .
In fact , I 'd probably wonder aloud if it was n't rather cold in the exhibit hall , if that would n't put too fine a point on it .
However , since my mom * does * read this blog ( Hi , Mom ! ) , all I 'm going to say is this , and to the cake creator : do n't take my good - natured ribbing too hard .
The fact that you got a government agency to pay for your services makes you a Wreck star .
And for you deprived souls who did n't get thereference , watch this : UPDATE : For you doubtingcalling " " and getting John all aggravated , here 's another photo of the same cake :
AFP
THE parliamentary election in Indonesia on Thursday April 9th is the third since the downfall of the Suharto dictatorship in 1998 ushered in an era of genuine as opposed to sham democracy .
Like the previous two , this election campaign has been lively , mostly good - humoured and conducted in an environment of great political freedom .
The poll itself is an exercise whose scale and logistical complexity are second only to those entailed by a general election in India .
Across more than 900 inhabited islands , 171 m voters have registered to vote .
They have 38 national parties to choose from , and as many as 1 m candidates for the national parliament , known as the DPR , and lower - level provincial and other legislatures .
This is only the start in what may become a three - stage process .
Parties , or coalitions of parties , that win at least 112 seats in the 560 - member DPR , or 25 % of the popular vote , may nominate candidates for the powerful presidency , with elections held in July .
If no candidate wins more than 50 % of the vote then , a run-off in September will follow .
For all the vigour — and huge expense — of the campaign , it has not generated the enthusiasm that saw 95 % of registered voters turn out for the first post - Suharto election in 1999 .
In part this reflects the remarkable stability achieved in the country , so soon after the economic meltdown and political chaos surrounding Suharto 's departure , and the apparent popularity of President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono , who won the first direct presidential election in 2004 .
But the loss of zest for politics also reflects some disappointment about the process of democratisation .
Indonesia remains dominated by Suharto - era politicians and the parties compete less on policies than on the personalities of their leaders and the quality of the hand - outs they offer to supporters .
Opinion polls suggest many voters have yet to make up their minds but that three parties will emerge as the biggest in the new DPR .
The president 's own Democratic Party ( PD ) , which basks in the glow of his own popularity , is expected to double its share of seats to more than 20 % .
Golkar , the biggest party in the present DPR , had its origins as a vehicle for the re-election of Suharto .
The main opposition is the Indonesian Democratic Party of Struggle ( PDI - P ) , which is heir to the nationalist movement led by independent Indonesia 's founder , Sukarno , and is led by his daughter , Megawati Sukarnoputri , whom Mr Yudhoyono replaced as president .
Many of the smaller parties are avowedly Islamist .
They are expected to fare worse than in 2004 when they garnered a combined 40 % of the vote .
But one new secular party , Gerindra , has made a big splash this time .
Led by Prabowo Subianto , a former son- in - law of Suharto and once head of a notorious army special - forces unit , it has poured money into television advertising and offers members an innovative freebie .
Its populist , pro-poor message ( reschedule Indonesia 's debts and divert the proceeds into public services ) has struck a chord .
Nevertheless , Mr Yudhoyono is widely expected to win re-election as president in July or September .
This election will help determine the shape of the coalition he leads .
It may also present him with a headache .
The preparations have been dogged with logistical setbacks and blunders such as inaccurate or undelivered ballot papers .
Worse , allegations of large - scale , systematic fraud in an election early this year for a governor in the province of East Java have paved the way for an expected avalanche of disputed results .
It is a tribute , however , to the roots that democracy has put down in so short a period that in a country with a history of appalling political violence , most observers expect these disputes to be resolved peacefully .
June 24 , 2009  -- Mark Sanford coyly sang the praises of his mistress 's body and agonized over their " hopelessly impossible situation of love " in emails to the woman that emerged today , just hours after the teary - eyed South Carolina governor admitted that he had an affair .
The governor , who caused a stir when he dropped out of sight for nearly a week , admitted in a press conference earlier today that he has been " unfaithful " to his wife and that his affair was with a " dear , dear friend from Argentina . "
The State , South Carolina 's largest daily newspaper , which broke the news about Sanford 's trip to Buenos Aires after speaking to him at the Atlanta airport upon his arrival this morning , obtained private email exchanges between the governor and the woman , who they only identify as " Maria . "
When contacted by ABC News , Sanford 's office did not dispute the authenticity of the emails .
In an email dated July 10 , 2008 , Sanford writes that the two are in a " hopelessly impossible situation of love , " and that he feels " a little vulnerable because this is ground I have never certainly never covered before . "
" You have a particular grace and calm that I adore .
You have a level of sophistication that so fitting with your beauty .
I could digress and say that you have the ability to give magnificent gentle kisses , or that I love your tan lines or that I love the curve of your hips , the erotic beauty of you holding yourself ( or two magnificent parts of yourself ) in the faded glow of the night 's light - but hey , that would be going into sexual details , " Sanford writes .
" In the meantime please sleep soundly knowing that despite the best efforts of my head my heart cries out for you , your voice , your body , the touch of your lips , the touch of your finger tips and an even deeper connection to your soul , " the email reads .
Maria , described as the mother of two sons , wrote in an email on June 9 , 2008 : " You are my love ...
Something hard to believe even for myself as it's also a kind of impossible love , not only because of distance but situation .
Sometimes you do n't choose things , they just happen ... I can't redirect my feelings and I am very happy with mine towards you . "
Sanford : Friendship Turns Into Love
The affair , Sanford said at his press conference today , began " casually , " but over the " last year developed into something much more . "
" We developed a remarkable friendship over those eight years and then ... about a year ago it sparked into something more than that , " Sanford said .
" I have seen her three times since then , during that whole sparking thing .
...
And it was discovered ... five months ago .
And at that point , we went into serious overdrive in trying to say , ' Where do you go from here . ' "
Sanford also resigned from his position as chairman of the Republican Governors Association , saying he would need time to seek forgiveness from friends and family and to focus on what he called a " very long process . "
Sanford said in the press conference that his wife of nearly 20 years was aware of his affair before he left for Argentina , and that the family had been trying to work through the situation for " about the last five months . "
In a written statement , his wife , Jenny Sanford , said " I deeply regret the recent actions of my husband Mark , and their potential damage to our children . "
She said she asked her husband to leave two weeks ago and to not contact her or their four sons , which explains why the family was unaware of the governor 's whereabouts during his unexpected disappearance .
" When I found out about my husband 's infidelity I worked immediately to first seek reconciliation through forgiveness , and then to work diligently to repair our marriage , " she said in a release .
" We reached a point where I felt it was important to look my sons in the eyes and maintain my dignity , self - respect , and my basic sense of right and wrong . "
But South Carolina 's first lady hinted that she was willing to forgive her husband and that " this trial separation was agreed to with the goal of ultimately strengthening our marriage . "
Invoking the Bible , she said : " I remain willing to forgive Mark completely for his indiscretions and to welcome him back , in time , if he continues to work toward reconciliation with a true spirit of humility and repentance . "
The couple started their careers on Wall Street , where Jenny Sanford was a vice president in mergers and acquisitions at the investment bank Lazard Freres , the Associated Press reports .
The couple met in the Hamptons , Long Island , married and heading to South Carolina
When the governor was asked today whether he was separated from his wife , he responded : " I do n't know how you want to define that .
I 'm here , she 's there .
I guess in a formal sense we 're not . "
An emotional Sanford , who spoke about " God 's law " several times in his press conference , said he needed a break from his job after what he called an " exhausting " battle against President Obama 's stimulus bill .
Sanford did not answer a question from a reporter asking him whether he would resign as governor , but he did say in a written statement afterward that " I 'm going to devote my energy to building back the trust the people of this state have placed in me . "
" What I did was wrong , period , end of story , " Sanford said at the press conference .
" I 'm committed to trying to get my heart right .
...
This was selfishness on my part . "
This is the second such scandal to rock the GOP this month .
Earlier this month , Sen. John Ensign , R - Nev. , admitted to an affair with a campaign staffer and resigned as leader of the Republican Policy Committee .
Almost immediately after Sanford 's resignation as chairman of RGA , the organization announced that Mississippi Gov. Haley Barbour will take over as chair .
" My job allows me to share the joys of getting to know great leaders around the country and experiencing great pride when they succeed , but the other side of that is experiencing deep disappointment when they fall short , " said RGA executive director Nick Ayers .
" Today is undeniably a disappointing day . "
South Carolina residents expressed mixed views .
" Here you are cheating .
That does n't stand right with me at all as a woman , " Zippora Gregory told ABC News .
" It 's happened in politics before and I 'm sure it 's never going to end , " said Camillo Miller .
' Taken Aback by All the Interest '
Sanford returned to work today after nearly a week - long unannounced hiatus .
Earlier this week , his staff told reporters that the governor was hiking on the Appalachian Trail , but this morning the governor told The State newspaper upon his arrival at the Atlanta airport that he was in fact in Buenos Aires , Argentina .
Sanford told the newspaper this morning that he did n't know why his staff said he was on the Appalachian Trail but that " in fairness to his staff , " he had told them he might do that .
" I would also apologize to my staff .
... I let them down by creating a fiction about where I was going , " Sanford said in the press conference , and added that he did not ask any of his employees to cover up the affair .
A U.S. Embassy official in Argentina told ABC
News the embassy had " absolutely no idea " that Sanford was in the country , adding that this comes " from out of left field .
It would be extremely odd that a U.S. governor would not check in with the embassy . "
But a Department of State spokesperson said if Sanford decided to travel as a private citizen , the department would not have to be informed .
Earlier this week , Sanford 's family and staff said they were not concerned .
His office said in a statement that it was not uncommon for the governor to " go out of pocket for a few days at a time to clear his head . "
Jenny Sanford told The Associated Press Monday that the governor was " writing something and wanted some space to get away from the kids . "
But what ignited national curiosity was that Sanford 's security agents were unaware of his whereabouts and Lt. Gov. Andre Bauer -- who would be in charge in the governor 's absence -- said he did n't even know Sanford was going away .
This morning Sanford flew back to Atlanta rather than to Columbia , S.C. , to avoid a media stampede .
Sanford 's communication director said Tuesday , " It would be fair to say the governor was somewhat taken aback by all the interest this trip has gotten . "
Sanford Leading Opponent of Obama 's Stimulus Plan
Sanford recently emerged as an outspoken opponent to President Obama 's $ 787 billion stimulus plan , becoming the only governor to reject the federal stimulus money .
Instead of using the $ 700 million in stimulus money to fund projects , Sanford argued that the money instead be used to pay down South Carolina 's deficit , an argument rejected by the federal government .
He also lost in court when South Carolina 's Supreme Court ruled that the governor had to accept the money .
In an ABC News interview earlier this month , Sanford said the Supreme Court decision did not come as a surprise , but that he still disagreed with the federal government 's assessment that the stimulus will help boost his state 's economy .
" The problem was if you spent all the stimulus money in our state , what it meant was that you dig for yourself about a billion dollar financial hole 24 months from now , and then the question was , and then what ?
I think it 's financially reckless to embark on a journey to put you about a billion dollars in the hole in 24 months , " he said .
" The other part of the objection was the reform and restructuring that wo n't take place .
What this amount of federal money allows you to do is to pay for all the changes that would 've been made under more austere financial conditions . "
" What this medicine out of Washington does is in fact weaken our state in the long run , " he said .
Additionally , the South Carolina Legislature last week overturned all 10 of Sanford 's vetoes on the stimulus .
While he may like to keep under the radar , there were some questions -- before the news of the affair -- that Sanford may consider a run for the presidency in 2012 .
The governor told ABC News that right now , " it 's not my focus , it 's not my aim , it 's not my intent , " but added " you never say never . "
Those ambitions , some say , may be dashed for now .
You know that Adobe and Microsoft are , if not the best , at least some of the most widely used software .
Because these programs are standard , and your clients and friends use them , they are on your radar – but they cost a fortune !
How can you get the job done when you are working on a shoe string budget ?
There are other heavy - hitting software titles just like them out there that you can use .
Today , we are going to run through the best alternatives to that expensive software everyone else uses .
Microsoft Office Alternatives
Google Docs
The first , and biggest , contender in this category is Google ’s free online office suite known as Google Docs .
Sharable office computing in the cloud , it includes word processing , spreadsheet functionality and presentations , as well as stat - tracking forms that integrate with spreadsheets and docs .
Not quite as robust in some ways , it still is the main winner .
It exports to a variety of formats , including HTML , DOC , PDF , XLS , PPT and more .
Open Office
Open Office is another contender , but one that is n’t as easy to use as Google Docs .
It takes a bit of skill to get used to the interface of this open source office suite , and feedback is mixed on it as a viable alternative .
Part of what you give up when you move away from proprietary software is the ability to call tech support , and better documentation and a shorter learning curve might help more people choose Open Office .
Neo Office
If you have a Mac , you might find Neo Office a better option .
It is also open source , and has a few of the same integration and learning curve issues as Open Office .
however , it has a bit better documentation and few more vocal users who love it and are willing to share their knowledge .
Both Open Office and Neo Office offer export to various file formats to enable use with clients or colleagues who continue to use Microsoft products .
Open Office and Neo Office both have some issues handling the new DocX files from Microsoft , so you may have to ask your clients or colleagues to save “ down ” to the regular Doc and XLS formats .
Zoho
In the semi - free category we have up and comer Zoho .
Zoho offers its solutions free to individuals , at a discount to non-profits and at a fee for businesses .
It is a much more robust overall system than just Microsoft Office , and offers accounting , CRM , wiki , meeting and other solutions above and beyond an office suite .
It ’s document , spreadsheet and presentation solutions are , again , not quite as robust in features as Microsoft Office but it has some winning integrations that might make it a viable replacement , and a much lower price point to enter into if you are a business on a budget , as it works on a pay as you use it model , not a huge buy every few years .
g Office
g Office ( not to be confused with the aforementioned Google Docs ) is another tool that has word processing , spreadsheets , presentations and DTP integration .
It is very basic , so it may not do all that you want , but it is good in a pinch .
Adobe Creative Suite Alternatives
Aviary
Aviary is a freemium product suite that blows Adobe Creative Suite away , in my opinion , for being fun to use and easy to learn .
If you have n’t played with the free beta yet , or jumped to one of the paid solution tiers , you might fall in love with it when you finally do .
It also adds another element that Adobe lacks – a collaborative , social aspect where you can build a network of designers .
Aviary also introduces designers to the concept of branding and Creative Commons copyright , two things designers need to learn to integrate that Adobe offers no real education on or help with .
Seashore
Seashore is an open source alternative specific to Adobe Photoshop .
It does n’t touch on any of the vector graphics or web content offerings that the full Creative Suite handles .
Even so , it ’s quick to learn and has enough photo editing capability for the average casual user to embrace .
GIMP
GIMP is another standby , and one that offers nearly as many options for editing that Photoshop does .
Some people consider GIMP not enough of a substitute for Photoshop , but it actually does quite a bit of the same things and is handy for photo and image manipulation and editing .
InkScape
One of the nicer Open Source answers to Adobe out there is InkScape .
This open source vector graphics program goes head to head with Illustrator and does a pretty nice job competing .
It gives you one of the few reliable alternative options for vector graphics that is free .
NVU
NVU is the alternative to Adobe ’s Go Live and Macromedia ( now Adobe ’s ) Dreamweaver .
Not quite as complex as Go Live or Dreamweaver , NVU has a short learning curve for the average user who just wants to whip out a web page without having to shell out hundreds of dollars .
The folks at NVU have also made a companion program – Kompozer – that handles some of the features that NVU did not .
Both are compatible with Linux , Windows and Mac OS .
Picasa
Another alternative from is Picasa .
This image editor is designed to be a basic alternative for Photoshop , and works with the rest of the Google family of products , like Google Docs .
Adobe Acrobat Alternatives
PDFreDirect
PDFreDirect is a freemium product that lets you view , edit , create and protect PDFs .
The free version offers almost all of the same functionalities as Adobe Acrobat , and the paid version is a nice complete substitute ( however , for most people the free version is more than adequate for their needs ) .
Unfortunately , this program is Windows only – sorry Mac and Linux .
PDFescape
If you have a Java Script enabled browser you can use PDFescape to read , fill out and print PDFs online .
They also offer PDFtypewriter for creating and editing the PDF files using Java .
a bit clunky , but if you do n’t run windows or need to handle a PDF on the fly , a good solution .
PDFedit
If you like to do more manual manipulation , PDFedit may be the answer for you .
This tool allows you to edit , read and script PDF files online .
The ability to script may appeal to some who want more control .
XPDF
If you are a Unix user , XPDF is the tool for you .
It lets you do everything from write to edit , extract images and tons more .
Skim
Skim is a tool for Mac OSX that lets you annotate and read PDFs .
The notation feature can be quite handy for shared documents and collaborative uses .
PDFpen
My favorite solution for PDFs ( and faxing ) for the Mac is not altogether free .
It does offer a free trial , and a low price point , but to get all of the cool features you may want to upgrade to the paid model .
It is made by SmileOnMyMac , the people who brought us TextExpander ( another favorite tool of mine ) and is well worth the price as a complete replacement for both Adobe Acrobat and a fax machine .
The solution for PDF is called PDFpen ( the upgraded version is PDFpen Pro ) and if you add the PageSender application you can go as far as to boot your fax machine for ever , a huge cost saver .
I ’ve been fax and Acrobat free for quite some time thanks to having these tools on my Mac .
Conclusion
Those are just a highlight of the most popular free and low cost alternatives to some of the most expensive , but widely used , proprietary titles out there .
Did i miss your favorite ?
Tell me in the comments .
Click here for reuse options !
Walt Disney Pictures has released the first and very interesting promo photos from ’s “ ” featuringas the Mad Hatter , as the Red Queen andas the White Queen .
USA Today has published the first look at some of the concept art for the movie .
Click on any of the photos to enlarge .
This guest post was written by Alex Fayle , author of Someday Syndrome .
When I was seven years old , I won a foot race in last place .
An Outsider
Due to foul play at other schools , the local school district enacts a mandatory policy during recess hours that segregates the schoolyard based on gender .
Boys and girls are no longer allowed to partake in activities together .
Given that my friends are almost all girls , I feel lost .
I ’m not rough and tough enough to feel comfortable with the boys , and yet my gender excludes me from hanging with my friends , the girls .
So I learn to be an outsider .
I have a couple acquaintances in both camps , but I ’m not actively a part of either , at least not anymore .
And because I ’m an outsider , I quickly become the object of teasing .
Every tribe picks a walking , talking target of ridicule and I fall easily into this role .
With Oneself
Although the words hurt , I find strength from within to push forward , to stay who I am .
Because my parents instilled love and patience in my mind from the time I was born .
They taught me that the only valid competition is with oneself .
So I do n’t mind being me .
I just wish everyone else would learn to accept me as I am .
To add to my exclusion , I ’m fairly clumsy and athletically awkward .
I ca n’t pull my limbs together in a coordinated manner to lift myself over the high - jump bar , to propel my body through the air for the triple - jump , or to pump my legs fast enough along the race track .
I ’m never in last place , but because of my outsider status , the majority of the students spew words of ridicule at me anyways .
The other outsiders – the poor , malnourished students who wear tattered clothes to school , or the ones with physical disabilities – they get verbally harassed too .
And although they never say a word about it , I can see the pain and frustration in their eyes .
It hurts them just as much , if not more , than it hurts me .
The First Time
As the teachers group the boys together for the weekly 100 yard dash , I decide it ’s time for an outsider to win for once .
In the eyes of my classmates , I ’m already the loser .
Regardless of whether I come in first place or last , they will mock me .
I realize I have nothing to lose and everything to gain .
So I purposely run slow and let everyone pass me , even the poor boy whose ribs show through his skin , whose track and field clothes are the same as his day - to - day clothes … the one whose always in last place .
From my position just behind him , I see the teachers cheering him on .
Then suddenly , and surprisingly , some of the students join in .
I make an effort to seem like I ’m pushing myself while actually falling back more and more .
And before long , all the students are cheering him on .
“ You got it ! ” they chant .
“ You ’re almost there ! ”
The boy crosses the finish line and looks back at me .
He has a smile on his face stretching from one end of the schoolyard to the other .
It ’s the first time he ’s not in last place .
I pant across the finish line and receive the usual jeers , but I smile too .
Because today I learned how to win in a way many of my classmates will never understand .
I may have finished in last place .
But I won the race .
Alex Fayle , of Someday Syndrome , is a former procrastinator who uses his visionary ability to uncover hidden patterns and help you break the procrastination obstacle so that you can finally find freedom and start living the life you desire .
1989 : Alexey Pajitnov , the inventor of Tetris , became a celebrity thanks to his creation - but he was unable to profit from his creation for many years because the Soviet state owned the concept
Photograph : Sipa Press / Rex Features
Apple late in the night released an updated build of Mac OS X 10.6 , 10A286 , to registered ADC developers .
According to an Ars reader familiar with the test build , the shrinking list of known issues is a good sign that the OS is " getting polished up . "
Our source indicated that the new items in the build include a revised QuickTime Player , which has a " minimal UI " that is more suited to a better playback experience .
More of the Finder has gotten a Cocoa makeover , including the Desktop , Get Info window , and Contextual Menus .
And the current Safari 4 beta has replaced the previous Safari 4 developer preview as the default browser .
If these features — along with the major architectural improvements going on underneath the surface — have you interested , AppleInsider reports that text handling in Snow Leopard will also receive some major productivity enhancements .
As an example of a feature moving from iPhone OS to Mac OS proper , Snow Leopard will gain an automatic typing correction feature .
Unlike the iPhone implementation , which gives the user an option to ignore the correction , the version in Mac OS X would just correct common misspellings as soon as the spacebar is hit ( without the pop - up bubble to cancel it ) .
In addition , Snow Leopard will have an OS - wide ability to use what Apple is calling " Substitutions . "
Like the " replace text as you type " ability in Microsoft Word , or at least some of the functionality of programs like Text Expander , typing " ( c ) " for instance , will be replaced with a proper � glyph .
In a slightly less trivial example , " IL " could be replaced with " Infinite Loop , " or whatever a user chooses .
AppleInsider 's sources say some substitutions are already defined in the latest developer build , and these substitutions can be individually activated or deactivated , along with any user - defined additions .
These simple substitutions wo n't replace the advanced functionality of stand - alone apps , but for many it will be a nice convenience .
Finally , the update to Mac OS X will see more system - wide integration of Services and Data Detectors .
Services are small bits of functionality that can be applied to a selection of text and accessed via the Application menu .
However , Snow Leopard will add access to some services directly in a contextual menu of a selection .
And Data Detectors , which currently work in Mail to automatically identify contact information or dates , will work in any application that uses Mac OS X's Core Text engine .
The last test build of Snow Leopard was released to developers just a month ago .
Based on statements made as last year 's WWDC , Snow Leopard should be released sometime this June .
Nice People Take Drugs – it 's not a controversial statement .
We all know people who have .
The last three US presidents have admitted to it .
Much has been suggested about the likely next UK prime minister .
Nowadays if a politician admitted to it , the tabloids would struggle to make a story stick let alone generate a scandal .
The fact is , a lot of people from all walks of life have at some point taken drugs and it's time we got real about it .
That 's why this week we have launched a new campaign called Nice People Take Drugs .
Buses will be travelling across London carrying this slogan in an attempt to get people talking about drugs and kickstart a drug policy debate .
Over one third of the adult population of England and Wales has used illegal drugs and almost 10 million people have smoked cannabis .
According to the European Monitoring Centre for Drugs and Drug Addiction , one in eight Britons under 35 has taken cocaine .
Some will have experimented with drugs with little apparent consequence , some will continue to use them on occasions .
The situation where people have to deny , hide or , if found out , regret their drug taking is simply absurd .
The public is tired of the artificial representation of drugs in society , which is not truthful about the fact that all sorts of people use drugs .
If we are to have a fair and effective drug policy , it must be premised on this reality .
It is time for the public to challenge the mantra adhered to by politicians and much of the media that society must continue to fight a war on drugs , as if they are an enemy worth fighting and ones that can be defeated .
The implication that drugs are evil and that users of them ought to be made to feel ashamed suits this status quo , but in fact does not reflect most people 's experience of drugs .
We all know that , for a minority , drugs and alcohol can have disastrous consequences – but ones that are only exacerbated by the current laws and are better addressed with robust and comprehensive public health campaigns .
Aside from the occasional tinkering with the outdated classification system , drugs and drug policy do not get properly discussed and politicians are afraid to debate the possibility of meaningful reform .
The government is reluctant to tackle the subject firstly because of the culture of fear of drugs that is used as justification for the zero - tolerance approach , and also due to politicians ' uncertainty about how to make the transition from failed to improved drug policies .
The Nice People Take Drugs campaign is needed so that the public can give politicians the confidence that they need to abandon the ridiculous ' tough on drugs ' stance and instead focus on finding real and effective ways to properly control drugs and manage drug use .
This would make drugs much less dangerous and , critically , less available to children .
The current system has brought us powerful drugs like crack cocaine , skunk and methamphetamine ; it has ravaged countries from Afghanistan to Colombia and has cost billions in a war on people who use drugs .
Governments have next to no control over drugs and they are arguably more available and cheaper than ever before .
In the UK it is often far easier for a 14 - year - old to get cannabis than alcohol .
Breaking the taboo on drugs is the first step to reducing the harm that they can cause .
By far the greatest risk to the majority of people who use drugs is criminalisation and stigmatisation .
To simply ban substances and arrest those who use them is no more than a complete abdication of policy makers ' responsibility to protect the health and well being of its people .
We must start a debate about the kind of drug policy that this country wants to see .
The UK does not want drug laws that benefit massive drug cartels and are politically convenient for politicians , but ones that deal effectively and maturely with drugs and make our society a safer place for our children .
• Claudia Rubin is head of policy and communications for drugs charity Release
The Justice Department is reportedly investigating major tech companies for possibly violating antitrust laws with their hiring practices .
The department sent “ civil investigative demands ” ( written requests for documents and information ) to at least a dozen tech companies , including Google , Apple , Yahoo , and biotech company Genentech .
The question is , have some of these companies agreed not to recruit each other ’s employees ?
Assistant Attorney General Christine Varney , who was confirmed to head the Justice Department ’s antitrust division in April , has said she plans to take a more aggressive approach to antitrust enforcement .
This is a separate investigation from the Federal Trade Commission ’s inquiry into whether the close board ties between Google and Apple violate antitrust laws .
The Deal first reported the investigation on Friday , citing anonymous sources , but a Washington Post article this evening set off the recent flurry of coverage .
A note for media nerds :
The Post is getting credit for breaking the story , but I actually received an email from The Deal about the investigation several hours before The Post published .
Unfortunately , I ca n’t link to The Deal ’s story ( and it ’s not showing up in Google News ) because it ’s hidden in The Deal Pipeline , which is the site ’s pay section .
[ Image credit : carpefactum.typepad.com ]
The embrace by any society of permanent war is a parasite that devours the heart and soul of a nation .
Permanent war extinguishes liberal , democratic movements .
It turns culture into nationalist cant .
It degrades and corrupts education and the media , and wrecks the economy .
The liberal , democratic forces , tasked with maintaining an open society , become impotent .
The collapse of liberalism , whether in imperial Russia , the Austro - Hungarian Empire or Weimar Germany , ushers in an age of moral nihilism .
This moral nihilism comes is many colors and hues .
It rants and thunders in a variety of slogans , languages and ideologies .
It can manifest itself in fascist salutes , communist show trials or Christian crusades .
It is , at its core , all the same .
It is the crude , terrifying tirade of mediocrities who find their identities and power in the perpetuation of permanent war .
It was a decline into permanent war , not Islam , which killed the liberal , democratic movements in the Arab world , ones that held great promise in the early part of the 20th century in countries such as Egypt , Syria , Lebanon and Iran .
It is a state of permanent war that is finishing off the liberal traditions in Israel and the United States .
The moral and intellectual trolls — the Dick Cheneys , the Avigdor Liebermans , the Mahmoud Ahmadinejads — personify the moral nihilism of perpetual war .
They manipulate fear and paranoia .
They abolish civil liberties in the name of national security .
They crush legitimate dissent .
They bilk state treasuries .
They stoke racism .
“ War , ” Randolph Bourne commented acidly , “ is the health of the state . ”
In “ Pentagon Capitalism ” Seymour Melman described the defense industry as viral .
Defense and military industries in permanent war , he wrote , trash economies .
They are able to upend priorities .
They redirect government expenditures toward their huge military projects and starve domestic investment in the name of national security .
We produce sophisticated fighter jets , while Boeing is unable to finish its new commercial plane on schedule .
Our automotive industry goes bankrupt .
We sink money into research and development of weapons systems and neglect renewable energy technologies to fight global warming .
Universities are flooded with defense - related cash and grants , and struggle to find money for environmental studies .
This is the disease of permanent war .
Massive military spending in this country , climbing to nearly $ 1 trillion a year and consuming half of all discretionary spending , has a profound social cost .
Bridges and levees collapse .
Schools decay .
Domestic manufacturing declines .
Trillions in debts threaten the viability of the currency and the economy .
The poor , the mentally ill , the sick and the unemployed are abandoned .
Human suffering , including our own , is the price for victory .
Citizens in a state of permanent war are bombarded with the insidious militarized language of power , fear and strength that mask an increasingly brittle reality .
The corporations behind the doctrine of permanent war — who have corrupted Leon Trotsky ’s doctrine of permanent revolution — must keep us afraid .
Fear stops us from objecting to government spending on a bloated military .
Fear means we will not ask unpleasant questions of those in power .
Fear means that we will be willing to give up our rights and liberties for security .
Fear keeps us penned in like domesticated animals .
Melman , who coined the term permanent war economy to characterize the American economy , wrote that since the end of the Second World War , the federal government has spent more than half its tax dollars on past , current and future military operations .
It is the largest single sustaining activity of the government .
The military - industrial establishment is a very lucrative business .
It is gilded corporate welfare .
Defense systems are sold before they are produced .
Military industries are permitted to charge the federal government for huge cost overruns .
Massive profits are always guaranteed .
Foreign aid is given to countries such as Egypt , which receives some $ 3 billion in assistance and is required to buy American weapons with $ 1.3 billion of the money .
The taxpayers fund the research , development and building of weapons systems and then buy them on behalf of foreign governments .
It is a bizarre circular system .
It defies the concept of a free - market economy .
These weapons systems are soon in need of being updated or replaced .
They are hauled , years later , into junkyards where they are left to rust .
It is , in economic terms , a dead end .
It sustains nothing but the permanent war economy .
Those who profit from permanent war are not restricted by the economic rules of producing goods , selling them for a profit , then using the profit for further investment and production .
They operate , rather , outside of competitive markets .
They erase the line between the state and the corporation .
They leech away the ability of the nation to manufacture useful products and produce sustainable jobs .
Melman used the example of the New York City Transit Authority and its allocation in 2003 of $ 3 billion to $ 4 billion for new subway cars .
New York City asked for bids , and no American companies responded .
Melman argued that the industrial base in America was no longer centered on items that maintain , improve , or are used to build the nation ’s infrastructure .
New York City eventually contracted with companies in Japan and Canada to build its subway cars .
Melman estimated that such a contract could have generated , directly and indirectly , about 32,000 jobs in the United States .
In another instance , of 100 products offered in the 2003 L.L. Bean catalogue , Melman found that 92 were imported and only eight were made in the United States .
The late Sen. J. William Fulbright described the reach of the military - industrial establishment in his 1970 book “ The Pentagon Propaganda Machine . ”
Fulbright explained how the Pentagon influenced and shaped public opinion through multimillion - dollar public relations campaigns , Defense Department films , close ties with Hollywood producers , and use of the commercial media .
The majority of the military analysts on television are former military officials , many employed as consultants to defense industries , a fact they rarely disclose to the public .
Barry R. McCaffrey , a retired four - star Army general and military analyst for NBC News , was , The New York Times reported , at the same time an employee of Defense Solutions Inc. , a consulting firm .
He profited , the article noted , from the sale of the weapons systems and expansion of the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan he championed over the airwaves .
Our permanent war economy has not been challenged by Obama and the Democratic Party .
They support its destructive fury because it funds them .
They validate its evil assumptions because to take them on is political suicide .
They repeat the narrative of fear because it keeps us dormant .
They do this because they have become weaker than the corporate forces that profit from permanent war .
The hollowness of our liberal classes , such as the Democrats , empowers the moral nihilists .
A state of permanent war means the inevitable death of liberalism .
Dick Cheney may be palpably evil while Obama is merely weak , but to those who seek to keep us in a state of permanent war , it does not matter .
They get what they want .
Fyodor Dostoevsky wrote “ Notes From the Underground ” to illustrate what happens to cultures when a liberal class , like ours , becomes sterile , defeated dreamers .
The main character in “ Notes From the Underground ” carries the bankrupt ideas of liberalism to their logical extreme .
He becomes the enlightenment ideal .
He eschews passion and moral purpose .
He is rational .
He prizes realism over sanity , even in the face of self - destruction .
These acts of accommodation doom the Underground Man , as it doomed imperial Russia and as it will doom us .
“ I never even managed to become anything : neither wicked nor good , neither a scoundrel nor an honest man , neither a hero nor an insect , ” the Underground Man wrote .
“ And now I am living out my life in my corner , taunting myself with the spiteful and utterly futile consolation that it is even impossible for an intelligent man seriously to become anything , and only fools become something . ”
We have been drawn into the world of permanent war by these fools .
We allow fools to destroy the continuity of life , to tear apart all systems — economic , social , environmental and political — that sustain us .
Dostoevsky was not dismayed by evil .
He was dismayed by a society that no longer had the moral fortitude to confront the fools .
These fools are leading us over the precipice .
What will rise up from the ruins will not be something new , but the face of the monster that has , until then , remained hidden behind the facade .
Currently , the banksters are getting most of the bad press , but over the last four to six weeks , the pharmaceutical companies have had their share , and just as deservedly .
The latest came in today 's Washington Post The response by Pfizer is a curious one .
The children died of meningitis , the very infection their drug was supposed to cure .
Something about that logic appears , at the very least , to be quite tortured .
That might be because of the backstory : Nice .
Pfizer did n't take the standard and required steps for such a trial .
It falsified a key document .
It even messed with the dosage of the comparison drug , one that might have been less dangerous and more effective than Trovan .
What the company did was go to a Third World country where it assumed it would n't get busted for such horrendous behavior .
I mean , who cares about Nigerian kids ?
And the time line is certainly interesting .
The drug trial in Nigeria took place in 1996 , and was clearly designed to be part of the research which would get the company FDA approval for the drug , which it got in 1998 , but only for adults .
However , the side effects even for adults were so bad that the FDA placed restrictions on its use and Europe banned it completely .
Twelve years later , Pfizer finally agreed to settle the criminal case by paying a fine , apparently of $ 75 million .
In the general scheme of things , that 's peanuts , and Pfizer knows it .
The company is getting off cheaply , so cheaply that it no doubt made the whole escapade worth it .
Words fail me .
Labels : PHARMA
Update :
The information below is now out of date , please do not blindly rely on the strategies and technologies listed !
Important : Please check the excellent comments provided by iRevolution readers below for additional tactics / technologies and corrections .
The purpose of this blog post was to inform and elicit feedback so thank you very much for improving on what I ’ve written !
FYI – I tried keep an up - to - date guide based on the comments below but was too busy to continue .
Please see this link ( Doc ) .
I ’m preparing to give a presentation at The Fletcher Summer Institute for the Advanced Study of Nonviolent Conflict ( FSI 2009 ) .
The focus of my presentation will be on digital security , i.e. , how to communicate safely and securely in repressive , non-permissive environments .
I ’d be very grateful for feedback on the information below .
Introduction
Core to effective strategic nonviolent action is the need to remain proactive and on the offensive ; the rationale being that both the resistance movement and repressive regime have an equal amount of time allocated when the show - down begins .
If the movement becomes idle at any point , this may give the regime the opportunity to regain the upper hand , or vice versa .
The same principle is found in Clausewitz ’s writings on war .
Nonviolent resistance movements are typically driven by students , i.e. , young people , who are increasingly born digital natives .
With expanding access to mobile phones , social networking software and online platforms for user - generated content such as blogs , the immediate financial cost of speaking out against repressive regimes is virtually nil .
So resistance movements are likely to make even more use of new communication technology and digital media in the future .
In fact , they already are .
At the same time , however , the likelihood and consequences of getting caught are high , especially for those political activists without any background or training in digital security .
Indeed , recent research by Digital Democracy research suggests that organizational hierarchies are being broken down as youth adopt new technologies .
While this empowers them they are also put at risk since they do n’t tend to be as consequence - conscious as their adult counterparts .
Empire Strikes Back
It is no myth that repressive regimes are becoming increasingly more savvy in their ability to effectively employ sophisticated filtering , censoring , monitoring technologies ( often courtesy of American companies like Cisco ) to crack down on resistance movements .
In other words , political activists need to realize that their regimes are becoming smarter and more effective , not dumber and hardly clueless .
That said , there are notable — at times surprising — loopholes .
During the recent election violence in Iran , for example , facebook.com was blocked but not facebook.com/home.php .
In any case , repressive regimes will continue to block more sites impose information blockades because they tend to view new media and digital technologies as a threat .
Perhaps technologies of liberation are a force more powerful ?
In order to remain on the offensive against repressive regimes , nonviolent civil resistance movements need to ensure they are up to speed on digital security , if only for defense purposes .
Indeed , I am particularly struck by the number of political activists in repressive regimes who are n’t aware of the serious risks they take when they use their mobile phones or the Internet to communicate with other activists .
Adaptive Learning
One way to stay ahead is to make the learning curve less steep for political activists and to continually update them with the latest tested tactics and technologies .
To be sure , one way to keep the upper hand in this cyber game of cat - and - mouse is to continue adapting and learning as quickly as possible .
We need to ensure that feedback mechanisms are in place .
There are clearly trade - offs between security and convenience or usability , particularly in the context of technologies .
As DigiActive notes in the graphic below , the most secure tactics and technologies may not be the most convenient or easy to deploy .
Most political activists are not tech - savvy .
This means that digital activists need to design tactics and technologies that are easy to learn and deploy .
The tactics and technologies listed in the next sections fall into all four different quadrants to one extent or another .
It is important that political activists at minimum master the easy and convenient digital security tactics and technologies identified in this blog post .
Recall that both sides are allocated an equal amount of time to plan and execute their operations .
Accelerating the learning process is one way for activist networks to remain pro-active and stay ahead of the curve .
This is in part is the role that DigiActive seeks to play .
Unlike the hierarchical , centralized structures of repressive regimes , networks have more flexibility and feedback loops , which make them more adaptable .
The normative motivation behind my research on digital resistance is based on the recognition by “ many scholars and practitioners [… ] that the techniques associated with strategic nonviolent social movements are greatly enhanced by access to modern information communication technologies , such as mobile telephony , short message service ( SMS ) , email and the World Wide Web , among others ” ( Walker 2007 ) .
The potential to leverage those techniques is what makes Digital Security so important to integrate in the strategic and tactical repertoire of civil resistance movements .
Digital Security
I define digital security ( DS ) in the context of digital resistance as the art and science of staying safe when communicating in non-permissive environments .
The reason I call it both an art and a science is to emphasize that both tactics and technology play an important role in staying safe when facing repression .
So the DS framework I want to propose is two - pronged : tactics vs. technology , and safety vs. security .
I call it the 4 - square approach for obvious reasons :
DS tactics : these can be “ technology free ” tactics as well as tactics that apply communication technology .
DS technologies : these include both high - tech and low - tech technologies that are designed to improve safe and secure communication in repressive environments .
Personal safety : in this context refers to physical , personal safety when communicating in non-permissive environments .
Data Security : refers to the security of the data when communicated from one devise to another .
As the graphic above suggests , personal safety and data security are a function of both tactics and technologies .
For example , data security is best ensured when combining tactics and technologies .
What follows is a list of tactics and technologies for communicating safely and securely in repressive environments .
The list is divided into technology categories and the bullet points are listed in order of relative convenience and easy to more complicated but more secure .
Note that the information below is in no way meant to be exhaustive , so pleasedo send suggestions !
( See also the conclusion for a list of reference and suggestions on further reading ) .
Digital Security Tactics
As mentioned above , DS tactics come as both technology - free tactics and tactics that relate to communication technology .
For example , making sure to pay for a sim card in cash and out of sight of security cameras is a technology - free tactic that increases the chances of staying safe .
Removing the batteries from your mobile phone to prevent it from being geo-located is a tactic that relates to the technology and also increases your safety .
DS tactics can also improve data security when communicating information .
“ Sneakernet ” is a technology - free tactic to share information .
The term is used to describe tactics whereby the transfer of electronic information such computer files is done by physically carryingremovable media such as hard drives and disk drives .
In contrast , using encryption software for mobile phones is a tactic that uses technology .
The communication may be intercepted by eavesdroppers but they may be unable to decipher the message itself .
These tactics are listed below along with a number of other important ones .
Please keep in mind that tactics are case - and context - specific .
They need to be adapted to the local situation .
Mobile Phones Purchase your mobile phone far from where you live .
Buy lower - end , simple phones that do not allow third - party applications to be installed .
Higher - end ones with more functionalities carry more risk .
Use cash to purchase your phone and SIM card .
Avoid town centers and find small or second - hand shops as these are unlikely to have security cameras .
Do not give your real details if asked ; many shops do not ask for proof of ID .
Use multiple SIM cards and multiple phones and only use pay - as - you go options ; they are more expensive but required for anonymity .
Remove the batteries from your phone if you do not want to be geo-located and keep the SIM card out of the phone when not in use and store in separate places .
Use your phone while in a moving vehicle to reduces probability of geo-location .
Never say anything that may incriminate you in any way .
Use code .
Use Beeping instead of SMS whenever possible .
Standard text messages are visible to the network operator , including location , phone and SIM card identifiers .
According to this recent paper , the Chinese government has established 2,800 SMS surveillance centers around the country to monitor and censor text messages .
The Chinese firm Venus Info Tech Ltd sells real - time content monitoring and filtering for SMS .
Use fake names for your address book and memorize the more important numbers .
Frequently delete your text messages and call history and replace them with random text messages and calls .
The data on your phone is only deleted if it is written over with new data .
This means that deleted SMS and contact numbers can sometimes be retrieved ( with a free tool like unDeleteSMS .
Check your phone ’s settings to see whether it can be set to not store sent texts messages and calls .
Eavesdropping in mobile phone conversations is technically complicated although entirely possible using commercially available technology .
Do not take mobile phones with you to meetings as they can be turned into potential listening / tracking devices .
Network operators can remotely activate a phone as a recording device regardless of whether someone is using the phone or whether the phen is even switched on .
This functionality is available on US networks .
Network operators can also access messages or contact information stored on the SIM card .
If surveillance takes place with the co-operation of the operator , little can be done to prevent the spying .
Mobile viruses tend to spread easily via Bluetooth so the latter should be turned off when not in use .
Using open Bluetooth on phones in group situations , e.g. , to share pictures , etc. , can be dangerous .
At the same time , it is difficult to incriminate any one person and a good way to share information when the cell phone network and Internet are down .
Discard phones that have been tracked and burn them ; it is not sufficient to simply destroy the SIM card and re-use the phone .
Digital Cameras
Keep the number of sensitive pictures on your camera to a minimum .
Add plenty of random non-threatening pictures ( not of individuals ) and have these safe pictures locked so when you do a “ delete all ” these pictures stay on the card .
Keep the battery out of the camera when not in use so it ca n’t be turned on by others .
Practice taking pictures without having to look at the view screen .
Computers / Laptops
Use passphrases for all your sensitive data .
Keep your most sensitive files on flash disks and find safe places to hide them .
Have a contingency plan to physically destroy or get rid of your computer at short notice .
Flash disks
Purchase flash disks that do n’t look like flash disks .
Keep flash disks hidden .
Email communication Use code .
Use passphrases instead of passwords and change them regularly .
Use letters , numbers and other characters to make them “ c0mpLeX ! ” .
Do not use personal information and changer your passphrases each month .
Do not use the same password for multiple sites .
Never use real names for email addresses and use multiple addresses .
Discard older email accounts on a regular basis and create new ones .
Know the security , safety and privacy policies of providers and monitor any chances ( see terms of service tracker ) .
Browsers and websites
Turn off java and other potentially malicious add - ons .
Learn IP addresses of visited websites so that history shows only numbers and not names .
When browsing on a public computer , delete your private data ( search history , passwords , etc. ) before you leave .
When signing up for an account where you will be publishing sensitive media , do not use your personal email address and do n’t give personal information .
Do n’t download any software from pop-ups , they may be malicious and attack your computer or record your actions online .
Do not be logged in to any sensitive site while having another site open .
VoIP
Just because your talking online does n’t mean you are not under surveillance .
As with a cell or landline , use code do not give salient details about your activities , and do not make incriminating statements .
Remember that your online activities can be surveilled using offline techniques .
It does n’t matter if you are using encrypted VOIP at a cyber cafe if the person next to you is an under - cover police officer .
When possible , do not make sensitive VOIP calls in a cyber cafe .
It is simply too easy for someone to overhear you .
If you must , use code that does n’t stand out .
Blogs and social networking sites
Know the laws in your country pertaining to liability , libel , etc .
When signing up for a blog account where you will be publishing sensitive content , do not use you personal email address or information .
In your blog posts and profile page , do not post pictures of yourself or your friends , do not use your real name , and do not give personal details that could help identify you ( town , school , employer , etc. ) .
Blog platforms like wordpress allow uses to automatically publish a post on a designated date and time .
Use this functionality to auto - publish on a different day when you are away from the computer .
On social networks , create one account for activism under a false but real - sounding name ( so your account wo n’t be deleted ) but do n’t tell your friends about it .
The last thing you want is a friend writing on your wall or tagging you in a photo and giving away your identity .
Even if you delete your account on a social networking site , your data will remain , so be very careful about taking part in political actions ( i.e. , joining sensitive groups ) online .
Never join a sensitive group with your real account .
Use your fake account to join activism groups .
( The fake account should not be linked to your fake email ) .
Do n’t use paid services .
Your credit card can be linked back to you .
File sharing
Use a shared Gmail account with a common passphrase and simply save emails instead of sending .
Change passphrase monthly .
For sharing offline , do not label storage devices ( CDs , flash drives ) with the true content .
If you burn a CD with an illegal video or piece of software on it , write an album label on it .
Do n’t leave storage devices in places where they would be easily found if your office or home were searched ( i.e. , on a table , in a desk drawer ) .
Keep copies of your data on two flash drives and keep them hidden in separate locations .
When thinking of safe locations , consider who else has access .
Heavily - traveled locations are less safe .
Do n’t travel with sensitive data on you unless absolutely necessary .
If you need to , make sure to hide it on your person or “ camouflage ” it ( label a data CD as a pop music CD ) .
See Sneakernet .
Internet Cafes
Assume you are being watched .
Assume computers at cyber cafes are tracking key strokes and capturing screenshots .
Avoid cyber cafes without an easy exit and have a contingency plan if you need to leave rapidly .
Digital Security Technologies
When combine with the tactics described above , the following technologies can help you stay safe and keep your data relatively more secure .
Mobile phones Use CryptoSMS , SMS 007 or Kryptext to text securely ( this requires java - based phones ) .
Use Android Guardian as soon as it becomes available .
Access mobile versions of websites as they are usually not blocked .
In addition , connecting to mobile websites provides for faster connections .
Digital cameras
Use scrubbing software such as : JPEG stripper to remove the metadata ( Exif data ) from your pictures before you upload / email .
Have a safe Secure Digital Card ( SD ) that you can swap in .
Preferably , use a mini SD card with a mini SD - SD converter .
Then place the mini SD into a compatible phone for safekeeping .
Email communication
Use https when using Gmail .
Use encrypted email platforms such as Hushmail and RiseUp .
Browsers and websites Use Firefox and get certain plugins to follow website tracking such as ghostery and adblock , adart to remove ads / trackers .
User Tor software or Psiphon to browse privately and securely .
I shan’t list access points for secure browsers , Proxy servers and VPNs here .
Please email me for a list .
Always use https in “ Settings / General / Browser Connection . ”
VoIP Use Skype but not TOM Skype ( Chinese version ) .
Note that Skype is not necessarily 100 % secure since no one has access to the source code to verify .
Off The Record ( OTR ) is a good encryption plugin .
For example , use Pidgin with OTR ( you need to add the plug - in yourself ) .
Gizmo offer encryption for voice conversations , and then only if you are calling another VoIP user , as opposed to a mobile or landline telephone .
However , because neither application is open - source , independent experts have been unable to test them fully and ensure that they are secure .
Adium is a free IM application for Macs with built - in OTR encryption that integrates most other IM applications .
Blogs and social networking platforms
There are no safe social networks .
The best way to be safe on a social network is fake account and a proxy server .
The anonymous blogging platform Invisiblog no longer exists , so the best bet now is WordPress +
Proxy ( preferably Tor ) + anonymity of content .
Log out of facebook.com when not using the site .
File sharing Use Drop.io to create a private , secure media sharing site .
Use BasecampHQ with secure / SSL option to create more specific usernames and passwords for each user or remote site .
Internet Cafe
Tor can be installed on flash disk and used at Internet cafe and also used from LiveCDs if flash drives are not allowed .
Other potential tech
Conclusion
The above material was collected in part from these sources :
As mentioned above , please send suggestions and / or corrections as well as updates .
And again , please do check the comments below .
Thanks !
Patrick Philippe Meier
June 2 , 2009
Despite complaints of right - wing blowhards about the bankruptcy and government takeover of auto giant GM , it 's autoworkers , their families and communities who are getting screwed .
THE BANKRUPTCY and government takeover of General Motors marks the end of an era in which U.S. capitalism could claim to offer an " American dream " of rising standards of living for working people -- and highlights a grim future for workers under American capitalism .
GM was once the quintessential industrial powerhouse , synonymous with the dominance of U.S. capitalism worldwide .
Now GM is a symbol of the decline of U.S. capitalism .
From AIG to GM , American capitalists ' short - term obsession with profits and their religious faith in the free market contributed mightily to an epic collapse .
Even before the auto industry 's crash , the current recession had already shattered the lives of millions of working people in the U.S .
For the last 30 years , workers have been forced to compensate for stagnant or falling wages with ever - increasing amounts of debt .
The financial meltdown and the housing bust put an end to that , wiping out tens of billions of dollars in household wealth .
Now comes rising unemployment , reductions in wages and benefits , and deep cuts in public spending on education and health care .
The bankruptcy of GM -- and Chrysler before it -- will only accelerate those trends .
But none of that bothers right - wingers in Congress or conservative commentators .
To them , the deal that gives the federal government 60 percent control over GM is further evidence of President Barack Obama 's " socialism . "
" What we 've done ... it's the road toward socialism , government intervention in the market in a big way , " said Sen. Richard Shelby ( R - Ala . ) .
" I 'm sure they have n't cut enough , and there are n't enough concessions there . "
Shelby , of course , was all for handing out government money when the state of Alabama gave $ 530 million in tax breaks to BMW , Honda and Toyota to get those automakers to build factories in his state -- all nonunion , of course .
The Wall Street Journal editorial page sounded a similar theme .
" The new agreement simplifies some work rules and job descriptions but makes no reductions in hourly pay , pensions or health care for active workers , " the Journal complained .
It was forgetting that the United Auto Workers ( UAW ) agreed to forgive a $ 20 billion debt that GM owes the union for a retiree health care fund .
Instead , the UAW health care trust fund will get 17.5 percent of company stock -- which is highly unlikely to ever be worth enough to pay for retirees ' health care .
At Chrysler , the UAW health care trust fund will get 55 percent of company stock under the takeover by Fiat - - but that 's even more likely to force cuts in retiree health care .
And at both Chrysler and GM , the UAW gave up the right to strike until 2015 -- and contract negations will apparently be replaced by arbitration .
So despite the complaints of right - wing blowhards , it 's autoworkers , their families and communities who are getting screwed .
With 14 GM plants set to close , the company 's UAW workforce will be downsized from 64,000 today to just 40,000 - - compared to 450,000 in the late 1970s .
And as better - paid autoworkers retire , most will be replaced with new hires earning just about half the current top wage of about $ 28 per hour , thanks to a contract concession made several years ago .
That means that the UAW , once the pacesetter in winning improvements in wages and conditions for U.S. workers , is now collaborating with Corporate America in its race to the bottom .
As Labor Notes ' Jane Slaughter put it , " From now on , working for the auto companies will be just another bust - your - hump factory job . "
THE IMPACT OF GM'S collapse -- and that of Chrysler before it -- marks the convergence of three crises : the worst recession since the 1930s ; the resulting acceleration of a long - term decline of decently paid , unionized manufacturing jobs ; and the rollback of what little exists of a welfare state in the U.S .
Under these conditions , the impact of the auto crisis will radiate throughout the economy -- not only in its direct effects on related industries like auto parts and steel , but in setting an example for employers who are determined to cut wages and benefits .
Of course , even in its heyday , GM was never the utopia for autoworkers that right - wingers imagine .
The company was notorious for the brutal pace of its assembly lines , its militaristic discipline and constant attempts to undermine union power in the workplace .
If the company set the standards for blue - collar wages and benefits , it 's only because the union was powerful enough to fight for them and win .
Over the last 30 years , however , the UAW has been unwilling or unable to resist continuous cuts in jobs .
Hourly pay was effectively limited to increases in the rate of inflation .
And now , as the Obama administration triumphantly proclaims , " the concessions that the UAW agreed to are more aggressive than what the Bush administration originally demanded in its loan agreement with GM . "
But none of this is good enough for anti-union forces , which never forgave the UAW for its radical beginnings in the 1930s that included illegal factory occupations and clashes with police and the National Guard .
While media commentators may complain about GM 's terrible management and disastrous investment decisions , they concentrate their fire on " overpaid " autoworkers for causing the company 's problems -- even though labor costs account for less than 10 percent of GM vehicles ' costs .
THE AUTO crisis should be an opportunity to forge ahead in new directions for the U.S. economy -- to meet goals the Obama administration claims it supports , like creating jobs and supporting green industries .
But as former labor secretary Robert Reich pointed on the public radio program Marketplace , the government is n't spending $ 50 billion to save jobs , since the Obama administration 's plans call for the elimination of 21,000 positions at GM .
The only logic to the government intervention , Reich argued , is to soften the economic blows from GM 's unraveling :
But if the purpose is to help the Midwest adapt to industrial decline , investing that much money in GM seems an inefficient way to accomplish it .
Would n't it be better to use the money to convert GM and other declining manufacturing companies into producing what America needs , such as light rail systems and new energy efficient materials , and training laid - off autoworkers for the technician jobs of the future ?
Filmmaker Michael Moore made a similar argument , calling for the conversion of GM factories to social needs , modeled on the changeover from car manufacturing to military production during the Second World War :
President Obama , now that he has taken control of GM , needs to convert the factories to new and needed uses immediately :
Do n't put another $ 30 billion into the coffers of GM to build cars .
Instead , use that money to keep the current workforce -- and most of those who have been laid off -- employed so that they can build the new modes of 21st century transportation .
Let them start the conversion work now .
Instead , the Obama administration is using bankruptcy as a means to beat down the UAW and lure private capital into taking over a profitable " new GM " that 's rid of its debt and unwanted assets .
" The [ administration 's ] GM / auto task force plan for bankruptcy and restructuring -- shaped by a secretive , unaccountable group of Wall Street expats without expertise in the industry -- seems designed above all to perpetuate GM as a corporate entity , " wrote left - wing journalist Robert Weissman .
The GM and Chrysler bankruptcy proceedings fit perfectly with Obama 's banker - friendly economic policy : a thinly disguised state capitalism in which the government bails out and props up failed companies , but hides behind private managers in order to dodge political responsibility for everything from rising home foreclosures and the bankers ' outrageous executive pay to auto factory closures .
The collapse of GM is a signal moment in the history of U.S. capitalism .
A stronger and more militant labor movement could seize the opportunity to call for new economic priorities that not only maintain good - paying manufacturing jobs , but create millions more of them .
Instead , the bankers and their enablers in the Obama administration are calling the shots .
That means the autoworkers and other workers will keep paying the price for this crisis -- until they 're organized enough to fight back .
by Gary Fields , ( Source : Wall Street Journal )
14 May 2009
— —-
Kerlikowske Says Analogy Is Counterproductive ; Shift Aligns With Administration Preference for Treatment Over Incarceration
WASHINGTON — The Obama administration ’s new drug czar says he wants to banish the idea that the U.S. is fighting “ a war on drugs , ” a move that would underscore a shift favoring treatment over incarceration in trying to reduce illicit drug use .
In his first interview since being confirmed to head the White House Office of National Drug Control Policy , Gil Kerlikowske said Wednesday the bellicose analogy was a barrier to dealing with the nation ’s drug issues .
“ Regardless of how you try to explain to people it ’s a ‘ war on drugs ’ or a ‘ war on a product , ’ people see a war as a war on them , ” he said .
“ We ’re not at war with people in this country . ”
View Full Image Gil Kerlikowske , the new White House drug czar , signaled Wednesday his openness to rethinking the government ’s approach to fighting drug use .
Mr. Kerlikowske ’s comments are a signal that the Obama administration is set to follow a more moderate — and likely more controversial — stance on the nation ’s drug problems .
Prior administrations talked about pushing treatment and reducing demand while continuing to focus primarily on a tough criminal - justice approach .
The Obama administration is likely to deal with drugs as a matter of public health rather than criminal justice alone , with treatment ’s role growing relative to incarceration , Mr. Kerlikowske said .
Already , the administration has called for an end to the disparity in how crimes involving crack cocaine and powder cocaine are dealt with .
Critics of the law say it unfairly targeted African - American communities , where crack is more prevalent .
The administration also said federal authorities would no longer raid medical - marijuana dispensaries in the 13 states where voters have made medical marijuana legal .
Agents had previously done so under federal law , which does n’t provide for any exceptions to its marijuana prohibition .
During the presidential campaign , President Barack Obama also talked about ending the federal ban on funding for needle - exchange programs , which are used to stem the spread of HIV among intravenous - drug users .
The drug czar does n’t have the power to enforce any of these changes himself , but Mr. Kerlikowske plans to work with Congress and other agencies to alter current policies .
He said he has n’t yet focused on U.S. policy toward fighting drug - related crime in other countries .
Mr. Kerlikowske was most recently the police chief in Seattle , a city known for experimenting with drug programs .
In 2003 , voters there passed an initiative making the enforcement of simple marijuana violations a low priority .
The city has long had a needle - exchange program and hosts Hempfest , which draws tens of thousands of hemp and marijuana advocates .
Seattle currently is considering setting up a project that would divert drug defendants to treatment programs .
Mr. Kerlikowske said he opposed the city ’s 2003 initiative on police priorities .
His officers , however , say drug enforcement — especially for pot crimes — took a back seat , according to Sgt. Richard O’Neill , president of the Seattle Police Officers Guild .
One result was an open - air drug market in the downtown business district , Mr. O’Neill said .
“ The average rank - and - file officer is saying , ‘ He ca n’t control two blocks of Seattle , how is he going to control the nation ? ’ ” Mr. O’Neill said .
Sen .
Tom Coburn , the lone senator to vote against Mr. Kerlikowske , was concerned about the permissive attitude toward marijuana enforcement , a spokesman for the conservative Oklahoma Republican said .
[ drug war ]
Others said they are pleased by the way Seattle police balanced the available options .
“ I think he believes there is a place for using the criminal sanctions to address the drug - abuse problem , but he ’s more open to giving a hard look to solutions that look at the demand side of the equation , ” said Alison Holcomb , drug- policy director with the Washington state American Civil Liberties Union .
Mr. Kerlikowske said the issue was one of limited police resources , adding that he does n’t support efforts to legalize drugs .
He also said he supports needle - exchange programs , calling them “ part of a complete public - health model for dealing with addiction . ”
Mr. Kerlikowske ’s career began in St. Petersburg , Fla .
He recalled one incident as a Florida undercover officer during the 1970s that spurred his thinking that arrests alone would n’t fix matters .
“ While we were sitting there , the guy we ’re buying from is smoking pot and his toddler comes over and he blows smoke in the toddler ’s face , ” Mr. Kerlikowske said .
“ You go home at night , and you think of your own kids and your own family and you realize ” the depth of the problem .
Since then , he has run four police departments , as well as the Justice Department ’s Office of Community Policing during the Clinton administration .
Ethan Nadelmann of the Drug Policy Alliance , a group that supports legalization of medical marijuana , said he is “ cautiously optimistic ” about Mr. Kerlikowske .
“ The analogy we have is this is like turning around an ocean liner , ” he said .
“ What ’s important is the damn thing is beginning to turn . ”
James Pasco , executive director of the Fraternal Order of Police , the nation ’s largest law - enforcement labor organization , said that while he holds Mr. Kerlikowske in high regard , police officers are wary .
“ While I do n’t necessarily disagree with Gil ’s focus on treatment and demand reduction , I do n’t want to see it at the expense of law enforcement .
People need to understand that when they violate the law there are consequences . ”
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Rupert Murdoch reveals Color Kindle - rival investment
Rupert Murdoch is apparently investing in a potential Amazon Kindle rival which would have a larger , four - color capable display .
The News Corp. CEO revealed the plans at a Q&A while at the cable industry ’s annual show this week , mentioning no specific companies but leading to speculation that the company is planning to take their print model into the ebook world .
That leaves uncertainty as to which company Murdoch is dealing with .
The commonly - known players in ebook readers – Plastic Logic and Hearst – both have monochrome models in the pipeline , but the only commercially available color ebook reader is from Fujitsu .
That , however , has a 260,000 color display , rather than the rather more mundane four - color display Murdoch suggests .
However , the CEO ’s background in print may be leading us all astray : by four - color he might not mean a literal number of distinct colors but the four - color printing process used in color newspapers .
That is , cyan , magenta , yellow and black , mixed together to produce any other shade .
If that ’s the case , we could be talking about a full - color epaper device as several e-ink companies have promised .
Wind Increases Midday and into the Afternoon
It came as no surprise on Thursday when the World Health Organization declared that the swine flu outbreak had become a pandemic .
The disease has reached 74 countries , and probably met the technical definition of a pandemic  or global spread  weeks ago .
Nearly 30,000 cases have been reported , but disease experts think hundreds of thousands or millions of people have actually been infected .
So the agency made official what had become obvious : that the H1N1 virus is spreading quickly in different parts of the world , and its chief , Dr. Margaret Chan , said , “ Further spread is considered inevitable . ”
The announcement does not mean that the illness , which has been mild in most people , has become any worse .
The term pandemic reflects only the geographic spread of a new disease , not its severity .
Pandemics typically infect about a third of the world in a year or two , and sometimes strike in successive waves .
( CNN ) -- Ed McMahon , the longtime pitchman and Johnny Carson sidekick whose " Heeeeeeerre 's Johnny ! " became a part of the vernacular , has died .
Ed McMahon had suffered several health problems in recent years .
more photos »
McMahon passed away peacefully shortly after midnight at the Ronald Reagan / UCLA Medical Center , his publicist , Howard Bragman , said Tuesday
McMahon , 86 , was hospitalized in February with pneumonia and other medical problems .
He had suffered a number of health problems in recent years , including a neck injury caused by a 2007 fall .
In 2002 , he sued various insurance companies and contractors over mold in his house and later collected a $ 7 million settlement .
Though he later hosted a variety of shows -- including " Star Search " and " TV's Bloopers and Practical Jokes , " McMahon 's biggest fame came alongside Carson on " The Tonight Show , " which Carson hosted from 1962 to 1992 .
The two met not long after Carson began hosting the game show " Who Do You Trust ? " in 1957 .
iReport.com : Share your memories of Ed McMahon
" Johnny did n't look as if he was dying to see me , " McMahon , who was hosting a show on a Philadelphia TV station , told People magazine in 1980 about the pair 's first meeting .
" He was standing with his back to the door , staring at a couple of workmen putting letters on a theater marquee .
I walked over and stood beside him .
Finally the two guys finished , and Johnny asked , ' What have you been doing ? '
I told him .
He said , ' Good to meet you , Ed , ' shook my hand , and I was out of the office .
The whole meeting was about as exciting as watching a traffic light change . "
Watch McMahon discuss meeting Johnny Carson »
' Larry King Live ' Remembering Ed McMahon : Larry will be joined by Joan Rivers and former ' Tonight Show ' band leader Doc Severinsen .
Tonight , 9 ET Larry King Live »
Though McMahon was surprised to be offered the job as Carson 's sidekick , the two soon proved to have a strong chemistry .
Carson was , by nature , introverted and dry- witted ; McMahon was the boisterous and outgoing second banana , content to give Carson straight lines or laugh uproariously at his jokes ( a characteristic much - parodied by comedians ) .
Watch Comedian Joan Rivers recall McMahon »
Carson made cracks about McMahon 's weight , his drinking and the men's trouble with divorce .
McMahon was married three times ; Carson , who died in 2005 , had four wives .
McMahon was also the show 's designated pitchman , a talent he honed to perfection during " Tonight 's " 30 - year run with Carson , even if sometimes the in - show commercial spots fell flat .
For one of the show 's regular sponsors , Alpo dog food , McMahon usually extolled the virtues of the product while a dog eagerly gobbled down a bowl .
But one day the show 's regular dog was n't available , and the substitute pooch was n't very hungry .
McMahon recalled the incident in his 1998 memoir , " For Laughing Out Loud . "
" Then I saw Johnny come into my little commercial area .
He got down on his hands and knees and came over to me .
... I started to pet Johnny .
Nice boss , I was thinking as I pet him on the head , nice boss .
By this point the audience was hysterical .
... I just kept going .
I was going to get my commercial done .
" ' The next time you 're looking at the canned dog food ...' -- he rubbed his cheek against my leg -- ... reach for the can that contains real beef . '
Johnny got up on his knees and started begging for more .
I started petting him again ... and then he licked my hand . "
McMahon also promoted Budweiser , American Family Insurance and -- during the most recent Super Bowl -- Cash4Gold.com .
Entertainment Weekly named him No. 1 on its list of TV 's greatest sidekicks .
Edward Leo Peter McMahon Jr. was born in Detroit , Michigan , on March 6 , 1923 .
His father was a promoter , and McMahon remembered moving a lot during his childhood .
" I changed towns more often than a pickpocket , " McMahon told People .
He later joined the Marines and served in World War II and Korea .
Though McMahon was well - rewarded by NBC -- the 1980 People article listed his salary between $ 600,000 and $ 1 million -- his divorces and some poor investments took their toll .
In June 2008 , The Wall Street Journal reported that McMahon was $ 644,000 in arrears on a $ 4.8 million loan for a home in Beverly Hills , California , and his lender had filed a notice of default .
McMahon and his wife , Pamela , told CNN's Larry King that McMahon had gotten caught in a spate of financial problems .
" If you spend more money than you make , you know what happens .
And it can happen .
You know , a couple of divorces thrown in , a few things like that , " said McMahon , who added that he had n't worked much since the neck injury .
McMahon later struck a deal that allowed him to stay in the house .
He is survived by his wife , Pamela , and five children .
A sixth child , McMahon 's son Michael , died in 1995 .
All About Ed McMahon • Johnny Carson • The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson
A panel of nuclear power experts met on Monday at MIT to discuss how to address nuclear waste recycling or disposal , which many analysts consider the biggest obstacle to building a new generation of nuclear power plants across America .
The meeting , convened by Sen. Tom Carper ( D - Del. ) , came on the heels of last week 's decision by the Obama administration to end the planning for Yucca Mountain , Nev. , as the final repository for high - level radioactive material from all of the nation 's nuclear power plants .
The planned facility had drawn strong opposition in Nevada , but some of the panelists questioned that decision and suggested that Yucca Mountain should at least remain as an option for possible use .
Carper , who chairs the Senate Subcommittee on Clean Air and Nuclear Safety , said that " over the last 30 years , the American public has dramatically shifted its views on nuclear power " and is now much more receptive to it as an option .
But , he added , waste disposal is the " elephant in the room " in discussions of nuclear power .
" We need another Manhattan Project to figure out what to do with all of the spent fuel , " he said .
The 104 existing U.S. power reactors are expected to generate a total of more than 105,000 metric tons of high - level waste over their operating lifetimes , which under currently planned disposal methods would require a subsurface storage facility of more than 1,700 acres -- about twice the size of New York 's Central Park .
At present , all of the waste is stored at the sites of the plants that produced it .
All four of the panelists -- Charles Forsberg , director of the Fuel Cycle Study in MIT 's Department of Nuclear Science and Engineering , Matthew Bunn , associate professor of public policy at Harvard 's JFK School of Government , Ernest Moniz , director of the MIT Energy Initiative , and Andrew Kadak , professor of the practice of nuclear engineering at MIT -- agreed that contrary to much public perception , the issue of waste disposal is not urgent .
The present system of storing spent fuel in " dry casks " on the sites of the power plants can safely be left in place for several decades , perhaps even for a century , they said .
" There is no significant technological reason to implement permanent fuel disposal now , " Moniz said .
" We have time . "
But deciding on the best policy for storing this material depends on reaching a clear decision as to what the nation ultimately wants to do with it , said Forsberg .
" We do not know today if spent fuel is waste , or the nation 's most important energy resource , " he said , pointing out that current reactor operations , using a " once through " fuel cycle , only extract about 1 percent of the fuel 's energy , and that it could be reprocessed to harness much more of that potential .
Deciding the best course of action for dealing with nuclear waste in the long run has at least as much to do with politics as with technology .
" Siting and operation of a repository is as much an institutional challenge as a scientific challenge , " Forsberg said .
And Kadak suggested that even though President Obama has called for canceling the Yucca Mountain repository , " Yucca is still available .
Do we really want to start over ? "
The process of studying and selecting that site has taken " a generation , " he said , and starting again could create a similar delay .
Confusing the issue ?
But Moniz cautioned that any effort to move toward nuclear fuel reprocessing today could seriously hamper efforts to stimulate the construction of a new generation of nuclear power plants .
" The number one issue now is the first - mover nuclear plant construction , " that is , the first new plant to break the more than 25 - year hiatus in construction of any new plants in this country .
While new designs for safer , more efficient plants have been developed , it will require actually going through the process of permitting , building and operating the first new plant to convince investors the new systems are practical , Moniz said .
" What will it take ? " to get a new plant approved , he asked .
" What will it cost ?
We do n't know that yet . "
And , he said , " any discussion of moving to reprocessing now only confuses the issue . "
Bunn added that even though reprocessing systems may be developed that would allow the efficient reuse of nuclear fuel , that is not the case today .
Using today 's reprocessing technology , he said , " I think it would be wasteful to proceed .
Today , reprocessing is more expensive than not reprocessing , " and also presents greater risks for nuclear proliferation and terrorism , and would actually decrease the nation 's energy security .
" Those who are in favor of a new future for nuclear power should oppose reprocessing , " he said .
But , he added , things might change in the future if new reprocessing methods are developed : " Today , we do n't know what the best fuel cycle might be down the road .
Further research on advanced fuel cycles is called for . "
Moniz said that MIT 's in - depth study on the future of nuclear power , originally issued in 2003 , said that in order to make a serious contribution to alleviating global climate change , the world would need new nuclear plants with a total capacity of at least a terawatt ( or one million megawatts ) .
With current policies , " we are not on a trajectory toward a terawatt , " he said .
A new , updated version of the 2003 study has just been posted on the MIT Energy Initiative 's web page , he said .
What is most needed now , Moniz said , is " a robust research program on advanced fuel cycles " as well as other aspects of nuclear technology , totaling $ 500 million per year .
A version of this article appeared in MIT Tech Talk on May 20 , 2009 ( download PDF ) .
Protesters supporting universal medical coverage for the second week in a row on Tuesday morning disrupted a Senate hearing on health care reform before being thrown out by police .
Minutes after Senate Finance Committee Chairman Sen .
Max Baucus opened a roundtable discussion on how to pay for overhauling the nation ’s health care system , several demonstrators stood up one by one and shouted their disapproval that lawmakers have refused to consider a government take over of the health insurance system .
“ No more blue crosses and double crosses , ” shouted one demonstrator in reference to health insurance giant Blue Cross and Blue Shield .
“ In honor of Florence Nightingale , patients need access to health care , ” shouted another .
C- SPAN VIDEO : Click here to see protesters disrupt the hearing .
Police removed five protesters from the hearing room at the Dirksen Senate Office Building .
As Mr. Baucus gaveled the meeting open , about 25 nurses wearing red hospital scrubs attached with signs advocating a so called “ single payer ” government - run health care system conducted a silent protest .
After a few minutes with their backs turned to the chairman , the demonstrators walked out of the room while several in the audience applauded .
Mr. Baucus , a Montana Democrat shepherding President Obama ’s health care reform priorities through Congress , said that although he disagreed with the protesters tactics , he sympathized with their frustrations .
“ Believe me , we hear you , ” he said .
“ I will meet with anyone who wants to meet . ”
The chairman , as well as the Obama administration , have said that replacing the current private health insurance system with a Canadian - style government - run single payer model is not practical or politically feasible .
But both support creating a government - run health insurance plan that would compete with private insurers .
“ We ’ve got to work with what we ’ve got , ” Mr. Baucus said .
“ We can not go to a single payer system , but that ’s not going to work in this country . ”
Eight protesters supporting a single payer system were arrested last week at a Baucus - lead health care roundtable workshop .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
NEW YORK ( CNN ) --
Seven - year - old Heather McNamara was heading home Tuesday , a month after surgery that temporarily removed organs from her digestive tract to allow removal of a tennis ball - size tumor .
Doctors were able to reimplant Heather McNamara 's liver and large and small intestines .
According to her surgical team at New York - Presbyterian Morgan Stanley Children 's Hospital , the operation -- referred to as an " auto - transplantation " because the patient 's own organs ( instead of those from a donor ) were reimplanted within four hours after being extracted -- is the first of its kind to be performed on a child .
" If this does n't work , there 's nothing left , " Dr. Tomoaki Kato of New York - Presbyterian / Columbia , told CNN , remembering his thoughts during the surgery .
" We were confident , but also prepared , " he recalled .
In a 23 - hour operation involving three different carefully coordinated surgical teams , doctors first removed the stomach , liver , spleen , pancreas , large intestine and small intestine along with the entwined tumor , placed the organs on ice with preservation solution , and then proceeded to extract the tumor while simultaneously preparing the body to receive the reimplanted organs .
The patient 's father , Joseph McNamara , was kept on standby as a live donor in the event Heather needed an emergency liver transplant during the operation .
Fortunately , such measures were not required .
Dr. Devon John , a transplant surgeon at New York University School of Medicine , told CNN that he was impressed by the surgery .
" The operative approach and treatment of this rare and significant tumor is a tour de force ... requiring a well - planned , multidisciplinary approach to managing the patient and performing the operation itself , " said John , who was not involved in the surgery .
He also said that because Heather is a child , her blood vessels are smaller , which made the surgery more difficult : " It 's challenging in an adult , and much more so in a 7 - year - old because there is much less wiggle room . "
Watch Dr. Sanjay Gupta explain
Heather 's surgery and recovery »
Because of the tumor 's size , doctors were unable to reimplant the pancreas , stomach and spleen .
As a result , Heather is now diabetic and will require insulin and pancreatic enzyme replacement medication .
Surgeons created a pouch from intestinal tissue that will hold food before it moves into the small intestine , serving the purpose of a stomach .
Heather is expected to learn how to eat fairly normally , but as Kato explains , " She can not be competing in hot dog- eating contests , " referring to the limited food capacity her body will have from now on .
And for a few months at least , she will have to take penicillin to ward off infections that the lack of a spleen makes her more susceptible to , Kato said .
Her biggest challenge , he says , is going to be controlling her diabetes .
" Nutritionally and growth - wise , she will be pretty normal , " he said .
Heather also has a stoma , a direct opening through the skin that allows a small bag connected to her bowels to aid in the removal of stool .
This is to protect her sutures against infection and damage , but Kato expects to surgically remove the stoma in early May .
Health Library MayoClinic.com : Cancer
Kato says he performed this type of operation for the first time known to him last year in 62 - year - old Brooke Zepp in Florida , while at the University of Miami .
Although Zepp 's tumor was different from Heather 's ( Zepp had a leiomyosarcoma , and Heather had an inflammatory myofibroblastic tumor ) , the wrapping of the tumor around the celiac artery and superior mesenteric artery was similar .
However , Zepp 's tumor was much deeper within her abdominal cavity and was a centimeter smaller than Heather's .
Kato says that Zepp is doing well today .
Referring to the risks of performing such a long and complicated surgical procedure , Kato told CNN it was the risk of the unknown .
" You do n't know until you begin the operation , whether or not when you take the organs out , if you will be able to reconstruct them and put them back in ; if not , she will not survive .
That was our biggest challenge , " he said .
Tina McNamara , Heather 's mother , recalled to reporters , " We were stripped of all hope , " by the time they turned to Kato and his transplant team .
But after seeing Kato 's confidence , " I had no fear , " she said .
When asked by her father what she is going to do when she gets home , Heather answered , " Play with my dog , Angel , and play with my sister . "
All About Surgery
Nachdem ich vorhin den heise Artikel über DNSSEC gelesen hatte , ging mir durch den Kopf , wie sich DNSSEC auf die geplanten DNS - Sperren der Bundesregierung auswirken würde .
Immerhin forciert die ICANN gerade mal wieder das Thema und drängt darauf , die Root - Zone noch in 2009 zu sichern .
Ich stellte daraufhin diese Frage über twitter und bat Johnny Hauesler vom Spreeblick sie weiterzuverbreiten , was er freundlicherweise auch tat .
Nach nicht einmal einer Stunde bekam ich schon meine Antwort ( Danke an spreeblick und beanieboi )
Zitat :
Allerdings stützt sich auch das vom Bundesfamilienministerium auf den
Weg gebrachte Gesetz für Internetsperren kinderpornographischer Websites auf DNS - Manipulationen :
Wer eine Seite ansurfen möchte , die auf der Sperrliste steht , erhält die IP - Adresse des ( voraussichtlich beim BKA beheimateten ) Stoppseitenservers und nicht vom ursprünglich vorgesehenen Server .
Bei flächendeckendem Einsatz von DNSSEC und Abstimmung der Software auf den Clientrechnern wird der Surfer entweder eine Fehlermeldung erhalten oder ( was wahrscheinlicher ist ) sein Browser wird mehrere Nameserver ( , , Auskünfte ” ) anfragen , bis er eine Antwort mit gültiger Signatur erhält .
Die Folge der Einführung von DNSSEC ist eine weitgehende Wirkungslosigkeit der angedachten Sperren .
Mein Fazit : # fail für Frau vdL
Andererseits ist das vielleicht garnicht so schlecht .
So schnell wie sie kam , verschwindet die Sperre auch wieder ( hoffentlich ) .
Naja , wir werden sehen .
~~ sjuerges
Update 1 : Korrekturen
UNITED NATIONS ( Reuters ) - The U.N. Security Council unanimously condemned North Korea ’s latest nuclear test on Monday , saying it was a “ clear violation ” of a previous resolution passed in 2006 after Pyongyang ’s first atomic test .
After an emergency meeting lasting under one hour , the council issued a nonbinding statement expressing strong opposition and said it would “ start work immediately on a Security Council resolution on this matter . ”
U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Susan Rice called the nuclear test “ a grave violation of international law ” and said Washington would seek a “ strong resolution with strong measures . ”
She declined to predict whether the 15 - member council would impose further sanctions on Pyongyang , but said work was to begin on the resolution on Tuesday .
Britain , France , and Japan are expected to push for new sanctions .
But Russia and China are seen as more reluctant although they did agree to punitive actions after the 2006 test in resolution 1718 .
Earlier on Monday , China , the North ’s neighbor and long - time benefactor , said it was “ resolutely opposed ” to the test .
Russia called the North Korean nuclear test a threat to regional stability , and at the United Nations Russian Ambassador Vitaly Churkin told reporters it was “ very serious and needs to have a strong response . ”
U.S. President Barack Obama strongly condemned Pyongyang ’s action and called for a strong international response .
“ North Korea ’s nuclear and ballistic missile programs pose a grave threat to the peace and security of the world , and I strongly condemn their reckless action , ” Obama said at the White House .
“ The United States and the international community must take action in response . ”
European and Asian stock markets generally shrugged off news of the nuclear test and missile launches , as investors focused on company news in thin trading .
The yen took a hit on the news .
U.S. and British markets were closed for a holiday .
SIZE OF DETONATION
The size of North Korea ’s second nuclear test was not yet confirmed .
Russia said the blast was about equal in power to the U.S. atomic bomb dropped on the Japanese city of Nagasaki in World War Two , or about 20 times larger than the North ’s one kiloton test in 2006 .
The United States and the Vienna - based Comprehensive Nuclear Test Ban Treaty Organization saw it as smaller .
Although analysis is continuing , a senior Obama administration official said it suggests an explosive yield of “ approximately a few kilotons TNT . ”
The CTBTO said the magnitude was measured at measuring 4.52 on the Richter scale , while in 2006 it was 4.1 . ”
Officials in Washington and Beijing said North Korea had warned their governments of the test about an hour before the Monday detonation ( 9 p.m. EDT Sunday / 0100 GMT Monday ) but Japan said it was not given advance notice .
The Obama administration official said President Barack Obama was notified of the blast at 11:15 p.m. EDT ( 0315 GMT ) after the U.S. Geological Survey noticed seismic activity .
Raising tensions further , North Korea test - fired three short - range missiles hours later , South Korea ’s Yonhap news agency said .
Slideshow ( 18 images )
PROLIFERATION CONCERNS
U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton spoke to Japanese Foreign Minister Hirofumi Nakasone and South Korean Foreign Minister Yu Myung - hwan , and planned to speak later with her Chinese and Russian counterparts , State Department spokesman Ian Kelly said .
The test confounded the international community , which has for years tried a mixture of huge aid pledges and tough economic sanctions to persuade the impoverished North to give up efforts to build a nuclear arsenal .
It was also bound to raise concerns about proliferation , a major worry of the United States which has in the past accused Pyongyang of trying to sell its nuclear know - how to states such as Syria .
Iran , which the West accuses of secretly developing atomic weapons and which conducted a missile test last week , said it had no missile or nuclear cooperation with North Korea .
Slideshow ( 18 images )
Analysts said North Korea ’s test will force Washington to acknowledge that its leverage over the unpredictable state is at best limited .
The United States must hope China will put pressure on Pyongyang , despite China ’s fear of destabilizing its poor , secretive neighbor .
MARKETS BRIEFLY UNSETTLED
South Korea ’s main stock market fell more than 6 percent at one stage but its decline was short - lived .
Analysts said investors were used to the North ’s saber - rattling and would likely panic only if there was military conflict on a peninsula where 2 million troops face each other .
North Korea already is so isolated there is little left with which to punish an autocratic government that has been ready to take dealings with the outside world to the brink .
Its leaders repeatedly stress the threat from the United States to justify heavy spending on the military that keeps them in power but which has meant deepening poverty , and at times famine , for many of its 23 million people .
The official KCNA news agency said North Korea had “ successfully conducted one more underground nuclear test on May 25 as part of the measures to bolster up its nuclear deterrent for self - defense in every way . ”
The test comes as speculation has mounted that leader Kim Jong - il , his health uncertain after reports of a stroke last year , wants to further strengthen his iron grip on power so he can better secure the succession for one of his three sons .
North Korea had for weeks threatened to conduct the test in response to tighter international sanctions following its April launch of a rocket , widely seen as a disguised long - range missile that violated U.N. resolutions .
MONEY SOURCES MONEY SOURCES
Top revenue sources for state and local governments in the first quarter , compared with the same period last year : Federal grants : 15 % Income taxes : - 11 % Property taxes : 2 % Sales taxes : - 2 % Other taxes : 2 % Sources : U.S. Department of Commerce , Bureau of Economic Analysis
In a historic first , Uncle Sam has supplanted sales , property and income taxes as the biggest source of revenue for state and local governments .
The shift shows how deeply the recession is cutting .
Federal stimulus money aimed at reviving the economy and a sharp drop in tax collections have altered , at least temporarily , the traditional balance of how states , cities , counties and schools pay for their operations .
The sales tax had been the No. 1 source of state and local revenue since the mid-1970s , according to the Bureau of Economic Analysis .
Before that , property taxes were the primary source .
That changed in the first three months of 2009 .
Federal grants — early stimulus money plus conventional federal aid — soared 15 % in the first quarter to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of $ 437 billion , eclipsing sales taxes , which fell 2 % .
The dominance of federal money is set to expand dramatically this year because tax collections are sinking while the bulk of federal stimulus aid is just starting to arrive .
" This money is n't manna from heaven .
It comes with a price , " says Indiana state Sen. Jim Buck , a Republican .
He worries that the federal money will leave states under greater federal control and burden future generations with debt .
Nick Johnson , a state finance expert at the liberal Center on Budget and Policy Priorities , says the federal aid is well - timed .
" This has more to say about the severity of the recession than anything else , " he says .
" Congress stepped in on a temporary basis to help states . "
The federal government plans to provide about $ 300 billion in extra aid to state and local governments over the next two years , mostly for health care , education and transportation projects .
State and local governments spend about $ 2 trillion a year , and the federal government is now paying about 23 % of those costs .
States are counting on tax collections rebounding by 2012 , when stimulus money starts to run out .
The early flow of stimulus money helped lift total state and local revenue by 1.6 % in the first quarter compared with a year earlier despite a 2.9 % drop in total tax collections .
Spending rose 1.5 % .
Things are getting worse for states that rely on the income tax .
Reason : Unexpectedly large refund checks in March and April are going to workers who lost jobs or had wage cuts last year .
Michigan 's income tax collections are down $ 200 million and refunds are up about $ 200 million — a $ 400 million swing .
Connecticut has paid nearly $ 1 billion in tax refunds this year , about 20 % more than expected .
" These are big numbers .
It 's put us in a very bad situation , " says Connecticut Comptroller Nancy Wyman .
Key state and local taxes : • Sales tax .
Collections started falling at the end of 2008 for the first time since the Bureau of Economic Analysis first reported data in 1958 .
The drop in sales of automobiles and construction materials has taken a big bite out of sales tax revenue .
• Property tax .
The most stable tax is generating increasing revenue , mostly for schools , despite plunging property values .
One reason : Forty - six states limit how fast property taxes rise or fall .
• Income tax .
The most volatile tax produces big increases during boom times and giant declines during hard times .
California , New York , Oregon , Connecticut and other states that depend heavily on taxing year - end bonuses and capital gains on investments have been hardest hit by the worst income tax drops since 2002 .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Yakuza 3 sold over 300 K copies its first week in Japan , and sparked a PS3 sales frenzy that put it ahead of it ’s stiff competition from the Wii .
With Yakuza 3 being such a overwhelming success in Japan , it ’s not hard to believe that Sega is already hard at work on the next installment in the acclaimed series .
According to the its latest issue , Famitsu confirms that Sega is indeed working on another Yakuza title , and that it will be exclusive to the PS3 .
No details are known at this time .
Being in the US , this is n’t major news , since as of the time of this writing , Yakuza 3 still is n’t being planned for any Western territories .
[ Source ]
US President Barack Obama took the podium in a White House press conference and stood with an all - embellished confidence that often accompanies new presidents .
He was flanked by two leaders whose apparent grandeur barely reflected their embattled situations on the ground : Afghan President Hamid Karzai and Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari .
The meeting at the White House on 6 May was fashioned to give the impression that the new US administration is both “ serious ” and “ committed ” about resolving the crises plaguing Afghanistan and Pakistan , which are imprudently reduced to that of a Taliban resurgence in the former , and a Taliban - inspired militant encroachment in the latter .
Obama declared the meeting “ extraordinarily productive ” as the three nations , he said , are joined by the common goal to “ defeat Al - Qaeda and its extremist allies in Pakistan and Afghanistan ” .
The skewed reading of reality did n’t cease there .
“ I am pleased that these two men , elected leaders of Afghanistan and Pakistan , fully appreciate the seriousness of the threat that we face and have reaffirmed their commitment to confronting it , ” Obama said .
Both leaders listened solemnly as to reflect the level of their “ seriousness ” .
For a fleeting moment one did in fact hope that Obama would bring with him more than a new language ; rather , an entirely new take on US foreign policy .
That hope is already in tatters .
“ Obama conveyed the right message last week by hosting Afghan President Hamid Karzai and Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari .
The meeting at the White House reflected the close link between Pakistan and the anti-Taliban struggle in Afghanistan .
Indeed , nests of Taliban , Al - Qaeda , and other extremists sheltering on the Pakistani side of the border have become a grave threat to Pakistan itself , ” opined a Boston Globe editorial .
But the Globe also counseled : “ As recent events suggest , US military strikes against militants in both countries inevitably provoke anger and indignation among civilians . ”
This is as much as most US media — and of course , the US administration — are willing to concede as far as US responsibility in lethal wars , civil strife and militancy in both countries is concerned .
In fact , if one is to delineate a major difference in the Bush and Obama administrations regarding Afghanistan , it ’s the fact that Obama apologizes when the number of innocent civilians killed by US air strikes is too harrowing to ignore .
Another notable difference is that he has committed 17,000 additional troops to the already war - devastated country , promising more bloodshed .
“ I wish to express my personal regret and certainly the sympathy of our administration on the loss of civilian life in Afghanistan , ” Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said in her public apology to the killing of over 100 civilians in two Afghan villages 4 May .
The apology , however , was obliquely qualified by the US military in comments made by Tech Sergeant Chuck Marsh on 9 May : “ Reports also indicate that Taliban fighters deliberately forced villagers into houses from which they then attacked ANSF [ Afghan National Security Forces ] and Coalition forces , ” he said .
So , somehow , the US is still not responsible .
Now the war is flaring up in Pakistan .
Hundreds of thousands of Pakistani families have fled the area , and the main town of Migora has been virtually emptied of its inhabitants .
Reuters reported that , “ Pakistani forces attacked Taliban fighters in the Swat Valley with artillery and helicopters after the United States called on the government to show its commitment to fighting militancy . ”
One has to wonder who is giving the orders in this foolish war , anyway ?
Moreover , does Obama genuinely think that the Pakistani “ Taliban ” can be defeated using the exact approach that failed against the Taliban of Afghanistan ?
The escalation in Pakistan is not entirely surprising , however , as US officials and media pundits have been adamant in advising the new administration that it was not Afghanistan that posed the greater threat to US interests , but Pakistan .
It was similar to the attitude of neoconservatives in the Bush administration after its failure in Iraq .
It was not Iraq that the US should have attacked , but Iran , they tirelessly parroted , hoping to generate yet another war .
What we are not told , however , is that unremitting US bombings of the utterly poor and neglected northern provinces of Pakistan have garnered untold animosity towards the US and its central government allies .
It provoked , in some areas , total chaos and lawlessness , which in turn gave rise to the Pakistani “ Taliban ” .
History is repeating itself , but the US administration is taking no notice of the obvious pattern .
A Pakistan writer , Abd Al - Ghafar Aziz , wrote for Al - Jazeera ’s Arabic website : “ Since the US attack on Afghanistan , the province [ of Balochistan ] has been accused of supporting terrorism and harboring the leaders of Taliban and Al - Qaeda .
Since then , US planes , especially drones , have been striking what it calls ‘ precious targets ’ , resulting in the death of over 15,000 people . ”
Aziz described the people of that region “ like orphans without shelter , and without protection . ”
Naturally , tribe leaders , militant groups and others moved to fill the gap .
If there is one outstanding similarity between the Afghanistan and Pakistan cases it is the fact the US is using the same flawed logic that responds to most delicate conflicts with bullets , whether those of its own or its allies .
If the new administration is keenly interested in reversing the misfortunes of that region , it has to understand the uniqueness of every country and appreciate the untold harm inflicted on civilians by the US and other militaries .
Only dialogue and truly respecting the sovereignty of Afghanistan and Pakistan can begin to stabilize the fractious situation .
There are an estimated one million Pakistanis already on the run in the northern and eastern parts of the country .
They are threatened by fighting , hunger and all sorts of predators , including US drones circling overhead .
Richard Posner , leader of the Chicago School of Economics and Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals judge , uses his new book , “ A Failure of Capitalism , ” to try to rescue the Chicago School ’s foundational assumption that the economy behaves as if all economic agents and actors are rational , far - sighted calculators .
In some sense , Posner must try .
For without this underlying assumption , the clock strikes midnight , the stately brougham of Chicago economic theory turns into a pumpkin , and the analytical horses that have pulled it so far over the past half - century turn back into little white mice .
Thus he writes : " At no stage need irrationality " on the part of markets or their participants " be posited to explain ” the collapse of financial markets last year and the current deep recession .
Posner ’s effort looks to me like an earlier effort to “ save the appearances ” in the face of discomfiting contradiction .
The Jesuit astronomers of 17th - century Rome wanted above all to maintain the assumption that the sun revolved around the earth — for if it did not then the Bible ’s declaration that Joshua called on God to make the sun stand still in the sky was a lie , and a Bible that lies even once cannot be the inerrant foundation of faith .
Thus the Jesuits created much more complicated models than the elegant heresy of Copernicus , in which the earth revolved around the sun .
They succeeded in their attempt to save the appearances .
Posner ’s attempt does not :
It is definitely a retrograde motion , for we see many things in the financial crisis and the recession that are not what we would see in an economy populated by smoothly rational utilitarian calculators .
* It was not rational for Bear - Stearns CEO James Cayne , with his own $ 1 billion fortune on the line , to allow his firm to become hostage to the excessive risks taken by his subordinates in the mortgage markets .
* It was not rational for Citigroup CEO Charles Prince to keep dancing to the music , without thinking which seat Citi would claim when the round of musical chairs came abruptly to a halt .
* It was not rational for shareholders of newly incorporated investment banks to offer traders large annual bonuses for performance assessed by a year - to - year mark - to - market yardstick — rather than rewarding them with long - run restricted stock that would hold its value only if the traders ' portfolio strategies proved durable .
* It was not rational for the shareholders and executives of General Motors and Chrysler to ignore the need for a Plan B in the event Americans fell out of love with SUVs .
The litany of financial lunacy is longer than even the Eastern Orthodox litany of the saints .
Yet Posner ’s insistence that the crisis cannot spring from compound irrationality drives him to a claim that the real cause is a failure of government — specifically a too - lax , too - nurturing , insufficiently strict Mommy State that raised the children all wrong .
" The mistakes were systemic , ” he writes , “ the product of the nature of the banking business in an environment shaped by low interest rates and deregulation rather than the antics of crooks and fools . "
What we needed , Posner implies , was a Daddy State in the early 2000s that would have kept interest rates high , kept the recovery from the 2001 recession much weaker , and kept unemployment much higher .
The Daddy State should have restricted financial innovation because a " depression is too remote an event to influence business behavior .
The profit - maximizing businessman rationally ignores small probabilities that his conduct in conjunction with that of his competitors may bring down the entire economy . "
Posner 's claim that the Princes of Wall Street were rationally ignoring small probabilities is simply not true .
The venture capitalists of Silicon Valley in the 1990s raised money for their funds overwhelmingly through equity rather than debt tranches .
They did so because they wanted themselves and their clients to retain some considerable fraction of their fortunes in an event that they regarded as small probability — but actually happened — that the overwhelming bulk of the value from the internet revolution flowed to customers rather than to businesses .
Jamie Dimon and his team at JPMorgan Chase tried to move their firm out of the subprime mortgage market and into position to profit from the correction by the end of 2006 .
So did Lloyd Blankfein and his team at Goldman Sachs .
( They suffered anyway because neither imagined the possibility that a hedged long position in mortgages was not really hedged at all if the counterparty on the short leg was AIG . )
Yet while Posner insists on saving the appearance of individual rationality , he is willing to jettison the Chicago School 's conclusion that markets are everywhere and always perfect .
As Robert Solow observed : " If I had written that , it would not be news .
From Richard Posner , it is . "
Abandoning the conclusion of market perfection opens the door to the idea that government needs to properly check , balance , and regulate markets in order to help them function as well as possible .
But clinging to the assumption of individual rationality forces Posner ’s view of what regulation is appropriate into a very awkward straightjacket .
If the dons of the Chicago School were locked in an ivory tower , it would not matter that Posner tries to save the appearances , and so attributes the crisis not to failure on the part of “ capitalists ” but rather of regulators .
Posner , however , is one of America ’s leading public intellectuals .
His views spread .
His influence is very wide .
For example , Jonathan Rauch in The New York Times Book Review joins in and extends Posner ’s error .
For Rauch , “ to see the crisis through populist spectacles , as President Obama does when he attributes it to ' irresponsibility , ' is to misunderstand the whole problem by blaming capitalists . "
Rauch echoes and congratulates Posner , asserting that Posner ’s “ merciless scrutiny ” leaves " not one populist cliché ” remaining intact .
But Posner ’s Chicago clichés not only remain intact but burst into full flower .
Attributing responsibility to the errant Princes of Wall Street , and the directors and shareholders who were supposed to be overseeing them , would be " populism . "
And " populism " is bad .
There should be no sanctions — not even a reduction in influence — for financiers .
As for reregulation of the financial market , we should be satisfied with “ pretty small beer , ” because the failure was not a failure of individual capitalists but of capitalism itself .
As remedy , we should prohibit the Federal Reserve from seeking full employment through low interest rates .
One actor whom Posner does clearly blame is Alan Greenspan , whose reduction of interest rates to 1 percent in 2002 –2003 was , in Posner 's eyes , a root of the evil .
Full employment already loses out to price stability when the latter is threatened by inflation .
In Posner 's view , full employment must also give way if achieving it requires low interest rates .
Let us conduct a thought experiment .
Suppose that Judge Posner had been willing to embrace Copernican theory .
In that case , what would his policy recommendations have been ?
Start with the observation that financial markets have six useful purposes :
* to aggregate the money of people who ought to be savers into pools large enough to finance large - scale enterprises .
* to channel the money of people who ought to be savers to institutions and people who ought to be borrowers .
* to spread risks so that no one individual finds herself ruined by the failure of any one investment or the bankruptcy of any one company or the slow growth of any one region .
* to keep managements efficient by upsetting and replacing teams and organizations that have outlived their usefulness .
* to encourage savings by creating liquidity — the marvelous fact that one can own a piece of an extremely illiquid and durable piece of social capital ( an oil refinery , say ) and yet get your money out quickly and cheaply should you suddenly have an unexpected need for it .
* to take the money of rich people who like to gamble and , by providing some excitement for them as they watch their gains and losses , use it to buy capital equipment that raises the wages of the rest of us ( at the price of paying a 20 percent cut to the Princes of Wall Street ) .
This is a superior use for the rich — and for the rest of us — than , say , taking their wealth to the craps tables of Vegas .
Wall Street innovations and practices are useful only insofar as they promote these six useful purposes .
Call them aggregation , accumulation , diversification , efficientization , liquiditization , and casinoization .
By these standards , the current compensation scheme on Wall Street — large annual bonuses based on annual marked - to - market results — is absurd .
It helps achieve none of these six goals , and it greatly increases the chance of a crash by providing everyone with an incentive to help their friends by marking up value , marking down risk , and ignoring the impact of their actions on the long - term survival of the enterprise .
Silicon Valley compensation schemes seem much better : no large payouts until assets have reached maturity and portfolio strategies have proved their value in all phases of the business cycle .
From this perspective , the rapid growth of derivative markets has also proved to be absurd .
Derivatives were supposed to assist in risk spreading and diversification .
Amateurs and outsiders could take on a position easily , and the professionals who sold it to them could then dynamically hedge it away , and so tap the risk - bearing capacity of the public to a greater degree .
It did not work , and it made the books of Wall Street firms opaque even to the most sophisticated of executives .
Kenneth Arrow would tell us that stocks , bonds , commodities , puts , and calls alone already carry us as close to a spanning set of securities as we are going to get .
The potential diversification benefits of more complicated securities appear to be outweighed by the information they destroy .
The thirty - to - one effective leverage ratios achieved in the 2000s by major banks were absurd .
When public money is involved — and when high - leverage portfolio strategies become common , public money is always involved — any system that relies on the intelligence of equity holders to restrain traders ’ risks within bounds at a thirty - to - one leverage ratio is absurd .
Every financial institution should be a bank holding company regulated by the Federal Reserve .
And every bank holding company should keep a healthy proportion of its liabilities — 10 percent ?
20 p ?— on deposit at the local Federal Reserve .
In the future , we need to change the culture of Wall Street by changing how top- earning financial professionals are paid , changing the assets they trade to make the markets less opaque , and changing the risks they run by taking capital requirements very seriously once again .
If we accomplish all three , there ’s a chance that the next Minsky Moment that comes along will be a minor disturbance rather than a globe - shaking catastrophe for 100 million people .
The key irrationality was a private - sector failure on the part of the shareholders and top managements of the banks to make sure that their traders had an appropriate stake in the long - run survival of the bank and not just in constructing a portfolio that would be marked - to - market at a high valuation on Dec. 31 .
And the government needs , for all our sakes , to compensate for this private - sector irrationality .
That ’s the conclusion that Posner ’s book should have reached .
But it never gets there :
Because to get there , he would have had to begin his book by acknowledging that it matters that the earth revolves around the sun .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) -- Fannie Mae , the troubled mortgage finance company , reported a first - quarter loss of $ 23.2 billion on Friday .
The mortgage giant also reported that it submitted a request for $ 19 billion from the Treasury Department to cover its losses .
That followed a request earlier this year for $ 15.2 billion to cover 2008 losses .
It also said Treasury has doubled its support level to the company to $ 200 billion , as President Obama had authorized .
In its quarterly release , Fannie Mae said its entire mortgage portfolio was experiencing increases in delinquency and default rates .
It blamed the rise in unemployment , falling home prices and the revaluation of homes in the wake of the economic downturn .
The mortgage company 's first - quarter net loss was less than its fourth - quarter loss of $ 25.2 billion , which occurred immediately after the government takeover .
The most recent quarterly loss is more than 10 times the $ 2.2 billion net loss reported for the first quarter of 2008 , before the government takeover .
Fannie
Mae said its diluted loss per common share was $ 4.09 .
Going forward , the mortgage giant said that it fully expects to ask for more financial support from the federal government .
" Due to current trends in the housing and financial markets , we expect to have a net worth deficit in future periods , and therefore will be required to obtain additional funding from the Treasury , " said the company , in its quarterly report .
Friday morning 's stock rally left Fannie Mae behind .
Fannie Mae's ( FNM , Fortune 500 ) stock price , currently less than $ 1 per share , fell about 7 % in the first hour of trading .
Government influence : Fannie
Mae said it imposed a moratorium on foreclosures for most of the quarter .
But that failed to stop foreclosures from increasing , compared to the prior quarter .
The company said it acquired 25,374 single - family homes through foreclosure in the first quarter of 2009 , compared to 20,998 in the fourth quarter , 2008 .
" I think Fannie Mae is largely used as probably the single largest tool of the government right now to try and reverse the losses in the mortgage market , " said David Ursani , analyst for Wall Street Strategies .
" As a result of that , a lot of those losses are funneling through [ Fannie Mae . ] "
Ursani said it 's difficult to tell when Fannie Mae 's situation will improve , given its unusual status as a government - supported entity , and the dismal state of the mortgage market .
" Fannie Mae , right now , is pretty much part of the government , " he said .
" I can't really see it becoming independent from the government anytime soon . "
Fannie
Mae recently went through a change at the top , appointing Michael J. Williams as its new chief executive on April 20 .
Williams had previously served as chief operating officer .
The former chief executive , Herbert M. Allison , Jr. , accepted a new job in April to oversee the $ 700 billion financial rescue fund , known as the Troubled Asset Relief Program ( TARP ) .
Allison had led the mortgage giant since it was seized by the government in September , along with Freddie Mac ( FRE , Fortune 500 ) .
For a decade now , consumers have become accustomed to free access to music , films and information , via the internet .
But with many of the media 's big players - including Rupert Murdoch - thinking of charging for content , is the tide about to turn ?
In art , as in commerce , a price tag traditionally has magical powers .
With the flick of a wand , a pound sign confers desirability on an item that might be thrown away if it was handed out for nothing .
And yet for almost a decade now , quality entertainment and culture , as well as mainstream sources of news , have been freely available on the web .
The arrival of the internet has seen musicians , publishers and news organisations all slowly float off together into uncharted waters .
Consumers who have grown up during the past 15 years are completely at home in a world where much of what they want to hear , see or read will cost them nothing .
True , in the case of some films and TV shows , the practices involved may skirt around the law a bit .
Generally speaking , though , culture has become a happy free - for - all .
Now may be the time to pay the bill .
Chris Anderson , a leading American commentator on the web and editor - in - chief of Wired magazine , puts the matter concisely : " Somehow an economy had emerged around ' free ' before the economic model that could describe it . "
Anderson 's next book , Free : The Future of a Radical Price , will both celebrate and analyse the effect of all this giving - away .
The author of influential 2006 book The Long Tail , Anderson is to suggest that few of the conventional rules of commerce , such as " supply and demand " and " economies of scale " , apply any longer .
While some suppliers , such as Sky Sports , might still get away with charging their audience , they would have to be pretty sure they offered a unique product .
One of the biggest players in the game last week questioned the rationale behind the current give - away culture .
Rupert Murdoch , head of News Corp , even went so far as to refer to it as a " flawed " business model when he spoke to reporters in New York .
The media mogul – who owns the Times , Sunday Times , Sun and News of the World in Britain , as well as Fox News and the Wall Street Journal in America – announced that he was considering charging for more of his internet sites .
" We are now in the midst of an epochal debate over the value of content and it is clear to many newspapers that the current model is malfunctioning , " Murdoch said .
His volte - face followed background news that profits from News Corp newspapers were down year - on - year from $ 216 m to $ 7 m and that British newspaper advertising revenues were down 21 % .
The upshot was , Murdoch concluded , that within a year the web would have utterly changed its financial model and his titles would be leading the pack .
Earlier in the week , reports that the Guardian Media Group , the owner of this newspaper , was thinking along similar lines had ricocheted around the globe .
While GMG management have no plans to charge for content on its sites , the group 's chief executive , Carolyn McCall , did suggest that a subscription system was conceivable for some specialist areas .
For Anderson , the changes that lie ahead are more complex than simply introducing entry fees at a few gates on the web .
Instead , he is predicting the twin birth of a " reputation economy " and a " time economy " , to exist alongside the battered old " money economy " .
As a result , value will be assessed differently by both providers and consumers .
Free access to entertainment and in­for­mation is inevitable on the web , he argues , because there is still unlimited shelf space .
Putting something up there , in a shop window , costs nothing , so the worth of the product alters .
People are already making lots of money charging nothing , Anderson points out , and that is because it brings them other things they want .
The dominant force in the market , Google , has now provided so much free that it no longer has to worry whether it will make money .
Free information is its very brand and that is why the advertising on its search engines is so lucrative .
In some ways , it resembles the old business ruse of offering a " loss leader " or distributing complementary freebies : consumer interest grows and everybody wins .
But what about the people who are providing the content that is being given away , the artists and journalists ?
Do they win , too ?
According to Anderson , yes .
He gives the pioneering example of the Prince album that was handed out with copies of the Mail on Sunday in 2007 .
Although the singer lost money on the deal , his follow - up London concerts sold out .
The newspaper lost money , too , yet its management could put no value on the huge business advantage of being seen as pioneers on the music scene .
It is the music business that has been caught struggling in the web the longest .
The decline in profits in the industry has been dramatic .
In 2008 , 95 % of the music that was downloaded from the internet was illegal .
The future , many believe , now lies in music - streaming websites such as Spotify .
Launched out of Sweden last year , the site has offered free accounts for Britons since February and now allows a million European music lovers to select from more than 2.7 m tracks .
Most fans choose to use it for nothing in return for receiving radio - style commercials , but the site also offers an ad - free service for £ 9.99 a month .
The fact that a leading site such as Spotify is still searching for traditional commercial traction is a sign of troubled times .
Mike Smith , managing director of Columbia Records , believes his industry made a " fundamental error " in letting people think music was free .
" When you listen to streamed music through Spotify , somebody is still being paid , " Smith says .
" These things are only free as a way of selling their site to you , or their newspaper , or their brand .
Unfortunately , a mentality has grown up in our society that believes an album is free . "
It is unfortunate , Smith believes , because in the aftermath of the credit crunch the creative industries represent a key , robust hope for the British economy .
" What we do now is crucial .
It is crucial that we challenge the idea that these things are free and one way of doing this is to make sure we make the best - quality entertainment . "
Smith says high creative standards will lead the public back towards the pleasure of owning an original CD album , or going to the cinema to see a film .
" We are doing this with the new Manic Street Preachers album , Journal for Plague Lovers , " he said .
The CD has been designed around the manuscript that Richey Edwards left to his band - mates before he disappeared in 1995 .
" It is a fabulous thing to own and other record companies are doing the same sort of thing .
God knows , though , it is not a cure for this problem on its own . "
Web evangelist Bill Thompson , who helped to design and launch the Guardian site in 1995 , acknowledges the difficulty of getting music fans to pay for downloads .
" I asked a group of senior media executives the other day how many of them used Spotify .
Lots of hands went up .
Then I asked how many of them paid and all the hands went down , " he said .
Thompson believes those who can pay will pay , as long as they are getting ­something faster , better or more easily .
" The paid - for business model is quite hard , though I am a fan of the TV series Battlestar Galactica and so I downloaded the US version because I did n't want to have to wait even a short while to see it . "
Relatively wealthy customers will also pay , he argues , for the reassurance of not breaking the law , as long as the process is simple enough .
Apple , for example , has benefited from making buying easy .
It is done in one click .
For other businesses , though , " micro- payment " remains a fiddly problem , with customers paying as little as 10 p to view a page .
According to Thompson , the solution is to stop expecting web industries to match one another just because they inhabit the same medium .
" It all depends what a company is doing .
The motivation behind the business will dictate the right model .
There is no point in , say , the news or entertainment industries diminishing their audience by charging .
We really do n't need convergence . "
He feels that Murdoch 's comments betray the fact that the newspaper magnate does not understand the web .
" He does n't appreciate the dynamic that comes from disseminating information for free and providing data that can be perfectly copied by anyone .
This brings the price of content down so low that it is almost not worth charging . "
Thompson 's view is echoed by fellow web pundit Jeff Jarvis , who also sees charging as anathema .
" Charging for content reduces audience , which in turn reduces advertising revenue .
And putting a wall around content keeps it out of the conversation and devalues brands . "
This is a danger Jarvis describes as " loss of Googlejuice " .
It is worth noting , too , that opposing political ideologies are at work here , not simply commercial forces .
While the libertarian impulse to " free the web " is claimed by hippy counter - culture , it is also aligned with far - right thought .
Pirate Bay , the Swedish bootlegging site at the centre of a legal storm this year , receives financial support from right - wing politician Carl Lundström .
Thompson knows the web is developing fast , but is not convinced that 2009 will prove critical .
" I do n't think we will look back at 2009 and think that was when it all changed , " he says .
" We might look back , though , and see that this was the moment when several senior executives realised they needed to change . "
The mechanics of the web are shifting , too , with new search engines and linking algorithms likely to make their presence felt soon .
One thing is certain though : the public 's search for " something for nothing " will go on forever .
In the words of the Roman poet Juvenal , one of the oldest pundits available on the web : " All wish to possess knowledge , but few , comparatively speaking , are willing to pay the price . "
In late 1944 , even as they faced imminent defeat , the Nazis expended enormous resources to kill or deport over 425,000 Jews during the " cleansing " of Hungary .
This Oscar - winning documentary ...
See full summary »
The Commonwealth Bank has announced a shock rise in interest rates , lifting its variable home loan rate by 10 basis points to 5.74 per cent because of what it says are increased long - term funding costs .
The CBA has also confirmed that some home loans with fixed interest rates will rise by 0.1 per cent from 5.13 to 5.23 per cent .
The other three major banks have not made any announcement on their rates .
Ross McEwan of the bank 's Retail Banking Services says the decision has been made reluctantly .
" We fully understand that any increase in interest rates impacts on our customers and for that reason have continued to absorb as much of the additional funding costs for as long as we could , " he said in a statement .
" Unfortunately , we have seen the bank 's wholesale funding costs remain high and continue to increase as previous long - term funding matures and is replaced with new funding at significantly higher cost .
" At the same time , due to intense competition for retail deposits , the cost of deposits compared to the official cash rate is extremely high . "
The rise means that on a $ 300,000 , 25 - year loan there would be an $ 18 per month increase on repayments .
The official cash rate is now at 3 per cent , with the Reserve Bank having slashed 4.25 percentage points off it since last September .
In February the Commonwealth Bank announced a net half - year profit of over $ 2.5 billion which it said was an increase of 9 per cent on the previous period .
The Federal Government has previously said the banks should pass on as much of the rate cuts as they can to customers .
Channel 4 is to become the first UK broadcaster to make its back catalogue of programmes available to watch for free on its website , it was announced .
Classic drama , comedy and entertainment shows such as Father Ted , Drop the Dead Donkey , Shameless and Queer As Folk will all be put on the 4 oD section of the channel4.com site from July .
In total , nearly 4,000 hours of the broadcaster 's archived material , representing around 10,000 programmes , will be on offer .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Imported US shows , which have been a mainstay of Channel 4 programming over the past decade , are not included because of rights issues , meaning fans of shows like Friends , ER and Desperate Housewives will still have to go out and buy the DVD boxed sets .
The relaunched 4 oD service means Channel 4 is the only UK broadcaster to make its archive available free to view online on a streamed basis .
Jon Gisby , director of future media and technology at Channel 4 , said : " We are extremely proud of the new and improved service and think the combination of fantastic content that 's easy to find and view will prove a compelling service for all users .
Just weeks ago Silvio Berlusconi appeared to have an ironclad grip on power .
Now the Italian premier is looking suddenly vulnerable , with the heat coming from something almost unheard of in freewheeling Italy : a sex scandal .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Opposition politicians and newspapers kept up the pressure today on Berlusconi , who has spent most of the past month defending himself against accusations from his wife that he had an inappropriate relationship with an 18 - year - old model .
In the latest fallout from the scandal , Berlusconi has come under attack over his explanations for using a government airplane to fly friends , entertainers and starlets for parties at his vacation villa in Sardinia .
The opposition charged today that Berlusconi has nearly tripled the use of government flights from the previous leftist administration .
The premier 's office felt obliged this week to deny any misuse of a state airplane to fly friends to Sardinia after a consumer group complained — it said the added passengers did not increase costs .
But Berlusconi appears to be losing his teflon touch amid the growing public relations disaster : newspapers published photos this week of people disembarking from the government plane , identifying one young woman as a flamenco dancer and a man as a Neapolitan crooner .
The scandal is clearly getting to the usually ebullient premier .
As he arrived at the presidential palace this week for a national day reception , Berlusconi looked decidedly out of sorts as jeers mingled with cheers among the gawkers waiting outside .
" Scoundrel ! " shouted one man as Berlusconi entered the Renaissance - era palazzo .
Inside , the 72 - year - old media baron just smiled wanly and mumbled " Okay " when a reporter asked how he was doing .
Italians have long winked at the peccadilloes of their political leaders , taking it almost for granted that men in power would have the occasional fling and surround themselves with beautiful women .
The uproar is all the more surprising because of Italians ' tolerant attitudes to sex and their respect for the private lives of politicians .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
Italians were mystified that Bill Clinton 's dalliance with a White House intern could produce such scandal , blaming it on a hypocritical American puritanism and assuring it could n't happen here .
But a combination of factors — sympathy for a spurned wife , Berlusconi 's ongoing legal problems and upcoming European Parliament elections that energized an otherwise weak opposition — has kept the saga going .
The Italian press has not shied from the story , led by the left - leaning La Repubblica , which Berlusconi 's estranged wife used to attack her husband .
The premier felt obliged to appear on national television to reject his wife 's suggestions that he had a sexual relationship with 18 - year - old glamor girl Noemi Letizia , calling it a " lie " and demanding she apologize .
Berlusconi , known for his colorful quotes and frequent gaffes , in the past has confounded his critics and political opponents , winning a landslide election victory last year despite corruption charges still hanging over his head .
But the latest scandal comes as a big embarrassment and a potential political blow , coming ahead of this week 's European elections and Berlusconi 's hosting of US President Barack Obama and other leaders of the Group of Eight leading industrial nations in July .
" Americans had been made fun of by many Italians who described them as being puritans or exaggeratedly interested in the private life of their president , " said Aldo Grasso , leading social commentator .
" But now , and always for political reasons , we are making the same mistakes . "
Berlusconi's second wife , former actress Veronica Lario , has for years lived a very separate life from her billionaire husband ; she announced in May that she had hired a lawyer to begin separation and divorce proceedings .
In particular , she lashed out at the premier 's reported attendance at Letizia 's 18th birthday party in Naples .
She said she was surprised " because he never came to the 18th if any of his children , even though he was invited . "
Berlusconi has taken to television and the newspapers to deny anything untoward .
" I have sworn it on the life of my children , " he said last week , adding he would resign " in an instant " if there were any truth to the whispers .
The centre - left opposition , put into shambles by Berlusconi over the past two years , smelled blood .
New opposition leader Dario Franceschini lashed out at the premier , asking indignantly whether Italians would want their children raised by a man like him .
The Berlusconi camp was quick to counterattack .
" I would be thrilled for Franceschini 's children if they had a father like mine , " shot back Marina Berlusconi , his oldest child and head of the Mondadori publishing house in the premier 's media empire .
The case has become a major test of whether Berlusconi can hold on to his popularity or is beginning to show the first cracks in his dominance of power in Italy .
Berlusconi won praise for the government 's rescue effort during the April earthquake in the Abruzzo region , despite such dubious attempts at humor about the homeless having a beach vacation at the state 's expense .
Berlusconi said his comments were meant to infuse the survivors with optimism — and indeed they were greeted with applause by those present , even if they raised eyebrows farther away .
But Domenico
De Masi , a sociologist at Rome 's La Sapienza University , said he thinks this may the start of Berlusconi 's decline .
He said that while Clinton was relatively young " this is a touched up old man .
Now a growing number of Italians are realizing that it a pathetic problem . "
Let me be abundantly clear .
We still have a Pay Option ARM and Alt - A mortgage problem .
This will hit in full force in 2010 and we are already seeing many mortgage holders having trouble with actual recasts brought on by negative amortization .
Yet there is a crew of people saying that Alt - A mortgage products will not bring any trouble because of the low interest rate environment .
Unfortunately the low rate misses the bigger issue .
Low rates are helping but the problem that we will be seeing is the massive onslaught of recasts , not resets that will be occurring over the next few years .
This is a big reason why we wo n’t see a housing bottom in California until 2011 at the earliest .
Many of these loans were made to supposedly better qualified borrowers in mid to upper priced areas .
These areas will begin to crack like an egg dropped on the floor late in 2009 .
The Notice of Default tsunami will guarantee this much .
I ’m am stunned that some people are actually saying that Alt - A mortgages or Pay Option ARMs will create little problems in the market .
Okay .
Then how about we remove the public - private investment program that conveniently has a cap with the FDIC of $ 500 billion ?
After all , if there is n’t any problem with toxic mortgages why should we have a toxic mortgage program that has the design to eat up $ 1 trillion in loans .
Exactly .
Let me break down the latest figures from data by none other than the Federal Reserve :
California
At the end of March 2009
Subprime loans active : $ 119 billion
Alt - A loans active : $ 288 billion
U.S .
Alt - A active : $ 469 billion
When we talk about the $ 500 billion in Alt - A mortgages this is what we are talking about .
Last time I checked $ 469 billion does not mean the problem has gone away .
Businessweek came out with a chart only last month showing how Pay Option ARMs will be recasting over the next few years :
Click for sharper image
I ’ve added a reference point for all those people who seem to think that Option ARMs and Alt - A loans have somehow disappeared from the market .
The game is just starting .
Currently , we are seeing less than $ 2 billion per month of these loans recasting .
However , in 2010 we are going to start seeing $ 8 to $ 10 billion per month recast , nearly 5 times the current rate .
The chart states “ months to 1st reset ” but they are referring to recasts brought on by negative amortization .
And as you will see , since the majority of these loans are in California the bulk are underwater Jacque Cousteau style .
Wachovia in their infinite wisdom swallowed up Golden West at the height of the lending insanity .
This cratered the bank which was taken over by Wells Fargo .
Just because you eat a bank does n’t mean the toxic waste suddenly disappears .
In fact , there is still well over $ 100 billion in Pick - A - Pay mortgages in their portfolio .
Wells Fargo has written off a portion of the portfolio but there is still a significant amount remaining :
This is from their most recent 10 - Q. Wells Fargo alone has $ 42 billion in unpaid principal linked to Pick - A - Pay mortgages here in California .
The Pick - A - Pay was basically the Pay Option ARM World Savings Style .
Here were the terms :
Source : Mortgage X
These are the crappiest loans in the world .
World Savings which was owned by Golden
West thought that by simply having a little more collateral and looking at FICO scores that handing out toxic waste would be smart .
Some of these insane loans do n’t have the first adjustment until 10 years later !
Of course , if Wells Fargo had any sense they would look at that absurd 152 % LTV and freaking recast the entire lot .
Somehow I doubt they are doing this since they are too busy sucking up taxpayer money through the crony bailout and pretending everything is fine through manufactured stress tests .
Look at the LTV on some of the toxic foursome .
Arizona actually beats California out with a 161 % LTV which is astonishing in itself .
But again , out of this little section of $ 61 billion in Pick - A - Pay loans $ 42 billion are in California , a state that has seen the median price drop by 50 % in one year .
Wells Fargo seems to have the biggest amount of this crap on their books .
Yet Bank of America and JP Morgan now have a lot since they acquired toxic mortgage experts Countrywide Financial and WaMu .
Let us first look at Bank of America :
Bank of America has $ 20 billion in Pay Option ARMs courtesy of Countrywide .
But keep in mind Countrywide was a toxic mortgage expert and other Alt - A crap producer .
They are the 31 - Flavors of toxic waste .
We can find some of that junk in the whopping $ 261 billion residential mortgage portfolio .
If you have n’t realized it yet , if you lose your job any mortgage becomes toxic if you are underwater and ca n’t make the payment .
So many of these “ prime ” loans are equally bad .
The only difference is these Pay Option ARMs are monstrosities of epic proportions born in the laboratory of financial meth labs .
Take a look at what the California Attorney General shows through one glorious example of a Countrywide Pay Option ARM :
Here we get a firsthand look of a toxic mortgage product in action .
This is for a $ 460,000 loan which is what is sitting in many of those mid to upper priced areas in California .
Initially , the first year payment is $ 1,479 which of course is absurdly low .
But by the time we hit the first 5 year adjustment our payment jumps up to $ 3,747 !
The payment more than doubles .
These craptastic loans were made throughout the bubble from 2004 to 2008 ( yes , 2008 with freaking Wachoiva ) .
A large number of these will have major adjustments in 5 years ( that is why we are seeing the first batch now ) while some like the idiotic Pick - A - Pay loans can go on for 10 years .
Like I stated before , I highly doubt that Wells or BofA are going to push to recast many of these loans since they are going to fold the minute they do it .
Most people in these loans ca n’t sell and are basically renters .
That is until they hit recast and you will be seeing some massive moonwalking from homes .
Yet buyers are walking because they are not building equity ( aka , renting ) .
If you bought a place for $ 500,000 and now know it is worth $ 250,000 , you might make that $ 1,500 a month payment but are you going to make the payment once it goes up to $ 3,700 ?
Heck no !
You are out .
These banks are praying the market will recover .
It will not .
At least not under their delusional expectations and V - shaped bubble recovery plans .
Let us look at JP Morgan who ended up swallowing up WaMu , another Pay Option ARM fanatic .
Before WaMu went under like the titanic they had a gigantic amount of Pay Option ARMs :
Right before WaMu bit the banking dust , it had $ 52 billion in Pay Option ARMs .
And where were the bulk of these loans ?
If you guessed California you win a prize :
Now JP Morgan wrote down a large part of this portfolio .
But how much of it ?
That is the real question .
If we are to take the stress test as any guide , banks are still insanely optimistic of potential losses .
Let us pull up the latest 10 - Q for JP Morgan :
According to the above , they still have $ 40.2 billion in Option ARMs and $ 21 billion in subprime loans .
But another major issue that I wo n’t address here but should be obvious is that massive “ home equity ” line item .
JP Morgan has $ 140 billion in these loans .
Many times , these loans are combined with Pay Option ARMs which makes for a dynamic duo of crap .
These loans are secured by home equity which does n’t even exist anymore !
These will implode simultaneously as things get worse with these loans .
In the Pick - A - Pay portfolio with Wells , the majority of people make the minimum payment meaning negative amortization .
Meaning , the bank most likely will recast the product based on the appraised price at time of sale .
Many will say otherwise but this is the only logical conclusion .
If we are to appraise those loans in today ’s current market , the vast majority of the portfolio would shatter the 110 % or 125 % ( insane ) caps and all these mortgages would hit recast oblivion .
I doubt that since banks are waiting for the PPIP so the taxpayer can assume the position at the worst time .
And that is why this problem has n’t been solved .
I ’ve heard a few misguided pundits say that most of these loans have been refinanced .
Sorry , the data above does n’t show that .
Most of these are still out there .
The only refinancing going on with these toxic mortgages occurs in the foreclosure process .
So why has refinancing activity picked up ?
Because buyers in no financial trouble have taken advantage of the low mortgage rate environment and this is smart .
But do n’t think all the activity was because of subprime and Alt - A borrowers running to get new government backed mortgages .
They do n’t qualify !
I ’ll leave you with the most recent graph from Credit Suisse :
The big hit is going to be in 2010 .
With 135,000 Notice of Defaults in California for Q1 of 2009 , the second half of the year is going to expose the eye of the hurricane we are currently in .
The pundits who say these loans have been taken care mistake silence with a problem being solved .
The data does not back them up but since when do we expect pundits to pay attention to data ?
Did You Enjoy The Post ? Subscribe to Dr. Housing Bubble ’s
Blog to get updated housing commentary , analysis , and information .
Dividend Investing for Passive Income and Portfolio Growth
Among the buzzwords you hear a great deal when you read about finance and investing is “ passive income . ”
One way that you can earn money in a regular income stream , passively , is to invest in dividend paying companies .
These are companies that regularly pay out a portion of their profits to shareholders , called dividends .
“ Dividend ” is derived from the Latin “ dividendum ” , which indicates something that is divided .
In truth , in ancient times it probably meant spoils of war or portions of some trade venture parceled out to participants .
Today , many companies keep a portion of their profits ( referred to as retained earnings ) , and if there is anything left over , it is divvied up and distributed amongst shareholders according to how much equity they have .
Dividends are paid monthly , quarterly , semi-annually or yearly .
A special dividend may be issued at any time , if a company feels it is warranted .
This is in addition to a regular dividend .
While normally paid in cash , it is possible for dividends to be settled as store credits ( if the investment is in a retail consumer cooperative ) or as shares in the company ( these are either bought on the market or created new ) .
When you hold shares in a dividend paying company , you can receive regular cash payments without doing anything other than hold the stock .
Dividend Investing with Dividend Reinvestment Plans ( DRIPs )
One of the most popular ways to take advantage of dividend paying companies is to invest using dividend reinvestment plans .
Instead of receiving a regular cash payment , your dividend is used to automatically buy more shares in the company .
It is like receiving free shares .
You do not have to actively buy them , and in many cases you avoid the transaction fees that come with making purchases of additional shares .
DRIPs can be a way to help grow your investment portfolio for the future .
It is a plan that delays the gratification of receiving cash until a later date .
You do n’t get the cash as part of a regular income stream , but you do end up with a larger portfolio .
If the company ’s stock does well , a DRIP can lead to higher returns overall .
Many companies offer DRIPs to stock holders .
In fact that there are more than 1,000 dividend paying companies , and a large portion of them offer DRIPs .
Most banks and other financial institutions pay dividends , and many offers DRIPs .
Some other companies that offer DRIPs include :
General Electric ( GE ) Kraft Foods ( KFT ) AFLAC ( AFL ) Allstate ( ALL ) Merck ( MRK ) Marriott International ( MAR ) Exxon ( XOM ) IBM ( IBM ) Intel ( INTC ) Verizon ( VZ ) UPS ( UPS ) Wendy ’s ( WEN ) Hershey ( HSY ) Waste Management ( WMI )
It is important to understand that DRIPs often come with requirements .
Some companies require that you own a minimum amount of shares before participating in a DRIP .
Others insist that shares in the company be held in your own name , rather than in the name of a brokerage .
There may also be restrictions on when you can sell your shares if that need arises .
Before you invest , you should understand the requirements expected by the companies .
You should also be comfortable with owning fractional shares .
DRIPs encourage good investing habits
Another often overlooked advantage of owning a stock through DRIPs is that it forces your portfolio to do ‘ dollar cost averaging ‘ .
This is a method of investing where same amount of cash is invested each period to buy additional shares .
When the stock price is high , less number of shares will be bought and when the stock price is low , more number of shares will be bought .
This has an effect of keeping the cost basis of the shares low .
Even if you chose to do your investments through a broker ( keeping your shares in street name as opposed to taking a stock certificate ) , you may still be able to set up a dividend reinvestment program .
Many brokers today offer an option to reinvest your dividends in additional shares as the dividends are received .
Most such offerings are complementary , meaning you will not be charged additional transaction fees or commissions .
If you would like to know more about this , please check with your stock broker .
Dividends in funds
It is possible to include dividend paying stocks in funds .
Mutual funds and ETFs often include dividend paying stocks .
The advantage of owning funds that focus on dividend paying stocks is that your dividends could be more frequent and uniform than if you had owned a few stocks directly .
This is because the funds can be more diversified than a individual portfolio can be and while it may own a few stocks that pay semi-annual dividends , it probably also owns many other stocks that pay quarterly or even monthly dividends .
You should realize that , even if your fund is tax advantaged , you may have tax obligations on the dividends you earn .
Dividend paying stocks can be of great benefit to you , whether you choose to use them as a source of passive income immediately , or whether you decide to use DRIPs to grow your portfolio for the future .
However , it should be remembered that dividends can be cut .
In these economic times , many companies have slashed their dividends in order to reduce costs .
You should understand that , just like any other investment , there is the risk that the returns will not always be as high as you would like .
Photo : David Niblack
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Finance chiefs from the G7 powers said on Friday the global economy may be past the worst phase of a recession although recovery was not yet assured , and they pledged to make sure that big financial firms are sound .
Group of Seven finance ministers and central bankers said after a meeting that economic activity should begin to recover later this year .
However , they said the outlook remained weak and there was a risk that the global economy may still worsen .
“ We are right to be somewhat encouraged , but we would be wrong to conclude that we are close to emerging from the darkness that descended on the global economy early last fall , ” U.S. Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner said in a statement .
It was a less dire assessment than the G7 finance officials delivered at their last gathering in February , when they warned that the severe downturn would persist through most of 2009 and made no mention of promising signs of stability .
“ Recent data suggest that the pace of decline in our economies has slowed and some signs of stabilization are emerging , ” the G7 said in a closing communique .
“ We will continue to act , as needed , to restore lending , provide liquidity support , inject capital into financial institutions , protect savings and deposits and address impaired assets .
We reaffirm our commitment to take all necessary actions to ensure the soundness of systemically important institutions , ” the statement said .
Japanese Finance Minister Kaoru Yosano said “ signs of stabilization ” was “ an expression with a question mark . ”
“ But we understand that the G7 statement has indirectly expressed the view that the worst may be possibly over for the world economy , ” he added .
The G7 , which comprises the United States , Britain , Canada , France , Germany , Italy and Japan , met a day before the International Monetary Fund and World Bank begin their twice - yearly meetings .
The larger G20 group , which includes emerging economies such as China and India , held a meeting after the G7 but issued no official statement .
Geithner said both groups had the same agenda .
“ The agenda will be : What are we doing ?
Are we doing enough to help attenuate the risks in this recession , lay the foundation for an earlier recovery , lay the foundation for a more balanced , more sustainable recovery ? ” he said .
FIX THE BANKS
The G7 has been under growing pressure to speed up efforts to rid banks of bad assets that have constrained lending and plunged the global economy into its deepest recession since World War Two .
Slideshow ( 7 images )
The International Monetary Fund , which has estimated that losses at financial institutions around the globe could exceed $ 4 trillion , urged rich nations to prioritize repairing the financial sector because the world economy cannot fully recover unless credit is flowing .
“ The IMF is absolutely right when it asks countries to deal with toxic assets because transparency is crucial for recovery , ” said Mario Draghi , head of the Financial Stability Board , a newly fortified group designed to coordinate global regulatory reform .
But some European officials questioned how the IMF calculated the magnitude of bank losses .
The Fund estimated that European banks may need to write down $ 750 billion in bad assets , while U.S. firms had $ 550 billion more to go .
Slideshow ( 7 images )
“ We are looking at it very carefully and we think there are methodological issues we have to clarify with the IMF , ” European Central Bank President Jean - Claude Trichet told a news conference after the G20 meeting .
“ I am not criticizing the IMF ( but ) we have to look at it very carefully . ”
U.S. regulators have put 19 of the largest U.S. banks through stress tests to assess whether the government will have to pump more money into them .
Geithner said the results of the stress tests were not discussed at the G7 meeting .
The Federal Reserve released a paper on Friday outlining the methodology of the tests , and said banks needed to hold substantially more capital than is usually required to weather a potential worsening of the recession .
Canadian Finance Minister Jim Flaherty , who has expressed frustration over the slow pace of progress in fixing the banks , said after the G7 meeting that he was pleased with U.S. and British efforts to implement their bank repair plans .
“ We ’re going in the right direction , ” he said .
With attention firmly focused on the banking sector , the G7 made no changes to its closely watched statement on currency markets , repeating its February caution that excess volatility and disorderly movements in exchange rates were unwelcome .
Iran seems like an opened can of worms .
But I know that there is a caterpillar that is bound to fly .
In the meantime , I promenade on the silk road .
Welcome on my journey .
Please forgive typos !
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) -- Israel must halt West Bank settlement activity and the Palestinians need to increase West Bank security to advance the Middle East peace process , President Obama said Thursday after meeting with Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas .
Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas , left , meets with President Obama Thursday .
" I am confident that we can move this process forward if all the parties are willing to take on the responsibilities and meet the obligations that they 've already committed to , " Obama told reporters in a joint appearance with Abbas following the White House meeting .
Abbas said his Palestinian Authority was committed to fulfilling its obligations under the 2003 Middle East road map .
The two men called for immediate progress in the peace process that could lead to renewed direct talks between the Palestinians and the Israeli government .
No formal Palestinian - Israeli negotiations have occurred since Israeli elections in February brought Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to power .
" What is needed right now is to resume the discussions with the current Israeli government , " Abbas said .
The talks came days before Obama is scheduled to meet with Saudi King Abdullah in Riyadh and deliver a long - awaited speech on relations between the United States and the Muslim world in Cairo , Egypt
Last week , Obama pushed Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu for a firm Israeli commitment to Palestinian statehood as part of the so - called two - state solution -- a position strongly advocated Thursday by Abbas .
Netanyahu has committed to removing illegal settlement " outposts " but has also pledged to continue expansion , or " natural growth , " of existing settlements .
At the same time , Netanyahu has refrained from endorsing Palestinian statehood , arguing that Israel first needs security guarantees and a clear Palestinian partner for peace talks .
A total of 295,000 Israelis live in the West Bank , according to the Council for Peace and Security Talks .
Another 194,000 live in the disputed area of East Jerusalem .
Obama said Thursday it was in the interest of Israel , the Palestinians and the United States for both sides to show their commitment to the two - state solution proposed by the 2003 road map .
Watch Obama say he is a " strong believer " in a two - state solution »
" It is in our interest to ensure that Israel is safe and secure , " he said , adding that the best way to achieve that is to create the necessary conditions to " set the stage for a Palestinian state . "
" I 'm confident that if Israel looks long - term -- looks at its long - term strategic interests -- that it will recognize that a two - state solution is in the interests of the Israeli people as well as the Palestinians , " Obama said .
At the same time , Obama said he told President Abbas " in a frank exchange " that continuing anti-Israel sentiments and incitements in Palestinian schools , mosques and public squares were " impediments to peace . "
The Palestinian Authority headed by Abbas holds power on the West Bank , while the militant Palestinian Islamist group Hamas controls Gaza .
Obama noted that Abbas is under pressure to negotiate with Hamas on creating a unified Palestinian leadership , and praised him for insisting that such a Palestinian leadership must agree to Israel 's right to exist and commit itself to peace .
" I want to publicly commend President Abbas for taking that position , because I think it's in the interest of the Palestinian people and the people of the region , " Obama said .
The struggle to balance Palestinian sovereignty and Israeli security was highlighted earlier Thursday , when Israeli anti-terror forces killed a suspected Hamas military leader in a West Bank village south of Hebron .
Israel accused 45 - year - old Aded El Majid Dodeen , of , among other things , involvement in suicide bombings on buses in Jerusalem .
Abbas ' meeting with Obama comes at what many observers believe is a pivotal time in the Middle East peace process .
" There is a critical window of opportunity , and it would be sensible for us to pass through it , " former British Prime Minister Tony Blair told members of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee two weeks ago .
Blair has served as the United Nations ' primary Middle East envoy since stepping down as Britain 's prime minister in 2007 .
" We have a new [ United States ] administration that has come in and from the outset has said , ' This is a priority for us , ' " he said .
" You have the Arab peace initiative , which signals that the Arab world is prepared to recognize Israel and to be part of this process .
You have a basically unified international community position " in favor of a two - state solution .
" If we can not move this forward now , I think the risk is , there will be many people within Israel and within the Palestinian territories who will conclude it can't be moved forward . "
But without proper security , a Palestinian state will continue to be viewed as a threat rather than an opportunity for Israelis , Blair argued .
At the same time , many observers say , the Palestinians need greater economic opportunity and more complete control over their territory .
CNN 's Elise Labott contributed to this report .
All About Mahmoud Abbas • Barack Obama • Israel • Palestinian Politics
T- Mobile has announced the MyTouch , the company ’s second Googlephone , and on paper it is smaller , lighter and just plain better .
The MyTouch is essentially the same phone as the Google Ion , also known as the HTC Magic .
The biggest change between the MyTouch and the original Android handset – the G1 , also manufactured by HTC – is the physical QWERTY keyboard .
It ’s gone , replaced by an - onscreen soft keyboard .
It was ironic that the old G1 keyboard , the major differentiator between the iPhone and the first Google phone , was one of its biggest problems , featuring a large “ chin ” which would trip up all but the longest of thumbs .
The soft keyboard one - ups the Palm Pre , too , with predictive text ( the Pre has neither prediction nor correction to help you use its tiny buttons ) , and it vibrates when you touch a button to let you know you ’ve , well , touched a button .
The other physical change is the size .
It ’s slimmer ( early reports compare it to the iPhone ) and lighter , at 4.1 ounces against 5.6 ounces ( 116g vs. 160g ) .
It ’s also colorful - er : Along with white and black the phone will come in “ merlot ” , a shade of burgundy sure to join Zune - brown in the history books of bad taste .
Memory is provided by microSD cards which augment the internal 512MB .
The $ 200 MyTouch will come with a pathetic 4GB card in the box , a move which looks even worse now that the old 8 GB iPhone 3G can be had for just $ 100 .
On the other hand , SD is certainly handy for upgrades .
The biggest problem with the G1 was the terrible battery life .
The multi-tasking applications meant that the power would be sucked dry in a matter of hours .
A new 1340 mAh battery should give a claimed six hours of talk time versus the five hours of the old 1150 mAh battery .
In the real world , of course , it will be much less .
T- Mobile has n’t revealed all of the hardware details of the new handset , but as it is essentially a rebadged HTC Magic , it ’s not to hard to anticipate the other internals .
The camera is the same 3.2MP camera found in the G1 , the headphone socket still requires a stupid adapter ( why no standard 3.5 m m jack , T - Mobile ? C’mon already ) .
What the handset does have , though , is Android .
The Google OS was roundly considered to be the best part of the G1 , despite the fact that the hardware was n’t really up to the task of running it properly .
Sure , Apple has hit yet another home run with the iPhone 3GS , but we fully expect to see a slew of very good Android phones take their rightful place in the market .
T - Mobile itself has said it will launch “ a few more ” android devices this year .
One thing is certain .
Right now is probably the best time ever to be buying a cellphone .
T- Mobile is even treating its customers right .
They will be able to get the MyTouch on July 8 .
New customers will have to wait until August to sign up for their two - year contract .
Product page [ T - Mobile ]
See Also :
The United States has no clear military policy about how the nation might respond to a cyberattack on its communications , financial or power networks , a panel of scientists and policy advisers warned Wednesday , and the country needs to clarify both its offensive capabilities and how it would respond to such attacks .
The report , based on a three - year study by a panel assembled by the National Academy of Sciences , is the first major effort to look at the military use of computer technologies as weapons .
The potential use of such technologies offensively has been widely discussed in recent years , and disruptions of communications systems and Web sites have become a standard occurrence in both political and military conflicts since 2000 .
The report , titled “ Technology , Policy , Law , and Ethics Regarding U.S. Acquisition and Use of Cyberattack Capabilities , ” concludes that the veil of secrecy that has surrounded cyberwar planning is detrimental to the country ’s military policy .
The report ’s authors include Adm. William A. Owens , a former vice chairman of the joint chiefs of staff ; William O. Studeman , former deputy director of the Central Intelligence Agency ; and Walter B. Slocombe , former under secretary of defense for policy .
Scientists and cyberspecialists on the panel included Richard L. Garwin , an I.B.M. physicist .
Origami ( from oru meaning “ folding ” , and kami meaning “ paper ” ) is the traditional Japanese art of paper folding .
The goal of this art is to create a representation of an object using geometric folds and crease patterns preferably without the use of gluing or cutting the paper , and using only one piece of paper , or in this case , a single dollar bill , hence the name “ money origami . ”
The creativity of the little critters that people have designed from their currency is astounding : the one - eyed crab below is even borderline frightening .
Type : Any Archaeological spaces Cultural events and ...
Curiosities Emblematic architecture Historical places Monuments Natural wonders Nature Palaces and castles Spiritual spaces Unique places Country : Any Afghanistan Albania Algeria Andorra Antarctica Argentina Aruba Australia Austria Bahamas Belarus Belgium Bolivia Bosnia And Herzegowina Brazil Bulgaria Cambodia Cameroon Canada Chad Chile China Colombia Costa Rica Cote D'Ivoire Croatia ( Hrvatska ) Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Estonia Ethiopia Finland France French Polynesia Gambia Georgia Germany Gibraltar Greece Guadeloupe Guatemala Guyana Holy See ( Vatican City State ) Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran ( Islamic Republic Of ) Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kyrgyzstan Lao People 's Democratic ...
Latvia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Madagascar Malaysia Malta Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mexico Moldova , Republic Of Monaco Mongolia Morocco Myanmar Namibia Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Niger Nigeria Pakistan Panama Paraguay Peru Philippines Poland Portugal Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Saint Kitts And Nevis Saint Lucia Saudi Arabia Senegal Singapore Slovakia ( Slovak Republic ) Slovenia South Africa Spain Sri Lanka Svalbard And Jan Mayen Islands Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tanzania , United Republic Of Thailand Tunisia Turkey Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States Uruguay Uzbekistan Venezuela Viet Nam
Map
Chinese girl , Angelin Lv lin , posed for MOKO TOP GIRL .
She showed her underb00bs which is very very sexy .
She has a big and round b00bs .
Wanna touch it ?
This phone is crack ... I played with it the other day at the sprint store .
I just want to make sure they get all the bugs out 1st and develop some more apps before actually purchasing the phone .
Peep the video !
Accessibly Exclusive
At the core of everything we do at Kingsbridge Private Hospital is the understanding that your health is of paramount importance
So if I had Internet only service through a cable company , would the coax line deliver CATV channels too ?
Can somebody please educate me on how they can control what is or is n't transmitted through the COAX line ?????
Cable internet service usually runs in the 20 to 50 mhz range , with standard cable channels being delivered higher up , starting with channel 2 at 55.25 mhz .
If the install guy does his job right , he will attach an inline filter to your main input line that blocks all RF signal above 51 mhz , thus delivering internet service only and no viewable TV signal at the wall outlet .
If he did n't put a filter on , you will be able to watch any unblocked channels already present on the line , yes .
I 've been a CATV splicer and tech for ten years .
I have cable internet and no TV .
The install guy made sure I did n't have TV as he said he had to install a filter on the pole to block TV .
But I never checked and would n't take it even it it was free .
A pair of rabbit ears will get you your locals in high def .
But the filter is usually put someplace where the customer cannot access it .
dbmaven
There 's no shortage
Mod
join:1999-10 - 26
Sty in Sky 1 recommendation
Signs of more trouble ahead for housing market Housing market Supply / demand problems contrary to theory that turnaround is in sight
Matt Bording and his wife Mangala Abeysinghe work in the kitchen of their home in Richmond , Calif. , on Friday , April 10 , 2009 .
Since they purchased the home in 2005 , the value has plummeted in recent years and is now under water by $ 150,000 .
less Matt Bording and his wife Mangala Abeysinghe work in the kitchen of their home in Richmond , Calif. , on Friday , April 10 , 2009 .
Since they purchased the home in 2005 , the value has plummeted in recent years and ... more Photo : Paul Chinn , The Chronicle Photo : Paul Chinn , The Chronicle Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Signs of more trouble ahead for housing market 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
Warren Buffett and Alan Greenspan say the housing market is near bottom .
Peppy real estate agents and gloomy stock - market traders alike eagerly embrace that supposition .
Wall Street is so hungry for good news that stocks rallied at the barest hint of upbeat indicators several times this month .
But an array of serious pending issues undercuts the turnaround theorists .
To be sure , an end to the precipitous collapse that triggered a foreclosure avalanche and wiped out more than $ 6 trillion of home equity nationwide , not to mention setting off a worldwide economic collapse , would be something to celebrate .
And several recent market barometers - diminishing inventory , increasing buyer competition , slowing price depreciation , rising builder confidence - lend credence to the idea that real estate could soon rebound .
A healthy housing market has a decent balance between supply and demand .
While at a quick glance those components appear to be stabilizing , on closer look there are numerous factors that are likely to weaken demand and deluge the market with supply in coming months .
On the demand side , the surge in joblessness , still - high home prices , the credit crunch and a dearth of move - up buyers cut into the pool of potential home buyers .
On the supply side , an assortment of factors seems poised to trigger new waves of foreclosures that will continue to bloat inventory .
They include the expiration of foreclosure moratoriums , more underwater " walk - away " homeowners , pending recasts of option ARM loans , rising delinquencies in prime and Alt - A loans , and soft sales of high - end homes .
Here is a rundown of key problems that could continue to undercut real estate .
Demand still softens
-- Rising unemployment .
It does n't take an economist to realize people will not buy homes if they 're worried they might lose their jobs .
" Employment is crucially important , " said Peter Morici , a professor at the University of Maryland business school .
" We lost more than 600,000 private - sector jobs last month .
That means the housing market is not going to turn up yet for a while . "
Unemployment also will spur supply .
While the first wave of foreclosed - upon homeowners comprised people who could not afford their homes from the get - go , as more people lose their jobs , they are likely to lose their homes because they no longer have enough income to make the payments .
-- No " move - up " buyers .
In a normal real estate market , about 80 percent of buyers are " moving up " or " moving across " - people who sell one home before buying another , said Mark Hanson , principal of Walnut Creek 's the Field Check Group , a mortgage consultant .
Remaining purchasers are split between first - time buyers and investors .
In today 's market , about half of buyers are first - timers and a third are investors , leaving just 15 percent of what he calls " organic " buyers .
Those first - timers and investors all troll for bargain - basement foreclosures - leaving few buyers who are interested in the homes being sold by " Ma and Pa Homeowner . "
That , in turn , leaves Ma and Pa unable to move up to a nicer home .
" The organic seller is left out in the cold , " he said .
It also could impact supply down the road , when all those pent - up sellers finally decide to put their homes on the market .
-- Tight credit .
Even people who do want to buy a home can't necessarily find someone willing to give them a mortgage .
The standards of 20 percent down payment ; solid , provable income ; and good credit are back in force .
While that more - stringent underwriting represents a return to classic values that should avoid future delinquencies , it leaves quite a few potential borrowers out in the cold .
Most notably , self - employed workers - even ones with high income , such as doctors - are finding a less - cordial reception from lenders .
-- Homes still overpriced .
Home values have plunged nationwide .
The authoritative Case - Shiller index shows prices nationwide at 158 , down from a spring 2006 peak of 226 .
( That compares to a base value of 100 in January 2000 . )
So that means homes are now affordable , right ?
Not so , say many analysts who believe prices are still wildly inflated compared to historic appreciation rates .
From 1950 to 2000 , home prices grew 4.4 percent a year , modestly outpacing inflation , said Andrew Schiff , a spokesman for Euro Pacific Capital in Connecticut .
Following that metric , the Case - Shiller index should be at 132 .
" We 're still way above where we should be in a normal market , " he said .
Supply likely to surge
-- Foreclosure moratoriums end .
Major lenders temporarily halted foreclosures late last year and early this year in anticipation of President Obama 's housing rescue plan .
In addition , California enacted a new law this fall that slowed down foreclosures .
That means the foreclosure rate was artificially depressed over the past several months .
The moratoriums have now expired .
The net result is likely to be fresh batches of foreclosures from all those deferred troubled loans .
California statistics illustrate the problem .
According to research firm MDA DataQuick , mortgage default notices - the first step in the foreclosure process - hit record highs in the first quarter , implying that , within months , foreclosures will resurge .
-- Shadow inventory .
Banks appear to be sitting on a vast inventory of homes that they have repossessed but not yet listed for sale .
As previously reported in The Chronicle , this shadow foreclosure inventory could number in the hundreds of thousands nationwide .
In addition , observers say banks appear to be deliberately delaying foreclosures , for example , not yet sending notices of default to homeowners who are months behind on their mortgages .
All those properties eventually will have to hit the market , and , like all foreclosures , are likely to sell at cut -rate prices , driving down home values .
-- Walk - away underwater homeowners .
The number of people who owe more than their home is worth continues to rise .
Almost 22 percent of all mortgage holders were underwater by March , according to real estate site Zillow.com .
That 's spurring a phenomenon of " walk - away " homeowners - people who choose foreclosure because they do n't want to pay off an upside - down asset .
Matt Bording and Mangala Abeysinghe are an example .
They have poured love and energy into their three - bedroom Richmond home ; the garden alone is a work of art .
Bording has a steady job as an ICU nurse , Abeysinghe , a nurse in her native Sri Lanka , should readily find work once she passes the U.S. licensing exam .
They made a down payment and can afford their monthly payments .
On paper , they sound like ideal borrowers .
But as their home value plummeted , leaving them underwater by more than $ 200,000 , they decided to walk away .
They stopped paying their mortgage in October , and are still living in the home , although the lender sold it at a foreclosure auction last week .
Bording described the decision as " a bit of brinkmanship and bravado , along with fear of being financially trapped .
I 'm wondering about the possibility of many more prime borrowers doing the same thing , causing some kind of ripple in the economy . "
-- Loan modification shortfalls .
Modifying borrower 's mortgages to make them more affordable is a cornerstone of foreclosure prevention .
But to date , most such efforts have simply deferred foreclosure , rather than providing a permanent fix .
An authoritative study by the Comptroller of the Currency found that more than half of modified loans end up delinquent again within months .
However , the study was done before the Obama administration 's mortgage mod plan came into play .
The jury is still out on how effective it will be at preventing foreclosures .
-- Option ARM , Alt - A time bombs .
Two categories of loans used for higher - end homes are emerging as the next trouble spots , as foreclosure contagion spreads beyond subprime .
Delinquencies are rising for Alt - A loans given to people with good credit who could not document their income .
Meanwhile , millions of option ARMs , or adjustable rate mortgages in which borrowers can choose to start off making minimum payments that do n't even cover the interest , are expected to start resetting next summer .
At reset , borrowers suddenly must make sharply higher payments , which can trigger foreclosures .
The underwater issue comes into play here , too : People who owe more than their home is worth find the door slammed shut on refinancing their way out of trouble .
" Option ARM and Alt - A products will be the next big wave of foreclosures , " said Jeffrey Taylor , a forensic accountant with Digital Risk LLC , which provides risk mitigation services for financial firms .
" Many of those ( borrowers ) reached a little further than they should have .
With the economy deteriorating , will those people be able to afford those houses ? "
-- High end taking a hit .
Until recently , most of the market activity and price drops have been among lower - cost homes .
Homes under $ 350,000 have had the most severe price drops , while those above $ 750,000 have remained relatively stable .
That appears to be changing , as foreclosure woes spread to the upper end .
The difficulty of getting " jumbo " loans to buy pricey houses has exacerbated the situation to the point where unsold inventories of high - end homes are swelling .
" The mid- to upper - end housing market is sitting on the exact precipice that the lower - end market was sitting on in early 2008 , " Hanson said .
THE WEB Fonts
Wiki has a page listing fonts you can legally embed in your site designs using the CSS standard @font - face method .
Just as importantly , the wiki maintains a page showing commercial foundries that allow @font - face embedding .
Between these two wiki pages , you may find just the font you need for your next design ( even if you ca n’t currently license classics like Adobe Garamond or ITC Franklin and Clarendon ) .
The advantages of using fonts other than Times , Arial , Georgia , and Verdana have long been obvious to designers ; it ’s why web design in the 1990s was divided between pages done in Flash , and HTML pages containing pictures of fonts — a practice that still , bizarrely , continues even in occasionally otherwise advanced recent sites .
Using real fonts instead of pictures of fonts or outlines of fonts provides speed and accessibility advantages .
Currently the Webkit - based Apple Safari browser supports @font - face .
The soon - to - be - released next versions of Opera Software ’s Opera browser , Google ’s Webkit - based Chrome , and Mozilla Firefox will do likewise .
When I say “ soon - to - be - released , ” I mean any day now .
When this occurs , all browsers except IE will support @font - face .
IE has , however , offered font embedding since IE4 via Embedded OpenType ( .EOT ) , a font format that enables real fonts to be temporarily embedded in web pages .
That is , the reader sees the font while reading the page , but cannot download ( “ steal ” ) the font afterwards .
Microsoft has “ grant[ed ] to the W3C a perpetual , nonexclusive , royalty - free , world - wide right and license under any Microsoft copyrights on this contribution , to copy , publish and distribute the contribution under the W3C document licenses , ” in hopes that EOT would thereby become a standard .
But so far , only Microsoft ’s own browsers support EOT .
Thus , as we consider integrating real fonts into our designs , we must navigate between browsers that support @font - face now ( Safari ) , those that will do so soon ( Opera , Chrome , Firefox ) , and the one that possibly never will ( IE , with a dwindling but still overwhelming market share ) .
The person who figures out a designer - friendly solution to all this will either be hailed as a hero / heroine or get rich .
Meanwhile , near - complete solutions of varying implementation difficulty exist .
Read on :
“ Instead of making pictures of fonts , the actual font files can be linked to and retrieved from the web .
This way , designers can use TrueType fonts without having to freeze the text as background images . ”
An introduction to @font - face by Håkon Wium Lie , father of CSS .
Is there life after Georgia ?
To understand issues surrounding web fonts from the type designer ’s perspective , I interview David Berlow , co-founder of The Font Bureau , Inc , and the ?rst TrueType type designer .
A discussion that shows why the W3C may not be able to resolve this conflict .
( It ’s kind of like asking the Montagues and Capulets to decide whether the Montagues or the Capulets should rule Verona . )
Mike Davidson ’s scalable and accessible remix of Shaun Inman ’s pioneering use of Flash and JavaScript to replace short passages of HTML text with Flash movies of the same text set in a real font .
The Flash movies are created on the fly .
If JavaScript or images are turned off , the user “ sees ” the HTML text ; text set in sIFR can also be copied and pasted .
sIFR was a great initial solution to the problem of real fonts on the web , but it ’s only for short passages ( which means the rest of the page must still be set in Georgia or Verdana ) , and it fails if the user has a Flash block plug - in installed , as half of Firefox users seem to .
It ’s also always a pain to implement .
I do n’t know any designer or developer who has an easy time setting up sIFR .
In short , while sIFR is an awesome stop - gap , real fonts on the web are still what ’s needed .
Which also leads us to …
Simo Kinnunen ’s method of embedding fonts , regardless of whether or not a browser supports @font - face .
Kilian Valkhof : “ Everyone wants @font - face to work everywhere , but as it stands , it only works in Safari and the upcoming versions of Firefox and Opera .
In this article I ’ll show you how to use Cufón only if we ca n’t load the font through other , faster methods . ”
Why Adobe supports Microsoft ’s EOT instead of @font - face .
Update May 28 , 2009 : Working with Jason Santa Maria , Jeff Veen ’s company Small Batch Inc. introduces Typekit :
We ’ve been working with foundries to develop a consistent web - only font linking license .
We ’ve built a technology platform that lets us to host both free and commercial fonts in a way that is incredibly fast , smoothes out differences in how browsers handle type , and offers the level of protection that type designers need without resorting to annoying and ineffective DRM .
Read more
Web Fonts , HTML 5 Roundup : Worthwhile reading on the hot new web font proposals , and on HTML 5 / CSS 3 basics , plus a demo of advanced HTML 5 trickery .
— 20 July 2009
Web Fonts Now , for real : David Berlow of The Font Bureau has proposed a Permissions Table for OpenType that can be implemented immediately to turn raw fonts into web fonts without any wrappers or other nonsense .
If adopted , it will enable type designers to license their work for web use , and web designers to create pages that use real fonts via the CSS @font - face standard .
— 16 July 2009
[ tags ] fonts , webfonts , webdesign , embed , @font - face , EOT , wiki , css , layout , safari , opera , firefox , chrome , browsers [ / tags ]
Began on Nov 10 , 2006
Ended on Mar 06 , 2007
This LP has 66 parts .
parts .
Added to the archive on Apr 14 , 2007
Original Thread : Dwarf Fortress Succession Game - Return to Boatmurder , we still have Miasma
If you liked this LP , you might also like Animal Crossing by Chewbot , Princess Maker 2 by SynthOrange and Dwarf Fortress - Headshoots by Various
In the ten days since Iran 's disputed presidential election , street demonstrations have taken place every day .
Iranian citizens , supporters of opposition candidates , continue to take to the streets and document what they encounter there , despite explicit government bans , the danger of arrest ( many hundreds placed in custody ) , or possible physical harm ( at least 19 deaths so far ) .
Iranian officials maintain their stance that Mahmoud Ahmadinejad was the undisputed winner , and have increased restrictions and pressure on opposition members , protesters , foreign media and communication networks as they work to regain control .
President Barack Obama recently stated that the government of Iran should " recognize that the world is watching . "
Many of the photographs here were taken and transmitted at great risk in the past week , in the hopes that others would be able to see and bear witness .
[ previously on Big Picture : 1 3 ] ( 38 photos total
“ Weird Al ” Yankovic has been pumping out parodies before there were CDs .
Yes , young padawans , I listened to him on cassette tape .
So , with a shout - out to one of my favorite artists ( and a hat - tip to big - time fans ) , I present the Top 10 Weird Al songs – GeekDad style .
Some are current and some are vintage .
If I 've forgotten any that you would place in the Top 10 , please let us know in the comments .
10 . Do n't Download This Song .
This was done during the height of the peer - to - peer song sharing sites - being - sued - by - RIAA era .
The official video ( embedding disabled ) is here .
9. Virus Alert .
One of the more recent songs by Al .
Could have gone a bit higher , but given what 's coming up , this is the highest I could place it .
The official video ( embedding disabled ) is here .
8. Yoda .
You 've gotta give Al credit .
He was a Star Wars geek a long , long time ago in a galaxy far , far away before MP3s and iTunes .
This version is a fan - made mash - up of Weird Al and LEGO .
7. Hardware Store .
Every GeekDad has a ( sometimes ) unsaid yearning to go to the hardware store .
A fan - made video homage to the song WoW style ...
6. eBay
Okay .
We 've all been there and questioned the junk we 've purchased .
Al has the guts to make it into a song while parodying the boy - bands of the ( 19 ) 90's .
5. Craigslist
The newest song released by Weird Al on this list .
In the style of the Doors , it highlights the things you can do on Craigslist .
Not my personal favorite style , but the subject matter is hilarious and Weird Al 's got Jim Morrison 's moves down .
The official video ( embedding disabled ) is here .
4. Dare to be Stupid .
Some people think this video from Weird Al ( back when MTV played music videos ... but I digress ) was more Devo than Devo videos .
Discuss .
( Does this start another Geek Argument ? )
The official video ( embedding disabled ) is here .
3. The Saga Begins .
Nothing quite like parodying The Phantom Menace in song , but Al does it .
The official video ( embedding disabled ) is here .
2. White and Nerdy .
I 'm sure some thought this would hit # 1 .
Sorry to disappoint .
While a fantastic song that many GeekDads can relate to , it just does n't make it to the top spot .
If you watch the lego version you have to sacrifice watching Donny Osmond as a back - up dancer .
The official video ( embedding disabled ) is here .
1. Think I'm a Clone Now .
This is a fan - made mash - up of Attack of the Clones ( circa 2002 ) with a Weird Al song ( circa 1988 ) .
It 's a bit Back To The Future , but it hits my list as the best Weird Al song – GeekDad style .
Enjoy .
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1kw_d3d0XAo
JANESVILLE , Wis. , March 3 ( UPI ) -- A Wisconsin woman said she discovered a Nokia cell phone inside a bag of Clancy 's Ripple Potato Chips that she purchased at an Aldi store .
Emma Schweiger of Janesville Township said she opened one of the bags of chips she purchased Wednesday and felt something hard when she reached into the bag for a handful of the potato snacks , the Janesville ( Wis . )
Gazette reported Tuesday .
Advertisement
She said the blue and silver Nokia phone that she pulled from the bag was not functional , but it contained a T - Mobile chip and had a discolored spot on the bag that appeared to be from previous use of a belt clip .
Martha Swaney , a spokeswoman for Aldi , said the store has notified its supplier and the incident is under investigation .
" Certainly the health and safety of our customers are our top priority , " she said .
Schweiger said Aldi told her all of the chips of the same brand bearing the same expiration date would be pulled from shelves .
She said the store offered her a replacement bag of chips , but she said she will likely pass on the offer .
" You kind of do n't want chips for a while " after this sort of incident , she said .
You should rid the Land ( of its inhabitants and then ) you should settle in it , for I have given you the Land to occupy it .
Classic Questions
What does verse 53 teach us ?
Rashi : " You shall rid the Land " — you should rid it of its inhabitants , and then : " You should settle in it " — only then will you be able to survive there .
But if not , you will not be able to survive there .
Ramban :
In my opinion , this verse conveys a positive command of the Torah ... that G‑d commanded the Jewish people to settle in the Land of Israel ...
Thus we find that our Sages greatly praised the mitzvah of living in the Land of Israel and the prohibition of leaving it .
It is in this verse that the mitzvah is conveyed .
Megilas Esther : Rambam clearly did not agree with Ramban that it is a mitzvah from the Torah to live in the Land of Israel , as he omitted this precept from his Sefer Hamitzvos .
Presumably , Rambam maintained that verse 53 was a command to Moshe and Yehoshua , which was only in force until the Jewish people were exiled from the Land , but not to all future generations until Mashiach will come ( commentary on Ramban 's " omissions " from Sefer Hamitzvos , positive 4 ) .
Rambam : [ 9 ]
One should not emigrate from the Land of Israel , except for the purposes of studying Torah or in order to get married ... so , too , one may leave for the purposes of business .
However , one may not leave on a permanent basis ... [ 10 ]
The Sages would kiss the ground of the Land of Israel , and kiss its rocks and roll on its earth ... [ 11 ]
Our Sages said that any person who lives in the Land of Israel will be forgiven for his sins ... even if he walks four cubits there , he will merit life in the World to Come .
So , too if a person is buried there , he is atoned for ... [ 12 ]
A person should always live in the Land of Israel , even in a town which is mainly inhabited by non-Jews , rather than live in the Diaspora in a town which is predominantly Jewish .
If a person leaves [ the Land of Israel ] to go to the Diaspora , it is as if he worshiped idols , as the verse states , " For they have driven me this day from abiding with the inheritance of G‑d , saying , go serve other G‑ds " ( Sam. I 26:19 ) .
Just as one may not emigrate from the Land to the Diaspora , so too one may not emigrate from Babylon in order to live in another country , as the verse states ( Jer. 27:22 ) , " They will be carried to Babylon , and there they will be " ( Laws of Kings , 5:9 - 12 ) .
The Rebbe 's Teachings
" You Should Settle in It " ( v. 53 )
Even though Rambam ( and Rashi ) disagree with the view of Ramban , and maintain that it is not a biblical command to live in the Land of Israel — as Megilas Esther writes — Rambam nevertheless devotes a significant part of his Laws of Kings to praise of living in the Land .
Rambam 's words prompt a number of questions :
Rambam does not cite any verse from the Torah to prove that there is an obligation to live in the Land or that there is a prohibition to leave .
Nevertheless , he does write that according to Torah a Jew should live in the Land of Israel and should not leave .
What , then , is the basis of this requirement ?
The sequence of laws here is difficult to understand .
First , in law 9 , Rambam writes , " One should not emigrate from the Land of Israel , etc . "
Then , in laws 10 and 11 , he describes the great qualities of the Land and how it was cherished by the Sages .
And only afterwards , in law 12 , does he write , " A person should always live in the Land of Israel , etc . "
But surely it would be more logical to place this last statement ( " A person should always live in the Land of Israel " ) at the beginning , and then go on to describe how one should not leave and how the Land is great ?
Why does Rambam write , " Just as one may not emigrate from the Land to the Diaspora , " instead of , " one may not emigrate from the Land of Israel to the Diaspora " ?
Surely , he is not merely trying to be brief , as he has written " the Land of Israel " in full so many other times ?
One of the reasons for the prohibition of leaving Babylon is " because there are many Yeshivos ( Talmudic academies ) found there which are constantly strengthening the institution of Torah " ( Rashi , end of Kesubos ) .
Presumably , this would mean that after the Yeshivos in Babylon closed down , the prohibition of leaving ceased .
However , Rambam does not mention this point at all .
His sole proof is from the verse , " They will be carried to Babylon , " which suggests that the prohibition of leaving Babylon continued after its Yeshivos closed .
What , then , is the basis of Rambam 's position ?
The Explanation
When we speak of the uniqueness of the Land of Israel , we always speak of its holiness .
We call it the Holy Land , and we understand that holiness is the key distinguishing quality which sets it apart from all other lands .
However , there is a further uniqueness of the Land of Israel : that it is a land that was chosen by G‑d : " The Land of Israel is cherished , as it was chosen by G‑d " ( Midrash Tanchuma , Re'eh 8 ) .
This is totally distinct from the concept of holiness .
We find this also true of the Jewish people , that the Jewish people also possess the two independent qualities of holiness and chosenness .
Rambam does not state explicitly which of these two qualities is the basis of the laws cited above .
But we will attempt to fathom which is the key halachic factor behind each of the above laws , and in this way we will be able to answer all of the above questions .
Let us turn first to the final law , " Just as one may not emigrate from the Land to the Diaspora , so too one may not emigrate from Babylon , etc . "
It would seem that this law arises due to the chosenness of the Land , for a number of reasons :
Babylon is not a holy land .
Therefore , Rambam 's comparison between the Land of Israel and Babylon cannot be based on the former 's holiness : " Just as one may not emigrate from the Land to the Diaspora , so , too , one may not emigrate from Babylon , etc . "
Therefore , we must be speaking here of the chosenness of the Land .
G‑d chose Babylon as the place where the Jewish people would reside during exile , and so Rambam argues that " just as " G‑d chose the Land of Israel as the ideal place for the Jewish people to live in good times , " so too "
He chose Babylon as their home during exile times .
To support this assertion , Rambam cites the verse , " They will be carried to Babylon , and there they will be , " which indicates that G‑d chose Babylon as an Exile - home for the Jewish people .
To stress the point further , Rambam refers not to the " Holy Land , " or even " the Land of Israel , " but simply , " the Land . "
In this way , he indicates that we are speaking here of a quality possessed by the Land independent of its holiness , namely , its chosenness .
Since the distinctiveness of Babylon was that it was chosen by G‑d , it follows that even after the Yeshivos of Babylon closed , the prohibition of leaving during exile remained ( unlike Rashi's view , mentioned above ) .
From all of this we can conclude that here , in law 12 , Rambam is speaking of the chosenness of the Land of Israel , and not its holiness .
Now , let us turn to the beginning of this section of Rambam .
In laws 10 - 11 , Rambam describes how the Sages cherished the Land and how it can atone for sin , which can only be a result of the Land 's holiness .
Therefore , it follows that when he opens the section with the words , " One should not emigrate from the Land of Israel , etc. " ( law 9 ) , he is speaking of a prohibition that arises from the holiness of the land ( not its chosenness ) .
We have now established that laws 9 - 11 speak of the holiness of the Land of Israel , and that the concluding part of law 12 ( the prohibition of leaving Babylon ) is speaking of chosenness .
However , the opening passage of law 12 gives evidence in both directions .
Rambam begins , " A person should always live in the Land of Israel ...
If a person leaves [ the Land of Israel ] to go to the Diaspora , it is as if he worshiped idols . "
This suggests that by leaving the Land , one is turning away from the Divine Presence ( Shechinah ) which rests there , i.e. , one is rejecting the holiness of the Land .
However , the fact that Rambam quotes the verse , " for they have driven me this day from abiding with the inheritance of G‑d , " suggests that we are speaking here of chosenness .
Thus , it appears that Rambam perceives both elements here , and rules that a Jew should live in the Land of Israel for both reasons : because it is holy and because it is chosen .
To stress this point further , he places this law ( " A person should always live in the Land of Israel " ) not at the beginning of the entire discussion , where it would seem to belong , but in between the discussion of the holiness of the Land ( laws 9 - 11 ) and the chosenness of Babylon ( end of law 12 ) to show that the Land of Israel possesses both aspects .
Nevertheless , in the final analysis , the fact that Rambam includes the recommendation to live in Eretz Yisra'el in law 12 ( which speaks of chosenness ) would suggest that , ultimately , he perceives that the main reason that a Jew should live in Eretz Yisra'el is because it is chosen .
( Based on Likutei Sichos vol. 18 , p. 399ff . )
In part 2 of Chess strategy and chess tactics in a nutshell , among the tactics and combinations that can be used against the opponent during the middle game , we suggested identifying the weaknesses in the opponent ’s position to selectively target them .
Amongst the possible targets , the most important defensive piece was named as one such target .
In Chess sacrifices as Chess Tactics , we took up this point and indicated that a chess sacrifice to remove an important defensive piece or to draw it away to open lines of attack is an established chess tactics .
We will examine an example from master games to see the application of such attacking chess tactics .
Here , we will look at the game between Salo Landau ( 1903 - 1943 ) and Salomon Flohr ( 1908 - 1983 ) , played at Bournemouth in 1939 .
Salo Landau was born in Poland but was sent to Netherlands when the Landau family fled the Russians in 1914 .
Among the chess players in Netherlands , he was ranked no.2 after Max Euwe and became the Dutch champion in 1936 in absence of Euwe who had become the World Champion by that time .
Landau was capable of beautiful combinations and won the First Brilliancy Prize for his game against Eero Book ( 1910 - 1990 ) , the Finnish champion , in the tournament at Kemeri in 1937 .
Tragically , like Treybal whose game you have seen in Chess Sacrifice as a Chess Tactics : forcing the King to a path of doom , Landau and his wife and daughter became victims of Nazi atrocities , losing their lives in concentration camps .
In the early 1930s , Salomon Flohr was one of the strongest players in the world and as the Czech champion had a celebrity status in his country .
During Second World War , he fled to USSR to escape the Germans and became a Russian citizen .
He was awarded International Grandmaster title in 1950 .
He made important contributions to the theory of many chess openings .
The position in the following diagram has been taken from the referred game after completion of 28 moves .
You can see that the position is open for both the players .
Black has just moved his Q to d6 to take control of d-file with his Q and R lined up on the White KB and the Queen also provides support to his important defensive piece viz .
the Knight on f6 .
But White Q and KB have got the open b1 - h2 diagonal to the Black King ’s castle and his doubled rooks on the g - file are very menacing for the Black King ’s position .
In fact , to face this threat , Black brought his Rook to g8 in his previous move .
White ’s QB is also lined up on the long semi-open a 1 - h8 diagonal with Black ’s Knight in its firing line .
This is how the game developed from this position .
29 . Bh7 Nb4
White was trying to draw the Knight away with the offer of a piece sacrifice to open the a1 - h8 diagonal for his QB .
29 . … Nxh7 30 . Rxh7 ( threatening Qxh7 # on next move )
30 . … Nf6 31 .
Rh7 #
or
30 . … Rxg7 31 .
Bxg7 + Kg8 32 . Be5 + loses the Queen 30 .
Qf5 g6 31 .
Bxg8 gxf5
Other possibilities were :
31 . Bxg6 Rxg6 32 . Rxg6 fxg6 33 .
Bxf6 + Kg8 34 .
Qxg6 + Kf8 35 . Qg8 #
or
31 . Bxg6 fxg6 32 .
Rxg6 Rxg6 33 .
Qxg6 Qf8 34 .
Bxf6 + Qxf6 35 .
Qxf6 + Kh7 36 . Qg7 #
32 . Rg7 Ng4 With the Knight pinned , White was threatening 33 .
Rh7 #
33 . R7xg4 + f6 A quicker end was 33 .
Rh7 + Kxg8 34 .
Rh8 # 34 . Rg7 Rd7 35 .
Rxd7 Resigns
White threatened 36 .
Rh7 #
If 36 . … Qxd7 then 37 .
Bxf6 + Qg7 38 .
Rxg7 followed by 39 .
Rh7 #
In keeping with the theme of present article , White first tried to use the chess tactics of offering a piece sacrifice to draw the defending Knight away .
But when Black refused to tread that way , White used the Queen to force the g- pawn to move as Black had to cut the communication between Q and KB .
In the process , Black ’s defending Knight got pinned and could not play any effective role in guarding the castle .
White did not hesitate to sacrifice his Queen for reopening the g- file for his Rook pair , as these together with the Bishop pair had enough play to corner the opponent ’s King .
White Knight made a futile move to block the Rooks but by that time Black had practically no defense left !
What a smooth - flowing attack by Landau !
Below the fold I give a summary of US , OECD and China petroleum inventories , inclusive of oil stored on tankers , and indicate what I expect will happen to near term oil prices .
The chart above shows one component of inventories -- US inventories .
The chart indicates that US oil inventories ( green ) have been increasing since after the September 2008 hurricanes , and , in fact , started increasing as early as May 2008 .
Brent oil prices ( red ) decreased between June and December , but recently have been slightly increasing .
My analysis indicates that in recent months , as much as 2 - 3 Mb/d of global petroleum supply has been used to build inventories .
This is about to come to an end , because available storage is getting closer and closer to full and contango has begun to flatten .
When additions to storage cease , the resulting drop in demand can be expected to lead to substantial downward pressure on oil prices .
The recent large inventory build of petroleum , under a steep contango which now is flattening , within the big oil consumers ( like the OECD countries and China ) have left some with the expectation that major economies soon will begin to grow again , and that the contango now signals increased oil demand and higher oil prices in the future .
The present contango in oil prices bears all the hallmarks of an oil market where supplies are well above present fundamental physical consumption .
Contango - is not a place in Chile
First a brief look on definition (s ) of contango ;
Contango is when the price of the oil ( or other commodities ) some day in the future , in short often referred to as “ futures ” , is higher than the price of oil today .
This offers market participants an incentive to buy oil today and store it for future use or sale .
Some participants buy oil contracts today , then turn around and sell them into the futures market .
Using this approach makes it possible to pocket an almost no -risk profit .
This also helps explain the 100 +
Mb of oil and petroleum products presently stored on tankers waiting for deliveries .
Read more about this here
, is higher than the price of oil today .
This offers market participants an incentive to buy oil today and store it for future use or sale .
Contango thus adds demand beyond the existing fundamental physical consumption , and most of this added demand ends up in storage .
There are of course also market participants who do not want to take physical delivery of oil future contracts as these expire .
This occurs because oil is sticky , toxic , and requires specialized storage facilities .
Oil is not bought and stored the way gold is , for instance .
These futures " expire " on the third Friday of every month .
If a buyer holds a contract through expiration , the buyer has to take physical delivery of 1,000 barrels ( which is the size of one contract ) of oil at a depot .
This could be in Cushing , Oklahoma .
Some buyers ( investors ) do not want to do that , so these buyers sell their current contract (s ) before it expires and buy the next - month contract .
This is referred to " rolling " the futures position forward .
This is also where " contango " comes in .
If the price of the next - month contract ( like say , July ) is more expensive than the price of the near - month contract ( i.e. , June ) , the buyer effectively loses money on the " roll . "
When that happens , the market is said to be in " contango . " .
The opposite is commonly referred to as " backwardation . "
Figure 01 : The diagram illustrates the present contango and shows the closing prices for Brent blend as of May 6th and 8th 2009 .
The diagram illustrates that the contango flattens the longer into the future it goes .
This suggests that participants can maximize profits by holding oil as a short time period as possible ( thus also reducing risk ) .
An update of the storage situation
An increased inventory build by companies and refineries may reflect a fundamental change by these participants from just in time ( JIT ) inventories to building inventories in anticipation of a tighter supply situation in the future .
( IEA has on several occasions pointed to the possibility of a supply crunch in 2011 - 2013 due to lack of investment in new oil production ) .
Increased inventory could also be rooted in anticipation of good OPEC discipline in observing their present quotas and hints about further cuts in the quotas .
Furthermore , statements by OPEC that US $ 70 / Bbl constitutes a “ fair ” price may give the impression that OPEC ’s is committed to strengthening oil prices by adjusting supplies .
The demand side may be fueled by expectations and public assertions that the present recession will end soon , and that the big economies again will enter growth by the end of this year .
Figure 02 : This diagram illustrates the development in U.S. total crude oil and petroleum storage as of May 1st 2009 inclusive of SPR ( Strategic Petroleum Reserve ) .
This diagram illustrates that inventories have not been at their current level since 1990 .
The diagram also illustrates that there normally is an inventory draw down during the heating season ( winter ) but that this did not happen the past heating season .
Instead , there was a total net build of 95 Mb as of May 1st 2009 .
US petroleum demand first was affected by the growth in oil prices early in 2007 .
The price spike in July 2008 accelerated the downward demand trend .
Demand has been driven further down with the slowing economy .
The diagram illustrates that normally during the heating season , U.S. crude oil inventories remain flat or are drawn down .
The exception seems to be the last heating season , where a strong inventory build took place .
At some point there eventually will be little free physical storage left .
At this point , it will become increasingly difficult to purchase oil for storage .
Because of the lack of available storage , this link in the demand equation will decline .
Eventually , the oil in storage will appear as available supply sometime in the future .
Owners of oil in storage ( mostly refineries ) could draw down storage to temporarily temper future price increases .
The diagram shows through the 4 WMA ( 4 Week Moving Average ) that in the months of April 2009 , the build up U. S. inventories occurred at a rate of close to 1,5 Mb/d.
Using a 26 WMA brings this rate to above 0,5 Mb/d .
From the start of 2008 until the hurricanes affected GOM ( Gulf of Mexico ) production in September , there was a net build in total petroleum inventories of 25 Mb ( Million barrels ) suggesting that total U.S. inventories were maintained as long the oil price remained high .
According to IEA Oil Market Report as of April 2009 , OECD excluding the U.S. saw total inventory build of around 53 Mb from October 2008 through February 2009 , and China saw a build of approximately 17 Mb totaling 70 Mb .
This translates into an average build of close to 0,5 Mb/d , and there is reason to believe that the inventory build for ( OECD - USA + China ) has continued at this rate .
Combining these indications , we find that for the countries constituting 2/3 of the global consumption as of 2008 , have in recent months been building at a rate above 1 Mb/d .
If the most recent data from U.S. , the sum of the inventory build indications suggests this rate was around 2 Mb/d during April .
If the storage build from OECD and China could serve as a proxy for the rest of the world , this would suggest that they were building total inventory at a rate of around 0,5 Mb/d .
There is reason to believe that the rest of the world has seen a lower rate of storage build , but to quantify this becomes hard .
However as an approximation , it will here be assumed that this rate has been half of China ’s recent 0,1 Mb/d , around 1,5 % of consumption .
This suggests that the rest of the world , with estimated consumption of 30 Mb/d in 2008 , has been building at a total rate around 0,25 Mb/d .
At some point , available storage will be filled .
What will happen then ?
Will demand suddenly increase to make up for the amount that would have been added to storage ?
It is difficult to envision this happening .
Instead , that it seems likely that there will be a sudden drop in demand .
Tanker storage
There is a limit to how many tankers that can be used for storage ( or reduction of the seaborne transport capacities ) before it starts to affect tanker rates .
This is because oil tankers are in some ways comparable with pipelines .
The present economic downturn has depressed tanker rates and made their use for storage , if not economic , more attractive than the alternative - - dropped anchors , empty and no income .
If additional storage continues , the world ’s operating tankers will at some point will reach their fundamental capacities .
Then tanker rates will again grow , making it more attractive to use the tankers for transport than for floating storage .
According to this article , shipping analysts estimate that around 100 Mb of crude oil and 25 Mb of refined products were stored at sea as of end late April .
This storage will someday change from demand to additional supply .
Assuming that this built up in storage at sea , 125 Mb , has taken place during the last 6 - 7 months suggests that this added 0,6 - 0,7 Mb/d to global oil demand .
Oil now stored on tankers will at some point enter the market .
This could add an average supply of 0,3 - 0,4 Mb/d over a year ( and more over a shorter time span , if panic breaks loose ) .
Moreover , as most of the readers know , pricing happens at the marginal barrel and small changes in the demand - supply equation may result in big price changes .
More about tanker storage may be found ; here and here .
Summary
As I have shown in this post , data from the recent months suggests that as much as 2 - 3 Mb/d of present global petroleum supplies have been entering storage , and this is about to end due to lack of storage .
This ( 2 - 3 Mb/d ) admittedly sounds like a lot , even adjusted for the decline in consumption and shut in capacities within OPEC .
However , given the price growth of approximately US $ 15 / Bbl , or 25 % , between the middle of March this year and now , it could have given some exporters an incentive to open their taps a little beyond their quotas .
At this point , I see little evidence that would justify a reinforced contango in the near future .
Physical evidence like storage levels and reported and estimated total storage onboard tankers suggests a presently well - supplied oil market .
The situation in the oil market now bears some similarities to the situation in 1998 when oil prices temporarily went below US $ 10 / Bbl -- not that I believe prices will drop that far this time .
The drop could be very large , however .
Today ’s generation may have a hard time imagining how it was to live a few decades ago , when all the conveniences that we enjoy today in terms of technology were not invented yet .
Today , even if you ’re not adept at using the latest technological gadgets and applications , it ’s almost a must for you to learn at least the basics about technology if you want to keep up with what the rest of the world is doing .
This is especially true when it comes to mobile phone applications .
What used to be a ‘ humble ’ cellular phone which was only capable of making and receiving calls has evolved into an all - in - one communication device .
Text messaging , browsing the Internet , sending e-mail messages , taking snapshots , making video calls , watching television shows , playing games , listening to music , FM radio and Internet radio – the list of the things that you can do using one nifty device is practically endless .
An Introduction to iPhone Apps
Now , if you are looking for one of the best models of mobile phones ever released , that is none other than the iPhone .
Released by Apple Inc. on June 29 , 2007 , this is a multimedia smartphone which is connected to the Internet .
What sets the iPhone apart from all the handsets available in the market today is the fact that it has a flush multi - touch screen with no physical keyboard , there ’s minimal hardware interface and it has almost all the features that you need – not just from a mobile phone – but from an all - in - one communications and multimedia device .
In relation to this , the iPhone 3G version was released on July 11 , 2008 .
Both the original and the 3G versions of the iPhone support third party applications .
There is a wide range of applications which can be installed in the iPhone – but who would have thought that even a good old workout session can be spiced up by iPhone apps .
Read on to find out exactly how physical fitness & technology meet as we reveal the top 10 iPhone apps for your health and fitness .
Enjoy mobile tv on your cell phone or wireless device .
i Phone Apps for Health , Fitness , Nutrition , Weight Management & Safety
First , here ’s a quick look at the types of health and fitness - related applications which can be found installed in iPhones :
i Phone apps for running : Basically , this type of iPhone application will provide you with tracking information .
Pedometers , preparing for specific runs and even marathon locations can be done with iPhone apps for running .
Basically , this type of iPhone application will provide you with tracking information .
Pedometers , preparing for specific runs and even marathon locations can be done with iPhone apps for running .
i Phone apps for fitness :
You will definitely be able to reach your fitness goals much faster if you have fitness iPhone apps installed on your mobile phone .
This type of application allows you to keep records of your best time when training , gives you tips on how you can cross- train , track the food for your diet and perform similar functionalities that will help you stay lean and fit .
You will definitely be able to reach your fitness goals much faster if you have fitness iPhone apps installed on your mobile phone .
This type of application allows you to keep records of your best time when training , gives you tips on how you can cross- train , track the food for your diet and perform similar functionalities that will help you stay lean and fit .
i Phone apps for nutrition and weight management :
The sole focus of these iPhone apps is to help you have a proper diet while you are having an exercise regime at the same time .
Applications like a food calorie counter , tracking your meals and weight watcher fall under this category .
The sole focus of these iPhone apps is to help you have a proper diet while you are having an exercise regime at the same time .
Applications like a food calorie counter , tracking your meals and weight watcher fall under this category .
i Phone apps for health and safety : Finally , maintaining your safety during a workout , while you are sweating it out on a track and providing general information for your health and safety are additional iPhone apps that you can install on your phone .
A Quick Look at the Top 10 iPhone Apps for Your Health & Fitness
Here are the top 10 iPhone apps that will allow you to meld mobile phone technology with your fitness regime :
1.iFitness
This iPhone app is available to download for only $ 1.99 .
Rather than relying on a book or a video to view instructions on how you are supposed to do a particular exercise , why not use your iPhone instead ?
The iFitness iPhone app gives you photos and instructions for more than 130 exercises .
The good thing about this application is that there are specific exercises that you can follow to address your problem areas – so it will be like having your own personal fitness trainer in the gym .
2. Healthy Cubby Lite Social Fitness
The best way for you to realize your weight loss of fitness goals is by setting realistic goals in the first place .
This is exactly what this iPhone app will assist you with .
It includes weekly and long - term goals for your weight training , strength training and cardio exercises .
It also allows you to connect with seven friends who can be your workout buddy – so that you can motivate and monitor each others ’ progress while making exercising more fun at the same time .
3. Personal Best
This is for the individuals who are serious about their fitness training program .
This iPhone app allows you to record your personal best record on different sets of exercises which includes weight training , running and other types of exercises .
4. iMapMyRide
There ’s a specific iPhone app for almost everyone .
For all the bikers out there , you will definitely have a blast using the iMapMyRide application .
It allows you to record and track information about the tracks that you took , you can gain access to the maps of your bike rides and get a lot of other useful information .
The best thing about it is that there is an online version – which you can also access using your iPhone .
5. Nutrition Complete
What sets this iPhone app apart from similar nutrition applications is that it is based from the largest USDA database .
The program allows you to customize a diet and nutritional plan according to your age and gender while providing nutritional information about the foods that you are eating at the same time .
6. Restaurant Nutrition
Want to stay healthy even while dining on gourmet food ?
This is exactly what the Restaurant Nutrition application will assist you with .
The iPhone app provides nutritional information about the food items from the most popular restaurants in your area .
It even provides you with updated menu information from your favorite dining place – so the minute that your favorite lamb dish is replaced by a new savory delight , you can head out to your favorite restaurant to eat !
7. GoodFoodNearYou
Another healthy eating iPhone application is the GoodFoodNearYou .
It helps you stick with healthier eating habits – which start from the food items that you pile up on your grocery cart .
Information about which healthy foods you can buy from diners , fast food restaurants , grocery stores and convenience stores will be provided for you using this iPhone app .
8. Calorie Pad
This weight management application allows you to track the number of calories that you have consumed from the foods that you have eaten .
The Calorie Pad application has access to more than 6,000 products from grocery stores , natural food suppliers and restaurants .
9. Weight Loss Buddy
Another weight loss iPhone app that you can use to reach your fitness goals is the Weight Loss Buddy .
This application can serve as your personal fitness coach which provides you with the motivation and inspiration to lose weight .
10 . Edibles – Diet Journal
It is always a good idea to keep a food journal if you are serious about meeting your weight loss goals .
With this iPhone app , you can record your daily food intake ; track the caloric content and carbs of the foods that you will eat ; track your weight and record your progress .
To sum it all up , it ’s like your personal journal for dieting .
Remember that some of these iPhone apps are free while some are available for a small fee .
No matter which health , safety , fitness or weight management issue it is that you wish to address , it will be more fun to reach your health and fitness goals when using any of these iPhone applications .
At various points on his Fox News program , the anchor Shepard Smith irritated Rush Limbaugh , teased Glenn Beck and grilled Samuel J. Wurzelbacher ( a k a Joe the Plumber ) over his attacks on President Obama .
But it was not until he forcefully confronted the topic of hateful e-mail  some from Fox ’s own viewers  that he drew fire over his approach .
On June 10 , Mr. Smith was in the middle of three hours of coverage of the killing at the Holocaust Museum in Washington , in which officials identified an elderly anti-Semite as the killer .
He then mentioned a prior warning by the Department of Homeland Security about right - wing extremist groups and connected that to the angry e-mail messages he had been receiving .
“ When a crazy man has walked into a Holocaust museum and shot the security guard , maybe that ’s an appropriate time to warn people : you ’ve got a crazy person in your life , keep an eye on him , ” he said in an interview in his Manhattan office last week .
Mr. Smith said he fully anticipated one result of those comments : the nasty e-mail increased .
“ Thousands of them , ” Mr. Smith said .
“ And I know they do n’t mean the things they say .
I know they do n’t hate me and want death on my family . ”
Wednesday … It 's about that time of the week when plain old coffee just does n't do it anymore .
Now , you need something that has your familiar jolt of caffeine , but a little unexpected zing is in order too .
And that 's when we cue the bacon .
Say hello to the Maple Bacon Latte — a double espresso latte spiked with organic maple syrup and homemade bacon , sprinkled with Bac - Os — available now at Pirate Radio Café .
Think of this concoction as the Canadian Mountie of coffee drinks .
It 's a beautiful marriage of two culinary powerhouses :
De La Paz espresso beans and organic Prather Ranch bacon — providing an extra kick that 'll help you sail into the weekend .
While some might say that bacon has had its moment , it 's hard to deny this beloved smoked meat 's continued encroachment on the food world .
Upon first sip , you 'll notice you 're drinking a creamier , smokier latte thanks to the homemade organic bacon and bacon - fat mixture that 's whisked into the milk and maple syrup , then poured over the double shots of espresso .
If you really want to go all the way , you can opt for the vegan maple bacon doughnut that 's custom - made daily by Peoples Donuts to complement the latte .
But that 's sort of like ordering a Diet Coke at McDonald's .
Margaret Thatcher was not a Whistler etching .
She did not do shades of grey .
Nor do most of those who write about about her .
She is either the best of Prime Ministers or the worst of Prime Ministers : the woman who saved the country or the woman who destroyed it .
No one could claim that she was an insignificant figure .
No one doubts that historians yet unborn will be discussing her legacy ; that she will continue to ride the storms of controversy , as she did in her prime .
Thirty years ago , that all seemed so unlikely .
In those days , even in the Tory party , very few people realised that she was the raw material of political greatness .
Shortly after she won the leadership , Rab Butler spoke to Chris Patten .
" This , ah , Thatcher woman .
We do n't have to take her seriously , do we ? "
It now seems laughable , but back then , he had a point .
Ted Heath put her in his Cabinet , as the statutory woman .
In three and a half years , she did not outgrow that status .
She abolished a lot of grammar schools and free school milk ; there were no other achievements .
As an Education Secretary , she ranks somewhere between undistinguished and mediocre .
Ted lost two elections : time to go .
But who was to take his place ?
Willie Whitelaw would not run against him .
Everyone agreed that Keith Joseph would not do , including Keith Joseph .
There was hesitancy .
She brought it to an end .
Her courage won its reward .
Four years later , however , she had still not transformed that courage into unquestioned authority .
A much less successful Leader of the Opposition than Tony Blair or David Cameron , she was often patronised in the Commons by Jim Callaghan .
Her Shadow Cabinet included several men – Carrington , Gilmour , Joseph , Prior , Pym , Whitelaw – who appeared to be at least her equal in substance .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
It is one of the more fascinating " what ifs " in counter - factual history : what if Mr Callaghan had called an election in October 1978 ?
Even if Mrs Thatcher had won , she would have had a tiny majority .
Could her fledgling government have survived the Winter of Discontent , which would have happened regardless , as Labour 's wages policy imploded ?
But Jim dithered .
The Winter of Discontent not only destroyed his chances .
It highlighted the failure of an entire , often bi-partisan , approach to economic management .
Amid all the wreckage , she alone seemed undaunted .
No one else knew what to do .
She insisted that she did .
It still seemed perilous , if not indeed lunatic .
Here was this unsophisticated , inexperienced woman , prating her irritating certainties and proposing to overthrow the entire post - war settlement .
Could this possibly work ?
Had she any idea what she was doing ?
If she failed , which seemed almost inevitable , would she not have destroyed the final defences against socialism ?
That was the way in which many Tories talked during those early months .
I know ; I was one of them .
Thirty years on , there is only one conclusion to be drawn .
Thank God the Wets were wrong .
Mrs Thatcher had two qualities which enabled her to withstand everything events threw at her .
She was simple - minded and she was lucky .
The simplicity was a strength , and there is a delicious paradox .
Over the centuries , most Tory leaders have been intellectuals .
She is an exception .
The least intellectual Leader since Bonar Law , she lacked subtlety , irony , any sense of the complexity of moral judgements or the playfulness of language .
Yet she was the first Tory leader to use the word " intellectual " as a term of unqualified approval .
This was of great importance .
It is also a tribute to some insufficiently - sung heroes , including Keith Joseph , Ralph Harris , and John Nott , who all helped to persuade her that she was an intellectual .
Up until then , she had thought that her political ideas were a distillation of grocer 's shop economics from her father , golf - club economics from Denis – and her own housewife economics .
She was then told that her common - sense instincts were actually the cutting edge of the new economic movement : that she was right there with Hayek , von Mises and Friedman .
This helped to give her the self - confidence she needed to save her country .
But she did not know how to behave like an intellectual .
She liked her ideas on parade , not lounging around in armchairs .
At meetings of the Tory Philosophy Group , she took notes and rebuked Enoch Powell for being negative .
She wanted intellectuals to provide her with ammunition and certainties .
This formidably intelligent un- intellectual had a further advantage .
She knew little history .
She was surrounded by men who did , but the Ian Gilmours and Chris Pattens were especially proficient in the history of failure and decline .
The failure of the Macmillan government , the Home government , the Heath government : the long , melancholy , withdrawing roar of British post - war , post - imperial history .
After such knowledge , what forgiveness ?
Rather than listen to that sort of tosh , Margaret Thatcher would have preferred to clean the house .
To her , history was a straightforward contest between good and evil .
There were men like Churchill who had the guts to do their duty .
There were the others , including most of the post - war Tory leadership , who did not .
She was determined that however many hand - baggings she inflicted along the way , she would do hers .
This did not make it easy to work for her .
Most of those who served her would agree on two points : that it was the most exhilarating experience of their working lives , which they would not have missed for the world – and that there were moments when she became so infuriating that they could have cheerfully strangled her .
Ronnie Millar , the playwright who wrote speeches for her , put it beautifully .
" I love - hate that woman , " he would say : " I ca n't tell you how much I love - hate her . "
Yet she was always endlessly considerate to those who could not answer back .
For nearly 16 years as Opposition Leader and PM , she drove herself relentlessly .
Speechwriters , Permanent Secretaries , Cabinet Ministers , foreign heads of government : they all felt the backlash of the stress .
Secretaries , drivers , messengers , telephonists : never .
She knew how to use her time .
She also knew how to use her good fortune .
Although she would never have admitted it , Margaret Thatcher was an immensely lucky politician .
As she was also energetic and determined , allowing her a glimmer of luck was like dropping Bradman before he was off the mark .
There would not be another chance for a double century .
Jim Callaghan 's election timing was followed by Michael Foot defeating Denis Healey for the Labour Leadership .
Dear old Footy : a delightful litterateur , a useless politician .
He was worth a 10 - point start to the Tories , or the SDP .
That said , there were circumstances in which Michael Foot might have come close to Downing Street , and in which Mrs Thatcher would have been obliged to resign .
If General Galtieri had accepted the Peruvian peace proposals , there could have been no triumphant recapture of the Falklands .
The Task Force would have had to crawl home ; Margaret Thatcher would have had to crawl out of No 10 .
Before the Falklands , the Tories had started to recover in the polls and even if there had been no war , that would have continued , thanks to Footy .
But diplomatic intervention turned the Falklands into a damned close - run thing and with it , the future of Thatcherism .
Although her Tory successor might have been able to hold off Mr Foot , he would have abandoned her agenda .
As it was , Churchillian deeds in the South Atlantic gave her the strength to fight a crucial domestic campaign .
There too , she owed a lot to her opponent 's incompetence .
If Arthur Scargill had not been besotted by revolutionary fantasies , he would have agreed to the Nacods ' peace terms .
If so , it is not clear whether the government could have won that strike .
It was a victory with enduring consequences .
As Mr Scargill 's beaten army straggled back to work , the idea that the unions should be entitled to a virtual joint authority with government ceased to be a threat and passed into history .
After six storm - tossed years , Mrs Thatcher had won a distinction which none of her predecessors had attained .
Her doctrines had earned a permanent place in the language .
Thatcherism had ceased to be an embattled creed associated with a transient politician .
It had become a part of the British political firmament .
Domestic
Thatcherism is easy to define , for there are only six core principles : four negative , one positive and one historic .
Thatcherism meant the end of nationalised industries , supra-legal trade union power , chronic inflation , and confiscatory rates of income tax .
It also meant that all economic activity should take place within a free market .
Finally , it meant the end of British socialism as a governing ethos .
There might still be Labour governments , but they would not attempt to re-order society or recast human nature .
Those were her aims and values .
The extent to which she achieved them entitles her to be regarded as easily our greatest peace - time Premier .
But Thatcherism was never a purely domestic phenomenon .
Throughout much of the world , she is remembered – in Eastern Europe , revered – as the statesman who helped Ronald Reagan to win the Cold War .
Partly because new dangers now dominate the geopolitical landscape , that victory may appear diminished , as if it had been easy and inevitable .
That was not how it seemed in 1979 .
Attempts to extend Thatcherism were much less successful .
Take Europe .
There , it is clear what Thatcherism ought to mean : a common market , reinforced by political co-operation , but with any loss of sovereignty confined to the minimum necessary to ensure free trade .
There should be no wasteful bureaucracy , and above all no question of a super - state .
By the end of her 11 years in office , there had been significant transfers of sovereignty .
The single market was still full of imperfections , the bureaucracy more wasteful than ever , and the super - state was still on the agenda .
Mrs Thatcher 's European policy was unclear and ineffective .
It was certainly not Thatcherite .
The same applies in other key areas .
On education her government replicated her weakness as Education Secretary .
There is no reason to believe that the average state - school child received a better education in 1990 than in 1979 .
This was symptomatic of a broader problem , one which also defeated Tony Blair and which David Cameron will inherit .
Mrs
Thatcher never learned how to use the power of the state to obtain both value for money and desirable social objectives .
Here , she had the defects of her qualities , for it would have helped if she had been rather more intellectual .
Thatcherism had no theory of the state .
When an election was imminent , she would fill the gap by claiming that the NHS was safe with her .
Otherwise , and in private , she came perilously close to the position which Carlyle caricatured as anarchy plus the constable .
Defence and the police were vital .
All the rest of the state was a mere unprivatisable residuum , which had to be preserved for electoral reasons but which would never be much good .
In this , she also displayed the narrowness of her imaginative sympathies .
In Margaret Thatcher 's world , you worked hard .
In so doing , you reaped the harvest of upward social mobility : home ownership , share ownership , a healthy pension , private healthcare and private education .
If she had been honest , Mrs Thatcher would have said that apart from a few bizarre , incomprehensible Lefties , it was a mark of economic failure to use state schools and not have health insurance .
Although she has a partial excuse for not doing more on education , in that there were bigger dragons to slay , there is no evidence that she would ever have got the education system in a firm Thatcherite grip .
Her lack of imaginative sympathy had another important manifestation .
Because of it , the Billy Elliott version of Thatcherism , though grotesquely exaggerated , does not lose all contact with truth .
She did not set out to destroy vibrant working - class communities and replace them with the listlessness of hereditary unemployment .
But again , if she had revealed her innermost thoughts , they would have included the belief that most of the unemployed have only themselves to blame : that those who really want work will always find it .
It must also be remembered that most of the industries which Mrs Thatcher is accused of destroying were already in the gun-sights of globalisation .
They could not have continued to provide those who worked in them with a first - world standard of living .
This country had impoverished itself by subsidising sunset industries .
Eventually , that would have had to stop .
Mrs Thatcher only accelerated the process .
Acceleration brings us to Big Bang , and the Left 's attempt to blame her for the recent banking crisis .
That is nonsense .
The Big Bang legislation strengthened the regulatory system for London - based banks .
Mrs Thatcher cannot be blamed for Gordon Brown 's decision to weaken it .
Nor was she responsible for excesses which she would never have condoned .
Her electoral successes probably did encourage the masters of the universe to disregard the Gods of the Copy - Book Headings , but she would never have forgotten her Kipling .
Apart from business 's working capital and mortgages – at well short of 100 per cent – she did not approve of borrowing .
One morning , her daughter Carol appeared in a smart new coat .
She was about to go skiing .
Her mother congratulated her on being such a good manager .
" Well , Mum , our flexible friend has his uses . "
The ensuing maternal explosion was well up the Richter scale .
A bank once sent Mrs T a credit card .
Her response : " I cut it up " , said with such revulsion that she might have been talking about toxic waste .
In her view , she was .
Then there is that much abused remark , " There is no such thing as society " .
Of course , she did not mean it .
She was simply rebutting the defence - lawyer 's line that crime was all society 's fault , which had been recycled by so many criminals in an attempt to evade the blame for their misdeeds .
It is true that social breakdown accelerated in the 1980s .
But that was hardly her fault .
It was caused by the disintegration of the family , which has exacerbated every social problem .
It is also true that she did not have a solution .
Who does ?
Although she was passionate about freedom , that did not make her a libertarian .
She thought people ought to be free , to do what they ought to do .
Braced for some short - pitched bowling , a friend of mine once suggested that cannabis should be legalised .
She was not even willing to follow the intellectual argument .
" That would be like legalising theft , " she hissed at him .
He gave up .
As so many did , in the face of that awesome personality .
Those days are over .
She is now a lioness in winter .
But there are still flashes of the old magnetism , which those who knew her will never forget .
It was a remarkable career .
Joan of Arc , Elizabeth I : Margaret
Thatcher is in that league .
Cometh the hour , cometh the woman .
At a moment when many wise men were convinced that Britain was in irreversible decline , she raised her sword aloft and proved them wrong .
Now and in the long future , she has earned the eternal gratitude of everyone who loves this country .
You know what really gets on our nerves ?
When we 're listening to Van der Graaf Generator ( look it up ! ) on our newfangled iPod Shuffle and it pronounces the band 's name wrong .
Seriously , this is an important function .
Without it working flawlessly , how are we going to know the names of the tracks we purchased on the iTunes store and placed on the device ourselves ?
Thankfully , someone at Apple has heard our prayers , and as of today the VoiceOver Kit 1.0.1 is available via Mac OS X software update ( we 're assuming that it 'll pop up on the company 's website at some point ) .
The 17MB download corrects pronunciations for several artist names , as well as correcting a few " minor bugs . "
What bugs ?
Apple has n't said .
They also have n't said which names will now be pronounced correctly in that cold , robotic voice , but we 're keeping our fingers crossed that Klaatu is among them .
Remember Klaatu ?
They were pretty sweet .
Mr. Ahmadinejad spoke Sunday at Valiasr Square in central Tehran , surrounded by thousands of chanting , flag - waving voters in what was clearly intended to be a show of popular support for his victory .
But the smell of tear gas and smoke drifted over the cheering crowds .
Only a few blocks away , groups of protesters chanted their own slogans against the government , and some of them , bloodied and screaming , could be seen running from police officers armed with clubs .
As night fell , protests resumed in nearby Vanak Square , where the rallies began Saturday , and chants of “ Bye - bye , dictator ! ” and “ God is great ! ” could be heard from rooftops in several areas of the capital .
“ No one led these people in the streets , ” said Bashu , a 28 - year - old opposition supporter who , like many others , was afraid to give his full name .
“ This is the least we can do ; we can not stay at home and watch them celebrate a fake election . ”
He opened his shirt to show long , red welts on his chest where , he said , a Basij militia member had whipped him with a chain .
Next to him , a female friend dressed in a black Islamic chador stood with a bloody gash on her forehead that she said had been inflicted by the police .
“ We just hope the people of the world hear our voice , ” Bashu said .
“ We have n’t heard from Moussavi ; we hear he is under arrest . ”
Opposition supporters said they were organizing a major rally to take place Monday in Tehran , though it was not clear whether the authorities would permit it .
The pro-Ahmadinejad rally on Sunday afternoon took place in an atmosphere of extraordinary tension , with riot police officers forming barricades around Valiasr Square and beating people visibly identified with the opposition before they could enter .
But inside the barriers , a number of opposition supporters approached a reporter , saying , “ They stole the election ” or “ It is all lies ” before scurrying back into the crowd .
BETHLEHEM , West Bank ( Reuters ) - Pope Benedict told Palestinians in Bethlehem on Wednesday that he hoped the wall Israel has built in and round the West Bank would be taken down .
“ I have seen , ... overshadowing much of Bethlehem , the wall that intrudes into your territories , separating neighbors and dividing families , ” the pope said before leaving the town where Jesus was born .
“ Although walls can be easily built , we all know that they do not last forever .
The can be taken down . ”
Stressing the need first to remove “ the walls that we build around our hearts ” and bring conflict to an end , he said : “ My earnest wish for you , the people of Palestine , is that this will happen soon , and that you will at last be able to enjoy the peace , freedom and stability that have eluded you for so long . ”
LOS ANGELES ( Reuters ) -
If you ’ve ever worked in an office or own a computer , chances are you ’ve heard of Tetris .
Born in 1984 and a near - immediate worldwide sensation , the classic puzzle game is set for a modern renaissance of sorts .
In an industry where titles cost millions of dollars to develop and flame out quickly , or lose their grip on popular culture , Tetris -- a game that challenges players to rotate and conjoin cascading square and rectangular block shapes -- continues to thrive .
Created by Alexey Pajitnov at the Moscow Academy of Science during the height of the Cold War , and developed as a business by gaming entrepreneur Henk Rogers , the puzzle game has sold more than 125 million copies since its first playable version was completed June 6 , 1984 .
Now , the game ’s backers are looking for ways to sustain its winning ways .
After finding a generation of players on handheld games devices like Nintendo Co Ltd ’s Game Boy and on desktop computers , they are eyeing the swelling legions of smartphones -- multimedia handsets with large color touchscreens , such Apple Inc ’s iPhone .
“ The challenge for us is just continuing to drive growth in the franchise , ” said Adam Sussman , Vice President of Worldwide Publishing for Electronic Arts ’ EA Mobile division .
“ Our hope is that as the business evolves to the smartphone , and moves to Apps stores , people will be able to find Tetris and buy it , and we will see a bigger audience consuming it . ”
Electronic
Arts holds the exclusive license on mobile devices for Tetris , a simple game that many play while commuting or during breaks .
Since debuting Tetris on the Apple App Store in July 2008 , the game has become one of the top 10 games sold of all time .
That success is a far cry from what Pajitnov had in mind when the computer science researcher created it in a Moscow as a way to test Electronika , at that time a cutting - edge computer for the Soviet Union .
ABHORRENT OF VIOLENCE
Thinking back to the early 1980s when he first started working on a desktop computer , Pajitnov remembers : I “ started to ( program ) some riddles and puzzles and board games - which I have enjoyed all my life .
Tetris was one of them , ” Pajitnov said from Moscow recently .
He attributes the success of the game -- considered easy to play but hard to master -- to its contrast with the plethora of games that involve violence and other bad behavior .
“ The game has a kind of creative spirit , instead of destroying , as you do in all the shooting games and most of the other games .
( Here ) you created something , ” he says .
“ You take the chaos of the pieces falling down in random and put them together in some kind of ordered way .
That gives people a very good feeling . ”
Pajitnov went on to create other games , including “ Pandora ’s Box ” and “ Hexic ” , but he still earns royalties for Tetris as does Rogers , who oversees the Tetris brand for Blue Planet Software .
Rogers says the game has limitless potential , and is working on a kind of online global Olympic games of Tetris .
Competition in the Tetris Cup is expected to start next year on a local level in major cities , and he envisions a championship event , perhaps in Hawaii where he is based .
All this for a game that Rogers says is still profitable , and whose cost -- which he declined to specify -- is a fraction of what is spent by many of the companies at the E3 video game conference in Los Angeles this week .
“ I love it , ” he says .
“ People are spending $ 10 million to $ 20 million building a game .
More power to them . ”
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The U.S. Senate on Thursday approved the Obama administration ’s nomination of Julius Genachowski , a telecommunications industry executive , to head the Federal Communications Commission .
Genachowski is set to chair the five - member panel that will be dominated by Democrats seeking to bring more power to consumers and extend high - speed Internet access to rural parts of the United States .
The Senate also approved renewing the FCC term for Republican Robert McDowell .
The FCC ’s broad mandate includes regulation of telephone and cable companies , oversight of ownership of radio and television outlets and management of public airwaves .
On Thursday the White House said Obama plans to nominate Meredith Attwell Baker to a Republican seat on the commission .
Baker has more than 12 years of experience in telecommunications and technology policy in the private and public sector , the White House said .
She is a former Commerce Department official .
If she is formally nominated , the Senate Commerce Committee is likely to pair the nominations of Baker and Mignon Clyburn , who has been nominated to fill a Democratic seat , at a hearing .
Clyburn is the daughter of House of Representatives Majority Whip James Clyburn of South Carolina .
Expanding broadband Internet access to rural parts of the United States is among the top priorities that the Obama administration wants the FCC to tackle .
The FCC will help oversee billions of dollars in economic stimulus money that Congress approved in incentives for states and private companies to expand high - speed Internet in rural and underserved areas .
The FCC is required to submit a broadband plan to Congress by February .
Other issues the commission is expected to tackle include so - called “ net neutrality ” to prevent Internet services providers from giving preference to certain content , and whether consumers are getting short - changed by the exclusive deals between mobile phone makers and service providers .
News of a recession can conceal a multitude of sins .
For example , was it really the economic downturn that prompted IBM to issue all of those pink slips to U.S. workers , or was that just part of an ongoing process of systematic outsourcing ?
And what about the layoffs at Microsoft -- were they the result of the financial crisis , or was it something else ?
If you believe an alliance of " investor activists " calling itself the Crandrea Group , it is n't the economy that 's dragging Microsoft down , and cutting its salary budget wo n't make much difference .
According to the Crandrea Group , the bigger problem is the billions Microsoft squanders each year on fruitless R&D .
[ Yesterday , Microsoft announced it was boosting its R&D spending by $ 1 billion and focusing on public safety . ]
All right , stop .
At this point I 'd like to emphasize that I 'm well aware that the demands of outspoken investors are almost always skewed toward short - term gain rather than sensible product strategy .
Furthermore , I have no idea what this so - called Crandrea Group really is , who its members and supporters might really be , or whether it represents a fiscally significant portion of Microsoft shares .
I suspect that it does n't .
Be that as it may , the Crandrea Group 's claims regarding Microsoft 's R&D expenditures are worth discussing because they raise important questions .
What is the appropriate rate of investment in research and development for software development companies in a bear market ?
And as budgets tighten across the software industry and beyond , how can we ensure that software remains one of the hotbeds of innovation in the global economy ?
Microsoft R&D : Money down the drain ?
So far as I am aware , no company spends more on software R&D than Microsoft , with the total tab ringing in excess of $ 7.5 billion per year .
To me this seems only appropriate -- after all , few companies come close to matching Microsoft 's software sales revenue .
The problem , according to the Crandrea Group , is that one does n't follow the other .
The purpose of R&D spending is to drive innovation , yet innovative products are n't what drive Microsoft 's revenue .
Instead , Microsoft owes the bulk of its fortune to a few cash cows , including Windows and Office .
These are hardly the most innovative products .
Sure , the " ribbon " interface introduced in Office 2007 was a fairly significant change -- I 'm a fan , others hate it -- but under the hood , Office 2007 is still just an office suite .
And remember all those innovative new features that were going to ship with Windows Vista , née Longhorn ?
The most exciting ones seemed to fall by the wayside .
" Microsoft , after a decade of acquisitions and R&D spending , is equally dependent on its cash cows for revenue as it was a decade ago , " says the Crandrea Group 's Craig Montgomery in a blog post titled " Could Microsoft Become the Next General Motors ? "
What 's more , he says , the company has " the mentality of protecting the cash cows , " while truly innovative products tend to wither on the vine .
( That 's if you consider the Zune innovative , I guess . )
Up to this point it 's hard to argue with Montgomery 's findings .
What bothers me , though , are the Crandrea Group 's proposed solutions .
" It is critical that Microsoft utilize its R&D budget and focus on improving its core products , " reads the group 's strategy statement .
" Rather than deploying capital to create new products , it is crucial to direct capital to improving existing products to secure consumer confidence and loyalty . "
In other words , the problem is n't that Microsoft 's attempts to innovate have failed .
The problem is that Microsoft tried to innovate in the first place !
Whither software innovation ?
See what I mean about investors focusing on short - term gain ?
And yet in a shrinking economy , the urge to circle the wagons , hang onto existing customers , and downplay cost centers is only natural .
The larger the vendor , the more it stands to lose as customers tighten their belts .
But if Microsoft decided that its $ 7.5 billion would be better spent on security patches , bug fixes , and incremental upgrades , what would that say for the $ 3 billion that Oracle spends on R&D each year or the $ 6 billion that IBM spends on R&D annually across all of its hardware and software product lines ?
If the big vendors divert funds away from " pure " R&D in favor of safer ventures , just where is the next wave of software innovation going to come from ?
Traditionally , one solution has been to turn to new blood .
There 's still plenty of room for promising new startups in the software industry .
Unfortunately , this is one of the worst times for venture capital in recent memory .
We 've seen investment plummet 40 percent year over year , and there 's no telling when the situation will improve .
Others say open source could be the answer .
For example , Nokia claims open sourcing Symbian will streamline its R&D by eliminating duplicate efforts across its industry .
But that kind of " cooperative competition " can only take care of the boring stuff :
The low - level internals .
The stuff that does n't provide competitive advantage .
The stuff Microsoft can afford to do on its own ( or Google , for that matter ) .
As promising as it may be , open source software is still playing catch - up in most major application categories , and lack of protection against patent claims and other intellectual property issues still limits the community development model 's effectiveness at true R&D .
Can open source innovate ?
Sure -- but only when the funding is there to back it up .
That 's why we should view Microsoft 's promise to increase R&D spending as a good thing , despite what the Crandrea Group says .
Should Microsoft take a hard look at how its research dollars are spent ?
Should it eliminate bureaucracy and excess middle management ?
Of course it should .
But to cut back on R&D for the sake of short - term returns would be folly , and doubly so given current economic conditions .
Now more than ever , we 're going to have to rely on the largest software vendors to lead the way in R&D spending if this industry is to remain healthy and innovative .
Incidentally , one of the Crandrea Group 's more bizarre suggestions for Microsoft is that it should acquire the Canadian mobile phone maker Research in Motion .
I was a little perplexed until I noticed that the group claims to be a consultancy based in Canada .
Would I be jumping to conclusions to put two and two together ?
Microsoft 's management and board may have made missteps in the past , but to fall for such a blatant cash - grab now , with the economy itself in crisis , would be practically criminal .
Enlarge By Damian Dovarganes , AP Alex Sanchez , right , the head of a high - profile anti-gang organization , shows a photograph to Los Angeles City Council Member Ed Reyes , in Los Angeles .
LOS ANGELES ( AP ) 
A man who said he left a ruthless street gang in Central America and later won praise for his anti-gang work in Los Angeles was arrested Wednesday by authorities who allege he conspired to kill a rival even as he spoke out against gang life .
Alex Sanchez , 37 , who heads the nonprofit Homies Unidos anti-gang group , was taken into custody at his Bellflower home on federal racketeering charges , authorities said .
The indictment names 24 leaders , members and associates of MS - 13 , part of the Mara Salvatrucha gang affiliated with the Mexican Mafia prison gang .
It alleges crimes that include seven murders , eight conspiracies to commit murder , and gun and narcotics offenses since 1995 .
Sixteen of those named were already in custody .
Four others , including Sanchez , were arrested Wednesday .
The alleged crimes by Sanchez occurred after he returned from El Salvador in 1996 and publicly decried gang life .
The indictment said he went by the nickname Rebelde , or rebel , and was a shot - caller for the Normandie contingent of MS - 13 .
He and three others are accused in the indictment of conspiring to murder a man identified by authorities as Walter Lacinos " for the purpose of maintaining and increasing their position in MS - 13 . "
In May 2006 , Lacinos was killed in El Salvador .
No other details were provided in the indictment .
Chief Assistant U.S. Attorney George Cardona declined to provide any specifics beyond the court filing .
Shot - callers manage the narcotics operations in certain gang territories , collect extortion payments and resolve disputes , the indictment states .
Mara Salvatrucha was formed in Los Angeles in the mid-1980s by immigrants fleeing the El Salvador civil war .
The gang spread as members were deported to their home country and is now a major international criminal enterprise known for callous killings carried out by its members , many of whom are heavily tattooed with shaved heads .
Five others named in the indictment , not including Sanchez , conspired to murder a veteran gang detective with the Los Angeles Police Department , authorities said .
Known as an anti-gang worker , Sanchez has testified as an expert witness in criminal cases , lobbied for better intervention and prevention programs , spoken to youths about the depressing consequences of gang life and been widely quoted in the media , including by The Associated Press .
Luis Enrique Guzman , a community organizer at the Los Angeles Homies Unidos office , said the group would have no immediate comment .
Luis Romero , director of the Homies Unidos office in El Salvador , said the organization did not accept the allegations against Sanchez .
" We know that Homies Unidos U.S.A. is doing great work in the reinsertion and rehabilitation of young people , " Romero said .
He said he had no details on the charges .
Asked what he thought prompted the allegations , he said , " these are the famous smoke screens , things that they use , things that they have not been able to solve and they take action without previously investigating . "
Sanchez arrived in Los Angeles at age 7 from El Salvador and joined Mara Salvatrucha when he was 14 .
He was jailed three times for minor offenses and deported to El Salvador in 1994 .
He told the AP in a March interview that in his home country he had to live on the streets , fleeing death squads and gangs who threatened to kill him because they believed him a rival .
He returned illegally to Los Angeles in 1995 .
Authorities tried to deport him a second time , but he was granted political asylum after saying police picked him up because he had testified against officers in the Rampart police corruption scandal .
Several people spoke in his defense , including Tom Hayden , a former student radical and state senator
In July 2002 , Sanchez received political asylum after officials determined his life would be in danger if he returned to El Salvador .
It was the latest instance in which an anti-gang advocate has been arrested .
In January , Marlo " Bow Wow " Jones was arrested in the robbing and beating of a rapper with the musical group Bone Thugs - N - Harmony in his Universal City hotel room .
At the time , Jones was working as a gang intervention worker .
Last year , Hector " Big Weasel " Marroquin , a former gang member in suburban Los Angeles who founded an anti-violence group , was sentenced to eight years in prison for selling assault weapons .
Civil rights lawyer and gang expert Connie Rice said anti-gang workers sometimes struggle to completely leave behind gang affiliations .
" The best ones are the ones who have completely gotten out of the life , but kept the relationships and still are respected , " she said .
" But they are the exception and not the rule .
Most of these guys are go - betweens , some act as buffers and some are still in the gang . "
Rice said she had long wondered about Sanchez because he had been absent from community meetings aimed at reducing MS - 13 violence .
" The thing that makes it really complicated is that Alex did really good work , " she said .
" He helped a lot of kids , put a lot of kids in school . "
Homies Unidos was founded in 1996 in El Salvador .
Sanchez helped establish the Los Angeles office the following year .
The office has helped remove tattoos from more than 240 gang members .
FBI officials said everyone named on the indictment could face up to 25 years to life in prison , while those charged with murder could face the death penalty .
No one else from Homies Unidos was named in the indictment .
Copyright 2009 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Photographer / tumblogger Clayton Cubitt says , " Bolivia is the Saudi Arabia of lithium , the metal needed for the batteries that will power our electric car future .
I saw this ITN report on News Hour the other night , and was stunned by the visuals and the story . "
Above , the video report from ITN which ran on CNN .
Below , snip from transcript for the related PBS NewsHour discussion :
Half a world away , Bolivia 's president , Evo Morales , is going for a drive in an electric car .
The French auto magnate , Vincent Bollore , whose company has developed the vehicle is showing him the prototypes .
Morales is a socialist determined to uphold the rights of Bolivia 's indigenous people .
He says the Americans are all imperialists , so the Frenchman sees an opportunity to win favor and get the lithium .
VINCENT BOLLORE , French businessman ( through translator ) :
It 's you who controls the raw materials for the 21st and 22nd centuries .
You 're like Saudi Arabia .
It 's you .
LINDSEY HILSUM : In the Bolivian capital La Paz , they 're dreaming about that pot of gold .
A new socialist constitution says foreign companies exploiting the country 's natural resources must reinvest all profits in Bolivia .
LUIS ALBERTO ECHAZU , Bolivian minister of mining ( through translator ) :
Any company which would like to work with us will have to develop industries here , otherwise there 's nothing .
It 's very simple :
We will not continue exporting raw materials for another 500 years .
That is over .
Bolivia 's Lithium Resources May Prove Hot Commodity ( PBS NewsHour )
Since President Obama etched his commitment to nuclear disarmament in stone with his Prague speech , those opposed , as described in a previous post , are coming out of the woodwork .
Among the more recent is an article on Talking Points Memo titled Zero is too much by noted communitarian Amitai Etzioni .
Its appearance on TPM is yet another example of the difficulty pinning him — like communitarianism — down on the political spectrum .
Also , the title , if it ’s his doing , turns the concept of “ getting to zero ” inside - out .
What does that remind me of ?
Oh , the term he once coined : deproliferation .
Basically , he hitched a ride on the back of “ nonproliferation ” to reach the idea marketplace and barter for credibility .
But , in the process , he reached under the concept of nonproliferation and cut its throat .
For deproliferation is , if not the opposite , a perversion of proliferation .
As Etzioni once explained : “ Deproliferation calls for removing the access to nuclear arms and the materials from which they can readily be made — first and foremost in unstable and noncompliant states , and only then in all others . ”
In other words , targeted nonproliferation , like a smart bomb .
Though he does n’t invoke his pet term in this piece ( perhaps to keep it from wearing out its welcome ) , the message is familiar :
The fate of the curbs on the spread of nuclear arms in the near future is going to be decided in Iran .
If it is allowed to gain a bomb , there will be no stopping Saudi Arabia and other Arab nations from going down the same road , and Japan and South Korea are likely soon to follow , to countervail North Korea . …
Zero can wait .
In other words , when Etzioni declares , “ Zero can wait , ” he means that the larger nuclear states , like the United States , Russia , England , France , and Germany should be in no rush to disarm .
Their first task is to keep those states with nuclear aspirations from realizing their dream .
But , as I ’m sure he knows , it ’s as impossible to apply an end date to the human inclination to arm itself to the max as it is to declare that the War on Terror has scrubbed the human heart clean of vengeance .
Basically , Etzioni is trying to extend the expiration date on the Bush administration ’s policy of abdicating disarmament leadership .
The danger of figures like Etzioni is that they profess to seek disarmament , but , in truth , work to sabotage it .
At least , with the likes of missile - defense advocate extraordinaire Keith Payne ( who no doubt did his best to keep the report issued by the Congressional Commission on the Strategic Posture , of which he was a member , from furthering the cause of disarmament ) and hawk - for - all - seasons Frank Gaffney , what you see is what you get .
The Deproliferator ( the column ’s title , not the author ’s nom de plume ) covers nuclear nonproliferation and disarmament , with an emphasis on treaties , negotiation , and diplomacy .
The author is not employed in the arms control field .
A term coined by sociologist and professor of international relations Amitai Etzioni , “ Deproliferation , ” he writes , “ calls for removing the access to nuclear arms and the materials from which they can readily be made — first and foremost in unstable and noncompliant states , and only then in all others . ”
Whatever the merits of this approach , it lends itself to reinforcing the distinction between the nuclear haves and have - nots .
Fond of his phrase , though , we ’re appropriating it to our own ends .
For the purposes of this column , deproliferation means , simply , disarmament .
No había extintores ni salida de emergencia , confirma ; duda si el personal era suficiente
Cuestiona el documento emitido por el Cuerpo de Bomberos de Hermosillo que valida la operación de la estancia
July 16 , 2008
Patient Voices : Bipolar Disorder
What is it like to have bipolar disorder ?
To be labeled " crazy " ?
How do you balance the ups and downs ?
Here , in their own words , are the stories of nine men and women living with bipolar disorder .
By GottaLaff
Is anyone surprised ? ....
Anyone ....? :: crickets ::
Who will be the first one to finally prosecute ?
Officials privately mocked assertions that the Iraqi president was covertly trying to develop a nuclear capability and wisecracked that perhaps he had recruited " Dr Frankenstein " to his supposed crack team of nuclear scientists .
They disclose that the intelligence services were skeptical over the " iffy drafting " of government claims that Saddam Hussein could mount a missile strike on his neighbours within 45 minutes of ordering an attack .
So much for that mushroom cloud .
What was that you were saying again , Ari ?
The release of a series of confidential memos and emails , following a protracted Freedom of Information battle , reignited the controversy over accusations that Tony Blair 's government " spun " Britain into war .
Last night both the Tories and the Liberal Democrats renewed their demands for a full public inquiry into the decision to join the US - led invasion of Iraq .
The 45 - minute claim – presented to MPs in a notorious dossier on 24 September 2002 , six months before military action began – was central to the Blair government 's justification for war .
But a memo sent 13 days earlier by Desmond Bowen , head of the Cabinet Office defence secretariat , to John Scarlett , who was head of the Joint Intelligence Committee , suggested he had grave reservations over the threat . [...]
Another memo
exaggerated claims
Last night William Hague , the shadow Foreign Secretary , said : " This is the latest in a steady stream of damaging revelations about the events leading up to the Iraq war .
These minutes shed interesting light on the process by which the caveats in the Joint Intelligence Committee 's original assessment of Iraq 's WMD programmes were stripped out of the dossier that was presented to Parliament and the British people . " [...]
The emails : How ' sexing - up ' was achieved :
11 September 2002 Desmond Bowen : " The question we have to have in the back of our mind is : ' Why now ? '
I think we have moved away from promoting the ideas that we are in imminent danger of attack and intend to act in pre-emptive self - defence ...
In looking at the WMD sections , you will clearly want to be as firm and authoritative as you can be .
You will clearly need to judge the extent to which you need to hedge your judgements with , for example , ' it is almost certain ' and similar caveats . "
11 September 2002 Mark Sedwill : " I would expand the history of weapons inspections .
It is an interesting story and would give the media a better feel for the difficulties they faced and the persistence of the Iraqi obstruction ...
We need a very simple table somewhere ...
This should be brief enough to get on to the Sky wall – ie no more than five bullets . "
16 September 2002 Unnamed official ( thought to be intelligence agent ) : " I note that the paper suggests that Saddam 's biotech efforts have gone much further than we ever feared .
Page 4 Bullet 4 : ' [ Iraq ] has assembled specialists to work on its nuclear programme ' – Dr Frankenstein I presume ?
Sorry .
It 's getting late ...
We have suggested moderating the same language in much the same way on drafts from the dim and distant past without success .
Feel free to try again !...
Lots of ' ranges ' close together – iffy drafting . "
Pim van Lommel , Ruud van Wees , Vincent Meyers , Ingrid Elfferich Division of Cardiology , Hospital Rijnstate , Arnhem , Netherlands ( P van Lommel MD ) ; Tilburg , Netherlands ( R van Wees PhD ) ; Nijmegen , Netherlands ( V Meyers PhD ) ; and Capelle a/d Ijssel , Netherlands ( I Elfferich PhD ) Correspondence to : Dr Pim van Lommel , Division of Cardiology , Hospital Rijnstate , PO Box 9555 , 6800 TA Arnhem , Netherlands ( e- mail : [ email protected ] )
Summary
Introduction
Methods
Results
Discussion
References
Background
Some people report a near - death experience ( NDE ) after a life - threatening crisis .
We aimed to establish the cause of this experience and assess factors that affected its frequency , depth , and content .
Methods
In a prospective study , we included 344 consecutive cardiac patients who were successfully resuscitated after cardiac arrest in ten Dutch hospitals .
We compared demographic , medical , pharmacological , and psychological data between patients who reported NDE and patients who did not ( controls ) after resuscitation .
In a longitudinal study of life changes after NDE , we compared the groups 2 and 8 years later .
Findings 62 patients ( 18 % ) reported NDE , of whom 41 ( 12 % ) described a core experience .
Occurrence of the experience was not associated with duration of cardiac arrest or unconsciousness , medication , or fear of death before cardiac arrest .
Frequency of NDE was affected by how we defined NDE , the prospective nature of the research in older cardiac patients , age , surviving cardiac arrest in first myocardial infarction , more than one cardiopulmonary resuscitation ( CPR ) during stay in hospital , previous NDE , and memory problems after prolonged CPR .
Depth of the experience was affected by sex , surviving CPR outside hospital , and fear before cardiac arrest .
Significantly more patients who had an NDE , especially a deep experience , died within 30 days of CPR ( p<0·0001 ) .
The process of transformation after NDE took several years , and differed from those of patients who survived cardiac arrest without NDE .
Interpretation
We do not know why so few cardiac patients report NDE after CPR , although age plays a part .
With a purely physiological explanation such as cerebral anoxia for the experience , most patients who have been clinically dead should report one .
Lancet 2001 ; 358 : 2039 - 45 See Commentary
Some people who have survived a life - threatening crisis report an extraordinary experience .
Near - death experience ( NDE ) occurs with increasing frequency because of improved survival rates resulting from modern techniques of resuscitation .
The content of NDE and the effects on patients seem similar worldwide , across all cultures and times .
The subjective nature and absence of a frame of reference for this experience lead to individual , cultural , and religious factors determining the vocabulary used to describe and interpret the experience .
1 NDE are reported in many circumstances : cardiac arrest in myocardial infarction ( clinical death ) , shock in postpartum loss of blood or in perioperative complications , septic or anaphylactic shock , electrocution , coma resulting from traumatic brain damage , intracerebral haemorrhage or cerebral infarction , attempted suicide , near - drowning or asphyxia , and apnoea .
Such experiences are also reported by patients with serious but not immediately life - threatening diseases , in those with serious depression , or without clear cause in fully conscious people .
Similar experiences to near - death ones can occur during the terminal phase of illness , and are called deathbed visions .
Identical experiences to NDE , so - called fear - death experiences , are mainly reported after situations in which death seemed unavoidable : serious traffic accidents , mountaineering accidents , or isolation such as with shipwreck .
Several theories on the origin of NDE have been proposed .
Some think the experience is caused by physiological changes in the brain , such as brain cells dying as a result of cerebral anoxia .
2 - 4
Other theories encompass a psychological reaction to approaching death , 5 or a combination of such reaction and anoxia .
6
Such experiences could also be linked to a changing state of consciousness ( transcendence ) , in which perception , cognitive functioning , emotion , and sense of identity function independently from normal body - linked waking consciousness .
7
People who have had an NDE are psychologically healthy , although some show non-pathological signs of dissociation .
7
Such people do not differ from controls with respect to age , sex , ethnic origin , religion , or degree of religious belief .
1 Studies on NDE1,3,8,9 have been retrospective and very selective with respect to patients .
In retrospective studies , 5 - 10 years can elapse between occurrence of the experience and its investigation , which often prevents accurate assessment of physiological and pharmacological factors .
In retrospective studies , between 43%8 and 48%1 of adults and up to 85 % of children10 who had a life - threatening illness were estimated to have had an NDE .
A random investigation of more than 2000 Germans showed 4·3 % to have had an NDE at a mean age of 22 years .
11 Differences in estimates of frequency and uncertainty as to causes of this experience result from varying definitions of the phenomenon , and from inadequate methods of research .
12 Patients ' transformational processes after an NDE are very similar1,3,13 - 16 and encompass life - changing insight , heightened intuition , and disappearance of fear of death .
Assimilation and acceptance of these changes is thought to take at least several years .
15
We did a prospective study to calculate the frequency of NDE in patients after cardiac arrest ( an objective critical medical situation ) , and establish factors that affected the frequency , content , and depth of the experience .
We also did a longitudinal study to assess the effect of time , memory , and suppression mechanisms on the process of transformation after NDE , and to reaffirm the content and allow further study of the experience .
We also proposed to reassess theories on the cause and content of NDE .
Patients
We included consecutive patients who were successfully resuscitated in coronary care units in ten Dutch hospitals during a research period varying between hospitals from 4 months to nearly 4 years ( 1988 - 92 ) .
The research period varied because of the requirement that all consecutive patients who had undergone successful cardiopulmonary resuscitation ( CPR ) were included .
If this standard was not met we ended research in that hospital .
All patients had been clinically dead , which we established mainly by electrocardiogram records .
All patients gave written informed consent .
We obtained ethics committee approval .
Procedures
We defined NDE as the reported memory of all impressions during a special state of consciousness , including specific elements such as out - of - body experience , pleasant feelings , and seeing a tunnel , a light , deceased relatives , or a life review .
We defined clinical death as a period of unconsciousness caused by insufficient blood supply to the brain because of inadequate blood circulation , breathing , or both .
If , in this situation , CPR is not started within 5 - 10 min , irreparable damage is done to the brain and the patient will die .
We did a short standardised interview with sufficiently well patients within a few days of resuscitation .
We asked whether patients recollected the period of unconsciousness , and what they recalled .
Three researchers coded the experiences according to the weighted core experience index .1
In this scoring system , depth of NDE is measured with weighted scores assigned to elements of the content of the experience .
Scores between 1 and 5 denote superficial NDE , but we included these events because all patients underwent transformational changes as well .
Scores of 6 or more denote core experiences , and scores of 10 or greater are deep experiences .
We also recorded date of cardiac arrest , date of interview , sex , age , religion , standard of education reached , whether the patient had previously experienced NDE , previously heard of NDE , whether CPR took place inside or outside hospital , previous myocardial infarction , and how many times the patient had been resuscitated during their stay in hospital .
We estimated duration of circulatory arrest and unconsciousness , and noted whether artificial respiration by intubation took place .
We also recorded type and dose of drugs before , during , and after the crisis , and assessed possible memory problems at interview after lengthy or difficult resuscitation .
We classed patients resuscitated during electrophysiological stimulation separately .
We did standardised and taped interviews with participants a mean of 2 years after CPR .
Patients also completed a life - change inventory .
16
The questionnaire addressed self - image , concern with others , materialism and social issues , religious beliefs and spirituality , and attitude towards death .
Participants answered 34 questions with a five - point scale indicating whether and to what degree they had changed .
After 8 years , surviving patients and their partners were interviewed again with the life - change inventory , and also completed a medical and psychological questionnaire for cardiac patients ( from the Dutch Heart Foundation ) , the Utrecht coping list , the sense of coherence inquiry , and a scale for depression .
These extra questionnaires were deemed necessary for qualitative analysis because of the reduced number of respondents who survived to 8 years follow - up .
Our control group consisted of resuscitated patients who had not reported an NDE .
We matched controls with patients who had had an NDE by age , sex , and time interval between CPR and the second and third interviews .
Statistical analysis
We assessed causal factors for NDE with the Pearso n2 test for categorical and t test for ratio - scaled factors .
Factors affecting depth of NDE were analysed with the Mann - Whitney test for categorical factors , and with Spearman 's coefficient of rank correlation for ratio - scaled factors .
Links between NDE and altered scores for questions from the life - change inventory were assessed with the Mann - Whitney test .
The sums of the individual scores were used to compare the responses to the life - change inventory in the second and third interview .
Because few causes or relations exist for NDE , the null hypotheses are the absence of factors .
Hence , all tests were two - tailed with significance shown by p values less than 0·05 .
Patients
We included 344 patients who had undergone 509 successful resuscitations .
Mean age at resuscitation was 62·2 years ( SD 12·2 ) , and ranged from 26 to 92 years .
251 patients were men ( 73 % ) and 93 were women ( 27 % ) .
Women were significantly older than men ( 66 vs 61 years , p=0·005 ) .
The ratio of men to women was 57/43 for those older than 70 years , whereas at younger ages it was 80/20 .
14 ( 4 % ) patients had had a previous NDE .
We interviewed 248 ( 74 % ) patients within 5 days after CPR .
Some demographic questions from the first interview had too many values missing for reliable statistical analysis , so data from the second interview were used .
Of the 74 patients whom we interviewed at 2 - year follow - up , 42 ( 57 % ) had previously heard of NDE , 53 ( 72 % ) were religious , 25 ( 34 % ) had left education aged 12 years , and 49 ( 66 % ) had been educated until aged at least 16 years .
296 ( 86 % ) of all 344 patients had had a first myocardial infarction and 48 ( 14 % ) had undergone more than one infarction .
Nearly all patients with acute myocardial infarction were treated with fentanyl , a synthetic opiod antagonist ; thalamonal , a combined preparation of fentanyl with dehydrobenzperidol that has an antipsychotic and sedative effect ; or both .
45 ( 13 % ) patients also received sedative drugs such as diazepam or oxazepam , and 38 ( 11 % ) were given strong sedatives such as midazolam ( for intubation ) , or haloperidol for cerebral unrest during or after long - lasting unconsciousness .
234 ( 68 % ) patients were successfully resuscitated within hospital .
190 ( 81 % ) of these patients were resuscitated within 2 min of circulatory arrest , and unconsciousness lasted less than 5 min in 187 ( 80 % ) .
30 patients were resuscitated during electrophysiological stimulation ; these patients all underwent less than 1 min of circulatory arrest and less than 2 min of unconsciousness .
This group were only given 5 mg of diazepam about 1 h before electrophysiological stimulation .
101 ( 29 % ) patients survived CPR outside hospital , and nine ( 3 % ) were resuscitated both within and outside hospital .
Of these 110 patients , 88 ( 80 % ) had more than 2 min of circulatory arrest , and 62 ( 56 % ) were unconscious for more than 10 min .
All people with brief cardiac arrest and who were resuscitated outside hospital were resuscitated in an ambulance .
Only 12 ( 9 % ) patients survived a circulatory arrest that lasted longer than 10 min. 36 % ( 123 ) of all patients were unconsciousness for longer than 60 min , 37 of these patients needed artificial respiration through intubation .
Intubated patients received high doses of strong sedatives and were interviewed later than other patients ; most were still in a weakened physical condition at the time of first interview and 24 showed memory defects .
Significantly more younger than older patients survived long - lasting unconsciousness following difficult CPR ( p=0·005 ) .
Prospective findings
62 ( 18 % ) patients reported some recollection of the time of clinical death ( table 1 ) .
Of these patients , 21 ( 6 % of total ) had a superficial NDE and 41 ( 12 % ) had a core experience .
23 of the core group ( 7 % of total ) reported a deep or very deep NDE .
Therefore , of 509 resuscitations , 12 % resulted in NDE and 8 % in core experiences .
Table 2 shows the frequencies of ten elements of NDE.1
No patients reported distressing or frightening NDE .
WCEI score * n A No memory 0 282 ( 82 % ) B Some recollection 1 - 5 21 ( 6 % ) C Moderately deep NDE 6 -9 18 ( 5 % ) D Deep NDE 10 - 14 17 ( 5 % ) E Very deep NDE 15 - 19 6 ( 2 % ) WCEI =weighted core experience index .
NDE =near - death experience .
* A=no NDE , B=superficial NDE , C/D / E=core NDE .
Table 1 : Distribution of the 344 patients in five WCEI classes * Elements of NDE1 Frequency ( n=62 ) 1 Awareness of being dead 31 ( 50 % ) 2 Positive emotions 35 ( 56 % ) 3
Out of body experience 15 ( 24 % ) 4 Moving through a tunnel 19 ( 31 % ) 5 Communication with light 14 ( 23 % ) 6 Observation of colours 14 ( 23 % ) 7 Observation of a celestial landscape 18 ( 29 % ) 8 Meeting with deceased persons 20 ( 32 % ) 9 Life review 8 ( 13 % ) 10 Presence of border 5 ( 8 % ) NDE =near - death experience .
Table 2 : Frequency of ten elements of NDE During the pilot phase in one of the hospitals , a coronary - care - unit nurse reported a veridical out - of - body experience of a resuscitated patient : " During a night shift an ambulance brings in a 44 - year - old cyanotic , comatose man into the coronary care unit .
He had been found about an hour before in a meadow by passers - by .
After admission , he receives artificial respiration without intubation , while heart massage and defibrillation are also applied .
When we want to intubate the patient , he turns out to have dentures in his mouth .
I remove these upper dentures and put them onto the ' crash car ' .
Meanwhile , we continue extensive CPR .
After about an hour and a half the patient has sufficient heart rhythm and blood pressure , but he is still ventilated and intubated , and he is still comatose .
He is transferred to the intensive care unit to continue the necessary artificial respiration .
Only after more than a week do I meet again with the patient , who is by now back on the cardiac ward .
I distribute his medication .
The moment he sees me he says : ' Oh , that nurse knows where my dentures are ' .
I am very surprised .
Then he elucidates : ' Yes , you were there when I was brought into hospital and you took my dentures out of my mouth and put them onto that car , it had all these bottles on it and there was this sliding drawer underneath and there you put my teeth . '
I was especially amazed because I remembered this happening while the man was in deep coma and in the process of CPR .
When I asked further , it appeared the man had seen himself lying in bed , that he had perceived from above how nurses and doctors had been busy with CPR .
He was also able to describe correctly and in detail the small room in which he had been resuscitated as well as the appearance of those present like myself .
At the time that he observed the situation he had been very much afraid that we would stop CPR and that he would die .
And it is true that we had been very negative about the patient 's prognosis due to his very poor medical condition when admitted .
The patient tells me that he desperately and unsuccessfully tried to make it clear to us that he was still alive and that we should continue CPR .
He is deeply impressed by his experience and says he is no longer afraid of death .
4 weeks later he left hospital as a healthy man . "
Table 3 shows relations between demographic , medical , pharmacological , and psychological factors and the frequency and depth of NDE .
No medical , pharmacological , or psychological factor affected the frequency of the experience .
People younger than 60 years had NDE more often than older people ( p=0·012 ) , and women , who were significantly older than men , had more frequent deep experiences than men ( p=0·011 ) ( table 3 ) .
Increased frequency of experiences in patients who survived cardiac arrest in first myocardial infarction , and deeper experiences in patients who survived CPR outside hospital could have resulted from differences in age .
Both these groups of patients were younger than other patients , though the age differences were not significant ( p=0·05 and 0·07 , respectively ) .
Frequency of NDE Depth NDE No NDE p of NDE ( n=62 ) ( n=282 ) ( n=62 ) Categorical factors Demographic Women 13 ( 21 % ) 80 ( 28 % ) NS 0·011 Age* < 60 years 32 ( 52 % ) 96 ( 34 % ) 0·012 NS Religion ( yes ) 26 ( 70 % ) 27 ( 73 % ) NS NS Education Elementary 10 ( 27 % ) 15 ( 43 % ) NS NS Medical Intubation 6 ( 10 % ) 31 ( 11 % ) NS NS Electrophysiological 8 ( 13 % ) 22 ( 8 % ) NS NS stimulation First myocardial 60 ( 97 % ) 236 ( 84 % ) 0·013 NS infarction CPR outside hospital § 13 ( 21 % ) 88 ( 32 % ) NS 0·027 Memory defect after 1 ( 2 % ) 40 ( 14 % ) 0·011 NS lengthy CPR Death within 30 days 13 ( 21 % ) 24 ( 9 % ) 0·008 0·017 Pharmacological Extra medication 17 ( 27 % ) 70 ( 25 % ) NS NS Psychological Fear before CPR § 4 ( 13 % ) 2 ( 6 % ) NS 0·045 Previous NDE 6 ( 10 % ) 8 ( 3 % ) 0·035 NS Foreknowledge of NDE  22 ( 60 % ) 20 ( 54 % ) NS NS Ratio - scaled factors Demographic Age ( mean [ SD ] , years ) * 58·8 ( 13·4 ) 63·5 ( 11·8 ) 0·006 NS Medical Duration of cardiac 4·0 ( 5·2 ) 3·7 ( 3·9 ) NS NS arrest ( mean [ SD ] , min ) Duration of 66·1 ( 269·5 ) 118·3 ( 355·5 ) NS NS unconsciousness ( mean [ SD ] , min ) Number of CPRs ( SD ) 2·1 ( 2·5 ) 1·4 ( 1·2 ) 0·029 NS Data are number ( % ) unless otherwise indicated .
CPR =cardiopulmonary resuscitation .
NS=not significant ( p>0·05 ) .
* 3 missing values .
n=74 ( data from 2nd interview , 35 NDE , 39 no NDE ) .
 2 missing values .
§ 10 missing values .
Table 3 : Factors affecting frequency and depth of near - death experience ( NDE ) Lengthy CPR can sometimes induce loss of memory and patients thus affected reported significantly fewer NDEs than others ( table 3 ) .
No relation was found between frequency of NDE and the time between CPR and the first interview ( range 1 - 70 days ) .
Mortality during or shortly after stay in hospital in patients who had an NDE was significantly higher than in patients who did not report an NDE ( 13/62 patients [ 21 % ] vs 24/282 [ 9 % ] , p=0·008 ) , and this difference was even more marked in patients who reported a deep experience ( 10/23 [ 43 % ] vs 24/282 [ 9 % ] , p<0·0001 ) .
Longitudinal findings
At 2 - year follow - up , 19 of the 62 patients with NDE had died and six refused to be interviewed .
Thus , we were able to interview 37 patients for the second time .
All patients were able to retell their experience almost exactly .
Of the 17 patients who had low scores in the first interview ( superficial NDE ) , seven had unchanged low scores , and four probably had , in retrospect , an NDE that consisted only of positive emotions ( score 1 ) .
Six patients had not in fact had an NDE after all , which was probably because of our wide definition of NDE at the first interview .
We selected a control group , matched for age , sex , and time since cardiac arrest , from the 282 patients who had not had NDE .
We contacted 75 of these patients to obtain 37 survivors who agreed to be interviewed .
Two controls reported an NDE consisting only of positive emotions , and two a core experience .
The first interview after CPR might have been too soon for these four patients ( 1 % of total ) to remember their NDE , or to be willing or able to describe the experience .
We were therefore able to interview 35 patients who had had an affirmed NDE , and 39 patients who had not .
Only six of the 74 patients that we interviewed at 2 years said they were afraid before CPR ( table 3 ) .
Four of these six had deep NDE ( p=0·045 , table 3 ) .
Most patients were not afraid before CPR , as the arrest happened too suddenly and unexpectedly to allow time for fear .
Significant differences in answers to 13 of the 34 items in the life - change inventory between people with and without an NDE are shown in table 4 .
For instance , people who had NDE had a significant increase in belief in an afterlife and decrease in fear of death compared with people who had not had this experience .
Depth of NDE was linked to high scores in spiritual items such as interest in the meaning of one 's own life , and social items such as showing love and accepting others .
The 13 patients who had superficial NDE underwent the same specific transformational changes as those who had a core experience .
LIfe - change inventory questionnaire p Social attitude Showing own feelings 0·034 Acceptance of others * 0·012 More loving , empathic * 0·002 Understanding others * 0·003
Involvement in family * 0·008 Religious attitude Understand purpose of life * 0·020 Sense inner meaning of life * 0·028 Interest in spirituality * 0·035 Attitude to death Fear of death * 0·009 Belief in life after death * 0·007 Others Interest in meaning of life 0·020 Understanding oneself 0·019 Appreciation of ordinary things 0·0001 NDE =near - death experience .
35 patients had NDE , 39 had not had NDE .
1 value missing for patients wih NDE in all categories ; * 2 values missing for patients with NDE ( ie , n=33 ) .
Table 4 : Significant differences in life - change inventory - scores16 of patients with and without NDE at 2 - year follow - up 8 - year follow - up included 23 patients with an NDE that had been affirmed at 2 - year follow - up. 11 patients had died and one could not be interviewed .
Patients could still recall their NDE almost exactly .
Of the patients without an NDE at 2 - year follow - up , 20 had died and four patients could not be interviewed ( for reasons such as dementia and long stay in hospital ) , which left 15 patients without an NDE to take part in the third interview .
All patients , including those who did not have NDE , had gone through a positive change and were more self - assured , socially aware , and religious than before .
Also , people who did not have NDE had become more emotionally affected , and in some , fear of death had decreased more than at 2 - year follow - up .
Their interest in spirituality had strongly decreased .
Most patients who did not have NDE did not believe in a life after death at 2 - year or 8 - year follow - up ( table 5 ) .
People with NDE had a much more complex coping process : they had become more emotionally vulnerable and empathic , and often there was evidence of increased intuitive feelings .
Most of this group did not show any fear of death and strongly believed in an afterlife .
Positive changes were more apparent at 8 years than at 2 years of follow - up .
Life - change inventory 2 - year follow - up 8 - year follow - up questionnaire NDE no NDE NDE no NDE ( n=23 ) ( n=15 ) ( n=23 ) ( n=15 ) Social attitude Showing own feelings 42 16 78 58 Acceptance of others 42 16 78 41 More loving , empathic 52 25 68 50 Understanding others 36 8 73 75 Involvement in family 47 33 78 58 Religious attitude Understand purpose of life 52 33 57 66 Sense inner meaning of life 52 25 57 25 Interest in spirituality 15 - 8 42 - 41 Attitude to death Fear of death - 47 - 16 - 63 - 41 Belief in life after death 36 16 42 16 Others Interest in meaning of life 52 33 89 66 Understanding oneself 58 8 63 58 Appreciation of ordinary things 78 41 84 50 NDE =near - death experience .
The sums of all individual scores per item are reported in the same 38 patients who had both follow - up interviews .
Participants responded in a five - point scale indicating whether and to what degree they had changed : strongly increased ( +2 ) , somewhat increased ( +1 ) , no change ( 0 ) , somewhat decreased ( - 1 ) , and strongly decreased ( - 2 ) .
Only in the reported 13 ( of 34 ) items in this table were significant differences found in life - change scores in the interview after 2 years ( table 4 ) .
Table 5 : Total sum of individual life - change inventory scores16 of patients at 2 - year and 8 - year follow - up
Our results show that medical factors cannot account for occurrence of NDE ; although all patients had been clinically dead , most did not have NDE .
Furthermore , seriousness of the crisis was not related to occurrence or depth of the experience .
If purely physiological factors resulting from cerebral anoxia caused NDE , most of our patients should have had this experience .
Patients ' medication was also unrelated to frequency of NDE .
Psychological factors are unlikely to be important as fear was not associated with NDE .
The 18 % frequency of NDE that we noted is lower than reported in retrospective studies , 1,8 which could be because our prospective study design prevented self - selection of patients .
Our frequency of NDE is low despite our wide definition of the experience .
Only 12 % of patients had a core NDE , and this figure might be an overestimate .
When we analysed our results , we noted that one hospital that participated in the study for nearly 4 years , and from which 137 patients were included , reported a significantly ( p=0·01 ) lower percentage of NDE ( 8 % ) , and significantly ( p=0·05 ) fewer deep experiences .
Therefore , possibly some selection of patients occurred in the other hospitals , which sometimes only took part for a few months .
In a prospective study17 with the same design as ours , 6 % of 63 survivors of cardiac arrest reported a core experience , and another 5 % had memories with features of an NDE ( low score in our study ) ; thus , with our wide definition of the experience , 11 % of these patients reported an NDE .
Therefore , true frequency of the experience is likely to be about 10 % , or 5 % if based on number of resuscitations rather than number of resuscitated patients .
Patients who survive several CPRs in hospital have a significantly higher chance of NDE ( table 3 ) .
We noted that the frequency of NDE was higher in people younger than 60 years than in older people .
In other studies , mean age at NDE is lower than our estimate ( 62·2 years ) and the frequency of the experience is higher .
Morse10 saw 85 % NDE in children , Ring1 noted 48 % NDE in people with a mean age of 37 years , and Sabom8 saw 43 % NDE in people with a mean age of 49 years ; thus , age and the frequency of the experience seem to be associated .
Other retrospective studies have noted a younger mean age for NDE : 32 years , 9 29 years , 6 and 22 years .
11 Cardiac arrest was the cause of the experience in most patients in Sabom 's8 study , whereas this was the case in only a low percentage of patients in other work .
We saw that people surviving CPR outside hospital ( who underwent deeper NDE than other patients ) tended to be younger , as were those who survived cardiac arrest in a first myocardial infarction ( more frequent NDE ) , which indicates that age was probably decisive in the significant relation noted with those factors .
In a study of mortality in patients after resuscitation outside hospital , 18 chances of survival increased in people younger than 60 years and in those undergoing first myocardial infarction , which corresponds with our findings .
Older people have a smaller chance of cerebral recovery after difficult and complicated resuscitation after cardiac arrest .
Younger patients have a better chance of surviving a cardiac arrest , and thus , to describe their experience .
In a study of 11 patients after CPR , the person that had an NDE was significantly younger than other patients who did not have such an experience .
19 Greyson7 also noted a higher frequency of NDE and significantly deeper experiences at younger ages , as did Ring . 1
Good short - term memory seems to be essential for remembering NDE .
Patients with memory defects after prolonged resuscitation reported fewer experiences than other patients in our study .
Forgetting or repressing such experiences in the first days after CPR was unlikely to have occurred in the remaining patients , because no relation was found between frequency of NDE and date of first interview .
However , at 2 - year follow - up , two patients remembered a core NDE and two an NDE that consisted of only positive emotions that they had not reported shortly after CPR , presumably because of memory defects at that time .
It is remarkable that people could recall their NDE almost exactly after 2 and 8 years .
Unlike our results , an inverse correlation between foreknowledge and frequency of NDE has been shown .
1,8
Our finding that women have deeper experiences than men has been confirmed in two other studies , 1,7 although in one , 7 only in those cases in which women had an NDE resulting from disease .
The elements of NDE that we noted ( table 2 ) correspond with those in other studies based on Ring 's1 classification .
Greyson20 constructed the NDE scale differently to Ring , 1 but both scoring systems are strongly correlated ( r=0·90 ) .
Yet , reliable comparisons are nearly impossible between retrospective studies that included selection of patients , unreliable medical records , and used different criteria for NDE,12 and our prospective study .
Our longitudinal follow - up research into transformational processes after NDE confirms the transformation described by many others .1-3,8,10,13-16,21
Several of these investigations included a control group to enable study of differences in transformation , 14 but in our research , patients were interviewed three times during 8 years , with a matched control group .
Our findings show that this process of change after NDE tends to take several years to consolidate .
Presumably , besides possible internal psychological processes , one reason for this has to do with society 's negative response to NDE , which leads individuals to deny or suppress their experience for fear of rejection or ridicule .
Thus , social conditioning causes NDE to be traumatic , although in itself it is not a psychotraumatic experience .
As a result , the effects of the experience can be delayed for years , and only gradually and with difficulty is an NDE accepted and integrated .
Furthermore , the longlasting transformational effects of an experience that lasts for only a few minutes of cardiac arrest is a surprising and unexpected finding .
One limitation of our study is that our study group were all Dutch cardiac patients , who were generally older than groups in other studies .
Therefore , our frequency of NDE might not be representative of all cases -- eg , a higher frequency could be expected with younger samples , or rates might vary in other populations .
Also , the rates for NDE could differ in people who survive near - death episodes that come about by different causes , such as near drowning , near fatal car crashes with cerebral trauma , and electrocution .
However , rigorous prospective studies would be almost impossible in many such cases .
Several theories have been proposed to explain NDE .
We did not show that psychological , neurophysiological , or physiological factors caused these experiences after cardiac arrest .
Sabom22 mentions a young American woman who had complications during brain surgery for a cerebral aneurysm .
The EEG of her cortex and brainstem had become totally flat .
After the operation , which was eventually successful , this patient proved to have had a very deep NDE , including an out - of - body experience , with subsequently verified observations during the period of the flat EEG .
And yet , neurophysiological processes must play some part in NDE .
Similar experiences can be induced through electrical stimulation of the temporal lobe ( and hence of the hippocampus ) during neurosurgery for epilepsy , 23 with high carbon dioxide levels ( hypercarbia ) , 24 and in decreased cerebral perfusion resulting in local cerebral hypoxia as in rapid acceleration during training of fighter pilots , 25 or as in hyperventilation followed by valsalva manoeuvre .
4
Ketamine - induced experiences resulting from blockage of the NMDA receptor ,26 and the role of endorphin , serotonin , and enkephalin have also been mentioned , 27 as have near - death - like experiences after the use of LSD,28 psilocarpine , and mescaline .
21
These induced experiences can consist of unconsciousness , out - of - body experiences , and perception of light or flashes of recollection from the past .
These recollections , however , consist of fragmented and random memories unlike the panoramic life - review that can occur in NDE .
Further , transformational processes with changing life - insight and disappearance of fear of death are rarely reported after induced experiences .
Thus , induced experiences are not identical to NDE , and so , besides age , an unknown mechanism causes NDE by stimulation of neurophysiological and neurohumoral processes at a subcellular level in the brain in only a few cases during a critical situation such as clinical death .
These processes might also determine whether the experience reaches consciousness and can be recollected .
With lack of evidence for any other theories for NDE , the thus far assumed , but never proven , concept that consciousness and memories are localised in the brain should be discussed .
How could a clear consciousness outside one 's body be experienced at the moment that the brain no longer functions during a period of clinical death with flat EEG ?
22
Also , in cardiac arrest the EEG usually becomes flat in most cases within about 10 s from onset of syncope .
29,30 Furthermore , blind people have described veridical perception during out - of - body experiences at the time of this experience .
31 NDE pushes at the limits of medical ideas about the range of human consciousness and the mind - brain relation .
Another theory holds that NDE might be a changing state of consciousness ( transcendence ) , in which identity , cognition , and emotion function independently from the unconscious body , but retain the possibility of non-sensory perception .
7,8,22,28,31 Research should be concentrated on the effort to explain scientifically the occurrence and content of NDE .
Research should be focused on certain specific elements of NDE , such as out - of - body experiences and other verifiable aspects .
Finally , the theory and background of transcendence should be included as a part of an explanatory framework for these experiences .
Contributors
Pim van Lommel coordinated the first interviews and was responsible for collecting all demographic , medical , and pharmacological data .
Pim van Lommel , Ruud van Wees , and Vincent Meyers rated the first interview .
Ruud van Wees and Vincent Meyers coordinated the second interviews .
Ruud van
Wees did statistical analysis of the first and second interviews .
Ingrid Elfferich did the third interviews and analysed these results .
Acknowledgments
We thank nursing and medical staff of the hospitals involved in the research ; volunteers of the International Association of Near Death Studies ; IANDS - Netherlands ; Merkawah Foundation for arranging interviews , and typing the second and third interviews ; Martin Meyers for help with translation ; and Kenneth Ring and Bruce Greyson for review of the article .
On a coastal plain near Camarillo not far from a U.S. Navy base and an outlet mall , the future of California farming is taking shape .
Rising out of verdant acres of strawberries and artichokes between Highway 101 and the Pacific Ocean in Ventura County are two mammoth , high - tech greenhouses .
Climate change is a serious threat to California ’s $ 36 - billion agricultural economy .
The farming company behind this $ 50 - million complex sees it as insurance against perpetual drought , volatile fossil fuel prices and resilient pests .
The facility generates its own renewable power .
It hoards rainwater .
It hosts its own bumblebees for pollination .
And it requires a fraction of the chemicals used in neighboring fields to coax plants to produce like champions .
Advertisement
This fledgling movement to grow food crops in closed , sustainable environments could become as revolutionary to farming in the 21st century as California ’s development of massive farms was in the 20th , agriculture experts say .
“ We are doing all of this not only because it will be good for our business but because it will be good for everyone else , ” said Casey Houweling , president of Houweling Nurseries , the Canadian farming company that is cultivating tomatoes at the facility , which will be fully operational in June .
The son of a Dutch immigrant farmer , the 51 - year - old Houweling has helped build his family ’s agricultural business into one of the largest greenhouse - based growers in North America .
But the California facility is no ordinary hothouse .
On a recent afternoon , he was eager to show visitors clusters of plump , sweet tomatoes hanging overhead from vines that reach high into the rafters .
This arrangement allows the farm ’s 450 permanent employees to climb ladders to pick the fruit instead of stooping .
The plants , which are fed individually through tubing that looks like intravenous hospital equipment , produce 20 times more fruit per acre than in conventional field production .
Advertisement
Virtually nothing is wasted in this ecosystem .
Workers have dug a four - acre pond to store rainwater and runoff .
This water , along with condensation , is collected , filtered and recirculated back to each of the 20 - acre greenhouses .
That has cut water use to less than one - fifth of that required in conventional field cultivation .
Fertilizer use has been reduced by half .
There are no herbicides and almost no pesticides , and there is no dust .
Five - acres of photovoltaic solar cells supply much of the electricity to run pumps and climate controls .
Thermal systems collect solar heat and warehouse refrigeration exhaust to warm the greenhouses on cool evenings .
Together , the two systems generate 2.1 megawatts of electricity , enough to power 1,500 homes .
“ We believe this is the first greenhouse in the world that is energy neutral , ” Houweling said .
Houweling envisions a day when greenhouses dot California ’s lush coastal plains , taking advantage of the abundant sunlight to grow thirsty crops such as lettuce and strawberries , using renewable energy to reduce their burden on the environment .
Advertisement
Until recently , that was a pipe dream .
The cost of heating and cooling these structures was prohibitive for all but the highest - value specialty produce .
The nation grows less than $ 1 billion worth of greenhouse fruits and vegetables annually .
But the rising expense of traditional farming is fast narrowing the cost gap .
California farmers are coping with years of drought .
They ’re also grappling with land degradation , an unstable migrant workforce and rising shipping costs .
“ We are closer to parity than we have ever been , ” said Gene Giacomelli , a professor of agriculture and biosystems engineering at the University of Arizona in Tucson .
Houweling ’s greenhouses are at the leading edge of the type of facilities farmers will increasingly rely on for production , Giacomelli said .
Advertisement
Designed by Kubo Greenhouse Projects , a Dutch company , the temperature - and humidity - controlled glass - sheeted farm is expected to produce 482 tons of tomatoes per acre , 15 % more than Houweling ’s previous generation of greenhouses .
The plants live far longer than field crops and are replaced every six months .
Still , a shift to more greenhouse farming will be slow .
“ Houweling is doing the demonstration , ” Giacomelli said .
“ He is going to have to prove to himself and his banker that this is the way to go . ”
Although they need just a fraction of the land taken up by conventional farming , greenhouses require far greater capital investment .
The expansion to Houweling ’s Camarillo farm -- which includes the two greenhouses ; the climate , energy and environmental technology ; and a new packing plant -- amounts to about $ 1 million an acre , not including the land .
Advertisement
Houweling said he expected the investment to take as long as 10 years to pay off , depending on the price of tomatoes .
More tomato - linked salmonella scares and bad weather during the growing season in Florida would shorten the pay - back period .
Other entrepreneurs are likely to launch into hothouses on a smaller scale , building facilities in urban areas near New York and Chicago to supply produce to local farmers markets , Giacomelli said .
These farms will have to be energy efficient -- tapped into renewable or co-generation energy -- to deal with the colder fall and spring climates , and they wo n’t be year - round .
There is n’t enough sunlight from November through February to grow hothouse crops in big enough volume to pay for the heating bill .
Yet such small greenhouse farms , and the potential for even smaller , urban rooftop hothouses , will help provide for locally grown produce outside the traditional growing season in these regions , Giacomelli said .
Advertisement
Even so , California will probably become the center of greenhouse agriculture .
With more than 300 days of sunshine annually , the climate provides an ideal year - round growing opportunity and keeps volumes high .
Mild weather limits heating and cooling expenses .
California ’s existing farm infrastructure also gives it an advantage over other locales .
“ California always does agriculture big , ” said Giacomelli , “ and it will do this big too . ”
--
jerry.hirsch@latimes.com
Doug Mahugh
7/17/2020
5 minutes to read
In this article
Microsoft Interoperability Team
Over the weekend , I attended my first WordPress event : WordCamp Victoria 2012 .
It was a great ...
Author : Doug Mahugh Date : 01/16/2012
As expected , OASIS members have approved ODF 1.2 as an OASIS Standard .
Although the official ...
Author : Doug Mahugh Date : 10/01/2011
I ’ve heard from a couple of people who have noticed that the Document Interoperability Initiative ...
Author : Doug Mahugh Date : 07/13/2011
My colleagues on the Office Interoperability team have been hard at work on a tool that will help ...
Author : Doug Mahugh Date : 07/13/2011
The first release of libOPC , a new API for Open XML development , was published on Codeplex last ...
Author : Doug Mahugh Date : 04/19/2011
Eric
White posted yesterday release V2 of his simple Open XML document generation system , a ...
Author : Doug Mahugh Date : 03/30/2011
I attended the XML Prague conference over the weekend , where I had the opportunity to see some great ...
Author : Doug Mahugh Date : 03/29/2011
When we implemented support for ODF in Office 2007 , we decided to not support the limited ...
Author : Doug Mahugh Date : 03/16/2011
There ’s a fundamental challenge that many standards maintenance groups and standards ...
Author : Doug Mahugh Date : 12/22/2010
The Office interoperability team will host a Binary File Format Plugfest on October 19th and 20th in ...
Author : Doug Mahugh Date : 08/18/2010
I blogged recently about the upcoming digital signatures DII workshop , which will take place in ...
Author : Doug Mahugh Date : 05/26/2010
Here ’s another Plugfest event coming up here in Redmond to let everyone know about .
It ’s a ...
Author : Doug Mahugh Date : 04/28/2010
The next DII workshop will be on June 8 , 2010 in Redmond .
This event will focus on digital ...
Author : Doug Mahugh Date : 04/27/2010
The SC34 plenary and working - group meetings took place in Stockholm last week , hosted by Swedish ...
Author : Doug Mahugh Date : 03/29/2010
Arthur C. Clarke famously wrote that “ any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from ...
Author : Doug Mahugh Date : 11/24/2009
One of the more interesting aspects of my job is meeting people who are developing software that ...
Author : Doug Mahugh Date : 11/18/2009
Last week I participated in the DII workshop that took place in Brussels .
Attendees included a ...
Author : Doug Mahugh Date : 11/17/2009
I ’ve spent the last week in the city of Orvieto , perched atop a hill in Umbria , Italy .
Monday and ...
Author : Doug Mahugh Date : 11/07/2009
The next DII ( Document Interoperability Initiative ) workshop will take place in Brussels on November ...
Author : Doug Mahugh Date : 10/13/2009
If you ’re using the Office 2010 Technical Preview and you ’re the type of person who likes to look ...
Author : Doug Mahugh Date : 09/23/2009
We ’ll be hosting another DII workshop soon , and this one will be of special interest to those who ...
Author : Doug Mahugh Date : 07/21/2009
I recently returned from a long business trip , and while working through my email backlog I ’ve come ...
Author : Doug Mahugh Date : 07/09/2009
The posts on this blog are based on my personal perspective , which may or may not reflect official ...
Author : Doug Mahugh Date : 05/20/2009
When I blogged about the release of SP2 with ODF support two weeks ago , I mentioned that I was ...
Author : Doug Mahugh Date : 05/14/2009
Does 1 plus 2 equal 3 ?
After last week ’s sometimes acrimonious discussion about formulas in ODF , you ...
Author : Doug Mahugh Date : 05/10/2009
Rob Weir posted on his blog a couple of days ago an Update on ODF Spreadsheet ...
Author : Doug Mahugh Date : 05/05/2009
PHPPowerPoint 0.1.0 was released last week , as an open - source PHP API for generating PPTX files , ...
Author : Doug Mahugh Date : 05/04/2009
For those of us on the Office Interoperability team , as well as our colleagues throughout Office , ...
Author : Doug Mahugh Date : 04/28/2009
The INCITS Executive Board has approved the adoption of ISO / IEC IS29500 ( Office Open XML ) as an ...
Author : Doug Mahugh Date : 04/17/2009
I ’m pleased to announce that another DII workshop is coming soon .
The last two events took ...
Author : Doug Mahugh Date : 04/09/2009
We had three days of WG4 face - to - face meetings in Prague last week , followed by the SC34 plenary on ...
Author : Doug Mahugh Date : 03/30/2009
I ’m here at the WG4 meeting in Prague this week , working on IS29500 maintenance with the other ...
Author : Doug Mahugh Date : 03/25/2009
The ODF TC has published Committee Draft 01 for ODF 1.2 .
This is not the official public - review ...
Author : Doug Mahugh Date : 03/02/2009
It ’s been interesting to be a part of the ODF TC and learn about how an OASIS working group handles ...
Author : Doug Mahugh Date : 02/19/2009
I 'm at Sea - Tac waiting to board my flight to the WG4 / WG5 meetings in Okinawa this week , and decided ...
Author : Doug Mahugh Date : 01/25/2009
Today we 've published another set of document - format implementation notes , this time for the ...
Author : Doug Mahugh Date : 01/16/2009
I 've started testing interoperability between various document - format implementations , and have ...
Author : Doug Mahugh Date : 01/15/2009
Man , it 's already the second week of 2009 .
Where does the time go ?
Here are a few links to posts and ...
Author : Doug Mahugh Date : 01/12/2009
The Ecma General Assembly met on December 4 , and one of the matters they addressed was publication ...
Author : Doug Mahugh Date : 12/17/2008
Next >
OK , OK , I have an admission to make , and no better place than to do it here .
For the last several weeks , I 've been mouthing off at how terrible the trailers to New Trek looked ( well , they were terrible ) and then jumping to what seemed like a fair conclusion that the movie would likewise be terrible .
I was wrong .
I went last night to my local AMC — skipping the $ 6.50 surcharge for the so - called IMAX Experience screening and instead watched it on a " standard " screen — and I was blown away * .
I mean , I am as Old Trek as you can get ( as in I experienced TOS when it was still in original airings — yeah , that old .
Anyway , the movie was simply fabulous .
OK , enough " for the record " conscience clearing nonsense .
Now please carry on with talks about astronauts .
* Well , the actor who played Bones did not impress me , but the rest , even Chris Pine , were just right .
[ Get it ?
That 's our president , Barack Obama , at a Five Guys burger shack in Washington DC , pickin ' up lunch for everyone like a real regular fellow ; image via Getty ]
Meg Whitman the former chief executive officer of Ebay will be running for governor of California according to sources close to Whitman .
Whitman , a 52 year old Republican is assembling a team to manager her campaign and should be announcing her candidacy as early as next month .
In preparation for her political ambitions Whitman resigned from the board of directors of EBay , Proctoer & Gamble , and DreamWorks Animation .
Whitman is a lesser known candidate in the up and coming 2010 Governor race and will be going against Steve Poinzer , current California Insurance Commissioner and other potential candidates such as U.S. Senator Dianne Feinstein and possibly Attorney General and former Governor Jerry Brown ; both Democrats .
Candidates running for the 2010 Governor position will not have to worry about running against the current Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger due to term - limit laws but will have to deal with California ’s current economic , social and enviromental challenges .
Whitman will be the second Ebay executive to seek the governor ’s office following Steve Westly .
Historical Items on eBay
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Tags : Arnold Schwarzenegger , Democrats , Dianne Feinstein , DreamWorks , eBay , governor , Governor of California , Jerry Brown , Meg Whitman , political , Proctoer & Gamble , Republican , Steve Poinzer , Steve Westly
In April 2007 , Paul Ross Evans , who still dares to call himself " pro-life , " planted a bomb containing two pounds of nails in the parking lot of the Austin ( Texas ) Women 's Health Center .
Nail - bombs are especially nasty items in the terrorist 's arsenal .
They kill and maim indiscriminately .
If the bomb had gone off , the victims could have been anyone , patients at the clinic or passersby , doctors or toddlers .
It did n't matter to Evans .
In his view , what he sought to achieve rose above petty conventional morality .
Fortunately , in this case , the bomb did not explode .
And today Evans is serving 40 years in the federal pen at McCreary , Kentucky .
He 's glorified as a prisoner for God at several web sites .
These domestic terrorists did n't just get started .
Since the 1970s they 've burned and bombed , attacked with acid , and , of course , murdered .
The pro-choice National Abortion Federation has documented more than 6000 such acts of violence or attempted acts since 1977 , although some violence occurred even earlier .
You can see examples here .
Eight doctors , clinic workers or volunteers have been murdered , and several others have been wounded .
Death threats number in the hundreds .
For obvious reasons , they are taken seriously .
Many doctors who provide abortions wear bullet - proof vests .
Tiller often did , although he was not wearing his yesterday morning .
Not that a vest will necessarily protect a doctor who wears it all the time .
As Dr. Warren Hern , a Colorado physician who has been providing abortions in Boulder since 1974 , told the Los Angeles Times :
" I think [ Tiller 's murder is ] the inevitable consequence of more than 35 years of constant antiabortion terrorism , harassment and violence , " he said .
" I get messages from these people saying , ' Do n't bother wearing a bulletproof vest , we 're going for a head shot . ' "
Consequent to the murder of Dr. David Gunn in Pensacola , Florida , in March 1993 , Congress passed the Freedom of Access to Clinic Entrances Act .
The law banned " force , threat of force or physical obstruction " to patients and clinic workers .
This helped reduce confrontations and intimidation outside clinics , where volunteers often had had to escort patients through lines of screaming , grabbing protesters .
But the law has n't stopped fanatics from continuing their violent outlawry .
Much of the media present those who are caught and convicted for their crimes as lone nuts , fringe types , the kinds of people who would be committing violence even if abortion were n't an issue .
While it is undoubtedly true that some people who shoot doctors and burn clinics are , to euphemize , " unstable , " those caught and convicted for their crimes collect plenty of cheers from fans of this approach to crushing reproductive freedom .
They are not alone .
And while they operate from the shadows , their accomplices do not .
As we have seen , propagandists such as Bill O'Reilly , Randall Terry and their ilk incite these terrorists to their violence .
Then they deny that the intent of their bombastic verbal assaults had anything at all to do with outcomes like those that occurred in Kansas yesterday or Pensacola 16 years ago , or hundreds of other instances .
Even their apologies - delivered with solemn disavowals of violence - reverberate with their true feelings in these matters .
As Contributing Editor Jed Lewison wrote earlier today :
... what they say now , in an effort to be politically correct , is far less important than what they said then , when they were n't nearly as circumspect about revealing their true mission : waging jihad against reproductive freedom .
Dr. Tiller 's blood is on their hands .
All their smarmy protestations of innocence will not scrub it away .
[ Haskell - cafe ] ANN : atom - 0.0.3
I pushed out a new version of atom that incorporates some of John 's recommendations ( thanks John ) .
And it ships with a slightly better example .
The release also includes means to extract code coverage to track which atom rules have fired during testing .
- Tom http://hackage.haskell.org/cgi-bin/hackage-scripts/package/atom
On Tue , May 5 , 2009 at 4:06 AM , John Van Enk < vanenkj at gmail.com > wrote : >
If any one has been looking at this and wants another example , I 've finished > two posts on the topic of Atom. > >
These posts depend on a patch : >
http://code.sw17ch.com/blog/atom/atom_0.0.2_sw17ch_1.diff > > Part 1 : http://blog.sw17ch.com/wordpress/?p=84 <- Brief discussion and > describes the patch >
Part 2 : http://blog.sw17ch.com/wordpress/?p=111 <-
Writing a program to > blink an LED . > >
Feed back would be appreciated ! > > /jve > >
On Sun , Apr 26 , 2009 at 4:39 PM , Tom Hawkins < tomahawkins at gmail.com > wrote : >> >>
Atom is a DSL in Haskell for designed hard realtime embedded programs .
>>
At Eaton , we are using it to control hydraulic hybrid refuse trucks >> and shuttle buses .
After my talk at CUFP >> ( http://cufp.galois.com/2008/schedule.html), a few people inquired >> about atom -- I finally had a chance to upload it to Hackage . >> >>
http://hackage.haskell.org/cgi-bin/hackage-scripts/package/atom-0.0.2 >> >>
Some new enhancements : >> -
A simple rule scheduler for load balancing . >>
- Signal probing for debug and data logging . >>
- Functional coverage to monitor which rules have executed . >>
- Started integration with the Yices SMT solver for bounded model >> checking . >> >>
Experiences with our Eaton project : >> - 5 K lines of Haskell / atom replaced 120 K lines of matlab , simulink , >> and visual basic . >> - 2 months to port simulink design to atom . >> - 3 K lines of atom generates 22 K lines of embedded C. >> - Design composed of 450 atomic state transition rules . >> - Rules with execution periods from 1 ms to 10s all scheduled at >> compile time to a 1 ms main loop .
>> - 3 minute compilation time from atom source to ECU . >> -
Atom design clears electronic / sw testing on first pass . >>
- Currently in vehicle testing with no major issues . >> >> >>
Tom >>
_______________________________________________ >>
Haskell - Cafe mailing list >>
Haskell - Cafe at haskell.org >>
http://www.haskell.org/mailman/listinfo/haskell-cafe > >
Thomas Penzel studies sleep at the Charite Hospital in Berlin .
He knows best about senile insomnia and tired ballerinas .
However , that only covers two of 88 sleep disorders .
We can't survive long with total sleep withdrawal , but we usually catch up on missed sleep sooner or later – with microsleep .
When a night of peaceful sleep evades you , the day ahead may be a long and dreary one
Anzeige
DIE WELT : Last night I slept for eight hours and I 'm still tired .
What 's going on ?
Thomas Penzel : Maybe you are n't getting enough sleep .
Eight hours - not enough ?
Anzeige
Penzel :
There are people who need 12 hours of sleep and others who only need four .
Everyone has an individual sleep rhythm .
Then how does one test how much sleep one really needs ?
Penzel : Check it out when you 're on holiday .
Actually , very few people know how much sleep they need .
One has to be able to differentiate between fatigue and sleepiness .
Fatigue means being weak and exhausted , which can also be a result of too much work .
If I 'm sleepy , I can hardly resist the urge to fall asleep .
Sleepiness comes about from disturbed sleep or too little sleep , fatigue comes about from stress or other factors .
Anzeige
Do our sleeping requirements change during the course of our lives ?
Penzel : Not really .
Of course , babies need sixteen hours , and during puberty adolescents also need more sleep .
But otherwise it remains relatively stable .
And what about senile insomnia ?
Anzeige
Penzel :
It 's uncommon , and definitely linked to the length of sleep .
Older people just spread their sleep differently during the course of the day .
They have a little nap in the afternoon , for instance .
From the age of twenty , the time we spend sleeping only reduces by a few minutes .
And does it makes sense to have an afternoon nap ?
Penzel : Definitely .
Especially when we do n't get enough sleep at night .
Unfortunately , however , we usually do n't manage that .
We recently carried out a study with the Berlin State Ballet .
The dancers have the problem that they do n't get enough sleep at night and as a consequence exhaustion can lead to accidents at work .
That 's why we looked at their sleep
behaviour .
Generally the dancers are under great pressure physically and mentally to perform at their maximum level .
They work to full capacity for shows and often they only get to bed at one or two .
And in the morning the training starts all over again .
The dancers definitely do n't get enough sleep , they 're sleepy and unconcentrated .
They themselves , however , do n't think they have a sleep deficit .
Hence the accidents .
What did you suggest to them ?
Penzel :
We suggested they introduce a relaxation room , which they did .
Behind the rehearsal room , with four beds .
They are now allowed to take some time out .
To lie down , listen to music , read - or sleep .
The room is also used .
They relax .
And there are less accidents .
How long can one survive without sleep ?
Anzeige
Penzel :
Not very long .
We catch up on lost sleep sooner or later with microsleep .
We carried out experiments with sleep withdrawl to see what kind of an effect it has .
Reactions , memory capacity , everything slows down really fast .
Already after the first night .
One can't ever not sleep again .
Penzel : Sleep is a semi-automatic system that we can paritally influence , a combination of behaviour and necessity .
Just as breathing is semi-automatic .
The heart is entirely automatic , whether we want it or not , the heart always beats .
Breathing I can control to a certain degree .
I can hold my breath , for instance .
But I can't say that I 'm going to stop breathing and that 's it .
With sleep it is exactly the same .
Sleep is a necessity , but we can modulate it .
We can say , tonight I want to party the night through .
That works .
Your novel " Schlafes Bruder " is about committing suicide by never going to sleep again .
Can one do that ?
Penzel : No .
Even after a long period of sleep withdrawl one would n't die from a lack of sleep .
After a certain point the immune system would just be so run down that one would pick up infections .
And that 's what one would die from .
Can one also sleep too much ?
Penzel : Yes , but that 's very unusual .
Too much sleep can lead to depression , and in turn depression can make you sleepy .
It can become a difficult vicious circle to break .
Can one catch up on sleep ?
Anzeige
Penzel : Catch up , yes , but one can't " sleep ahead " .
What are the typical complaints of people go to the sleep laboratory at the Charite ?
Penzel : Today we know of 88 types of sleep disorders .
They are divided into insomnia , in other words sleeplessness , and hypersomnia , in other words , sleepiness during the day .
Then there are also parasomias , sleep disorders such as grinding ones teeth , nightmares , or circadian sleep - wake disorders that occur , for instance , with shift work .
And what is the most common ?
Penzel : Insomnia and hypersomnia occur just as frequently , up to 20 percent of people in Germany complain about occassional sleeplessness , or rather , excessive sleepiness .
However , only one to two percent of these people can be treated .
With how many patients is the cause of the disturbance mental ?
Anzeige
Penzel : About 50 percent of patients with sleep disorders .
Is it because for a long time sleep research was not considered a discipline in itself ?
Penzel : Sleep research has been around for quite some time .
In Jena at the turn of the century Hans Berger already carried out sleep research when he established that the brainwaves change during sleep .
Sleep research gained particular
significance around the time of the world wars , with concern to performance and with how little sleep the soldiers could function .
But that it all became sleep medicine and one said that someone who was suffering from sleepiness needed treatment , that 's really new .
That 's only been around since1960 .
1970 and only really seriously since the 90s .
No one ever thought to look at sleep .
People thought : Nothing happens there .
In the meantime people generally observe their sleep really intensively .
Penzel : Yes , but that is n't just because of the psyche .
Civilization diseases like high blood pressure appear along with sleep disorders .
Sleeping pills are also more common in the industrial countries .
The observation of sleep is growing because the day is so important .
I have to function well during the day , so I also have to function well at night .
Penzel :
We call that sleep hygiene .
Avoid heavy meals in the evening , no or just a little alcohol , regular bedtimes , adopt rituals , write down problems , so that one does n't carry them all to bed .
Do n't watch TV in bed , separate work space and bedroom .
It must be clear : Now it 's time to sleep .
And when that does n't work ?
Penzel : Get up , go out , do something else .
And wait , until you become sleepy .
Count sheep ?
Penzel : Depends .
Once can .
But some people miscount , get worked up and become angry .
In that case its counterproductive .
Then rather do n't count sheep .
Is there good and bad sleep ?
Penzel : Sure .
During sleep the body runs through a programme .
You lie awake for five to ten minutes , then you fall asleep , then the body enters a phase of light sleep , which also lasts about five to ten minutes , and then deep sleep begins , which lasts about half an hour .
Then follows the so - called REM , the first dream phase .
Then the whole process repeats itself .
A sleep cyles lasts about 90 minutes .
In between one always wakes up , but that is n't a problem .
You only remember when you stay awake for longer .
That 's what gives you the subjective feeling of having slept poorly .
Is it really only subjectively imagined ?
Penzel :
We have limits .
In the sleep laboratory we see how long someone was awake during the night .
When it 's more than 15 percent , the person slept badly .
Do sleepwalkers take off as soon as they start dreaming ?
Penzel :
There are two types of sleepwalkers .
There is the sleepwalker who , during the dream phase , gets up and starts moving furniture , and - dangerously - can start hitting someone or inflict self - harm .
That 's the so - called REM sleep behaviour disorder , a newly described , very fascinating matter .
And then there is the other type of sleepwalking that we recognise from storybooks - the person who always heads straight for the roof .
It is a really stereotypically , monotone behaviour , like a steam engine .
This occurs during deep sleep .
Should one lock the window ?
Is one allowed to wake up a sleepwalker ?
Penzel :
Of course you 're allowed to , you can wake up anyone .
They will just be confused .
It would be better to just guide them back to bed .
And locking up : Yes .
There are people who can empry out a fridge during the dream sleep phase .
Has a sleepwalker ever killed someone ?
Penzel :
There are at least trials about that .
Someone claimed to have shot someone while sleepwalking .
There are then studies , to see whether the person is really a sleepwalker or if that person is just making it up .
When that 's the case and the person really tends toward complex motion sequences , its an exculpatory argument .
Despite that , of course no one is allowed to kill anyone .
The person will probably be confined to a psychiatric clinic .
Are there people who can sleep while they are standing ?
Penzel :
Yes , falling asleep on your feet can happen .
But you do n't enter a deep sleep .
At a certain point your muscles relax so much that you just collapse .
Sleep and death are often compared - rightly so ?
Penzel : I personally find that really bad .
As a consequence of this sleep was neglected by science for a long time .
The doctor examined sick patients during the day but never at night .
But it can't work like this .
Is dying like falling asleep ?
Penzel :
Only if you 're really lucky .
Back to English News homepage
• Members of Congress were chasing profits while making policy
With Sabrina Eaton
WASHINGTON --
As financial markets tumbled and the government worked to stave off panic by pumping billions of dollars into banks last fall , several members of Congress who oversee the banking industry were grabbing up or dumping bank stocks .
Anticipating bargains or profits or just trying to unload before the bottom fell out , these members of the House Financial Services Committee or brokers on their behalf were buying and selling stocks including Bank of America and Citigroup -- some of the very corporations their committee would later rap for greed , a Plain Dealer examination of congressional stock market transactions shows .
Financial disclosure records show that some of these Financial Services Committee members , including Ohio Rep. Charlie Wilson , made bank stock trades on the same day the banks were getting a government bailout from a program Congress approved .
The transactions may not have been illegal or against congressional rules , but securities attorneys and congressional watchdog groups say they raise flags about the appearance of conflicts of interest .
" I do n't think that any of these people should be owning these types of financial instruments , " said Brian Biggins , a Cleveland securities lawyer and former stock brokerage manager .
" I 'm not saying they should n't be in the stock market .
But if they 're on the banking committee and trading in these kinds of stocks , I do n't think that 's right . "
For example , Rep. Ginny Brown - Waite , a Florida Republican , bought Citigroup stock valued between $ 1,001 and $ 15,000 on Oct. 2 , the day before the House passed the financial rescue bill and President George W. Bush signed it into law , records show .
She opposed the bill .
Eleven days later , she bought $ 1,001 to $ 15,000 worth of Bank of America stock .
It was on the same day that then - Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson told leading banks that he expected them to accept billions in bailout money to prevent a financial meltdown .
Congressional finance reports available online
Want to see how members of Congress invest their money ?
It 's easier than ever .
Personal financial disclosure filings , which list assets , transactions , outside income and noncongressional travel reimbursements , are posted for House members on the House of Representatives clerk 's Web site .
A free private Web site called LegiStorm provides the same information , as well as the financial disclosure filings of U.S. senators .
Government watchdog groups say the wide dissemination of these reports serves a vital public purpose in shedding light on Congress .
" I think that 's the critical element , that there is knowledge that this information will go public , because that adds an important deterrent effect for members of Congress who are tempted to skirt the rules or act on what 's insider information , " said Sheila Krumholz , executive director of the Center for Responsive Politics .
" And now in the midst of economic decline , citizens are understandably asking what members knew when and how they acted for their own personal portfolios -- whether they publicly professed faith in our financial institutions while privately seeking to offload their holdings in those same institutions . "
Brown - Waite , who has since left the committee to join the tax - writing Ways and Means Committee , and her spokeswoman would not comment for this article .
The precise value of her investments is not publicly known because financial disclosure reports provide only broad ranges , although some members include detailed brokerage reports .
Wilson , a Democrat from the eastern Ohio town of Bridgeport , sold between $ 15,001 and $ 50,000 worth of Huntington Bancshares stock on Nov. 14 , the same day Huntington got $ 1.4 billion in bailout money from the federal Troubled Asset Relief Program , or TARP , records show .
Wilson 's transactions over the course of last autumn also included Bank of America and BB&T , both beneficiaries of the bank rescue program that Treasury implemented after congressional passage .
Wilson 's spokeswoman said the congressman did not personally pick these trades because he leaves day - to - day investment decisions to a money manager who uses a proprietary model in selecting securities to buy or sell .
" To be clear , Mr. Wilson does n't know about the trades ahead of time or even as they 're being made , " said spokeswoman Hillary Wicai Viers .
A spokesman for Rep. Carolyn McCarthy , a New York Democrat also on the Financial Services Committee , said she similarly leaves transactions solely to the discretion of account managers .
McCarthy 's trades included a $ 2,275 purchase of bailout recipient J.P. Morgan Chase while Congress was still hammering out its rescue bill .
Another member of the Financial Services Committee , Democratic Rep. Jackie Speier of California , said on a recent financial disclosure report that she bought up to $ 15,000 in Citigroup stock on Nov. 7 .
That was 10 days after the bank got a $ 25 billion bailout .
Her office now says the report was filed in error , the transaction should have been listed as her husband 's -- and she wishes he had not made it .
" When I brought it up with her , she said it was Barry 's purchase and she did n't know about it but she would have disagreed with it at the time had she known about it , " Speier spokesman Mike Larsen said .
Her husband was n't the only committee spouse trading on bank stocks .
The stockbroker husband of West Virginia 's Shelley Moore Capito , a Republican , sold more than $ 100,000 in Citigroup stock in several transactions late last year .
His brokerage firm was owned by Citigroup and his compensation included Citigroup stock .
A Capito spokesman said the House Ethics Committee gave her verbal approval to join the committee despite her husband 's job .
Another committee member , Illinois Republican Judith Biggert , whose husband sold Wells Fargo stock while Congress was helping to shape the rescue bill , said she does not discuss stock transactions with her spouse .
" I would n't have the vaguest idea " why he sold at that time " because we do n't discuss our stocks , " said Biggert .
" We have a financial group in Chicago , and they take care of all of that . "
Some of these stock sales enabled committee members or their families to cut losses before the market continued its slide .
Other trades proved to be particularly ill - timed .
Citigroup stock , for example , closed at $ 22.50 per share the day Brown - Waite bought it .
Now it 's hovering around $ 3 .
Many details about the massive financial bailout last fall were widely known outside Capitol Hill .
Yet members of the Financial Services Committee were privy to closed - door discussions , staff briefings and political horse - trading decisions between political parties , Congress and the White House .
Banks lobbied Congress and the administration heavily .
Banks that received bailout money spent $ 77 million on lobbying and $ 37 million on federal campaign contributions last year , according to the Center for Responsive Politics .
The center found that the banks spending the heaviest got the biggest rescue packages .
There has been no direct evidence that this allowed members to engage in insider trading .
But when lawmakers overseeing banks also buy and sell bank stocks , it can create " the appearance of a problem , " said Anthony J. Hartman , a Cleveland securities attorney .
" I do a lot of different types of litigation , and I just do n't think anybody ought to be putting themselves in a situation where as an elected official , I can be suspect of what they are doing , " Hartman said .
The issue of appearances is complicated , said Melanie Sloan , executive director of Citizens for Responsibility in Ethics in Washington , because " we can't say that because you 're a member of Congress you can't buy or sell any stocks at all . "
But she added , " I do think it 's more troubling on an oversight committee , particularly Financial Services . "
The Ferrari Formula
One team has threatened to walk away from the F1 world championship at the end of this year if plans to introduce a limit on what teams are allowed to spend arent dropped .
Max Mosley , the head of the sports governing body the FIA has said that Formula One can survive without the Italian team , and I agree with him .
You see , theres a myth about Ferrari which I dont believe stands up to close scrutiny .
Its true that it is the only team to have competed in the F1 world championship every year since its inception in 1950 , but it has often done so in very mediocre fashion and by using bullying tactics .
Enzo Ferraris cars have not always delivered the goods and when they didnt he always blamed the driver .
The team were also renown for concentrating all their efforts on producing a powerful engine , which they usually did , but then neglecting the chassis in which it had to sit .
The result was an often ill - handling car which the drivers struggled with but were still blamed for not winning races .
Ferrari himself was not a very nice man by all accounts .
He played his drivers off against each other within the team , sometimes favouring one over another in order , he claimed , to get the most competitive spirit out of them .
If they crashed , he was more concerned about whether the car could be repaired than if the hapless driver had lost his life .
The team also developed a reputation for being a shambles .
Latin temperament often got the better of good judgement and it wasnt unusual to see them running around like headless chickens at a bungled pit-stop .
But of course the driver got the blame .
During the 1980s and 90s they struggled .
Until Michael
Schumacher stepped up to the block , bringing with him the successful team that had guided him to two championships at Benetton , did things look up .
When he claimed his first crown for the Scuderia in 2000 , the previous Ferrari driver to take the title had been Jody Scheckter in 1979 .
Thats 19 long years without success .
Schumacher then went on to win five more world drivers championships for the team , but we have learnt recently that , during those years , Ferrari had an exclusive agreement with the FIA , allowing them to veto any rule changes they didnt like .
Or in other words , any which might favour their rivals over them .
There had long been a belief within the F1 paddock that Ferrari was receiving preferential treatment of some sort .
Now that has been confirmed .
Stewards decisions always seemed to go in their favour , transgressions went unpunished and now we find out that they were receiving a greater slice of the prize fund than other teams , all in return for them supporting the FIA over any potentially controversial matter .
So how valid are those five titles of Schumachers ?
In my mind they will always be tainted .
And when Schumacher and the management team of Jean Todt , Ross Brawn and others left , the team reverted to its Keystone Cops routines .
Witness some of this years decisions during qualifying when one of its drivers has failed to progress beyond the first session due to team incompetence .
The teams fans , the excitable Tifosi , have always remained faithful to their beloved Ferrari through thick and thin , and for that they should be commended .
But it is my belief that no one team is bigger than the sport , even if they have been allowed to be so over the past few years .
Ferrari has always produced good sports cars .
Let it now return to sports car racing , in events such as the 24 hours of Le Mans , and leave Formula One behind .
Because frankly , we can live without them .
