A few weeks ago I gave a talk on the state of the economy to a group of college students -- almost all Barack Obama enthusiasts -- who were griping about how downright awful things are in America today .
As they sipped their Starbucks lattes and adjusted their designer sunglasses , they recited their grievances :
The country is awash in debt " that we will have to pay off " ; the middle class in shrinking ; the polar ice caps are melting ; and college is too expensive .
I 've been speaking to groups like this one for more than 20 years , ...
McCain : ' Even more convincing argument ' needed for Iran war
David Edwards and Mike Sheehan
Published : Tuesday April 15 , 2008
|
Print This Email This
' Hardball ' host Chris Matthews asked presumptive Republican presidential nominee Sen. John McCain ( R - AZ ) at a town hall - style meeting what the ' tipping point ' would be for the US to use military force against Iran .
Stressing the need for diplomacy , McCain ultimately replied , " It would have to be made clear to the overwhelming majority of Americans that there was a clear and present danger .
" If we ever have to go to the American people and send these young people in harm 's way , " said the Arizona senator , " we 're gonna to have to make an even more convincing argument that it was necessary to do so because of our failure to find weapons of mass destruction [ in Iraq ] . "
McCain did repeatedly express what he felt was Iran 's significant role behind events in the Iraq theater of war .
" I do n't think there 's any doubt about Iranian ambitions in the region , " he said .
In a lighter moment , McCain also quipped to an audience member , " We now have a pro-American president of France , which shows if you live long enough , anything can happen in this world . "
The following video can also be downloaded at this link .
As you probably know , some guy claimed he had definitive proof of the existence of aliens .
Apparently , this video is that proof .
Proof that aliens exist ( and that they are just a bunch of perverted Peeping Toms . )
I mean , they have n't returned our calls yet , and someone actually thinks they are snooping through our home windows on foot ?
Do you think this is real or more fake than alien sex doll ?
[ Thanks Brent ]
Advertisement
Update :
Here 's the official still image alien picture .
Btw , if you could n't tell , this whole thing is a joke .
It 's not the video that was shown off as the real deal alien .
Advertisement
[ Rocky Mountain ]
Engineering student Ranulf Green built an impressive Rubik ’s Cube solving robot for his final project , using a LEGO Mindstorms set and custom - programmed Java software .
That ’s not all , it uses a “ 2 phase algorithm to find a solution ( maximum of 29 moves ) . ”
Video after the break .
Click here for first picture in stills gallery .
Woman Loses Home Over $ 68 Dental Bill A woman is ' dumbfounded ' after learning her home was sold without her knowledge .
May 22 , 2008  --
Can you imagine losing your home over a $ 68 dental bill ?
That 's what happened to one Utah woman .
Sonya Capri Ramos says her Salt Lake City home was sold out from under her in 1996 to pay a collections agency seeking payment for dental work performed on one of Ramos 's daughters .
And despite the fact that she had made three years of payments on a $ 51,000 mortgage , the title changed hands for just $ 1,550 at a sheriff 's auction .
But the story does n't end there : Ramos , 41 , said she did n't find out that her home no longer belonged to her until two years after the sale .
To date , she has n't moved out .
Instead , she said she continues to make mortgage payments on the home and is fighting what has become a decade - long legal battle to reclaim ownership .
Struggling With the Economy ?
What can ABC News do or tell you that would help you live your life ?
Most recently , a state appeals court ruled against Ramos .
She and her lawyer , she said , are preparing to appeal to the state 's supreme court .
" It 's a big mess , " Ramos said .
It Began With Cavities
Ramos said she bought her three - bedroom home with her then - husband Roger Bangerter in 1993 .
The couple used a $ 51,000 loan from Salt Lake City under the city 's first - time home buyer program .
Two years later , she took her second - oldest daughter , Bailee Bangerter , to the dentist for cavity treatments on the girl 's baby teeth .
Ramos said she paid for part of the treatment , but not all of it -- a $ 68 bill remained .
Ramos said she had " all intentions " to pay the bill , but did n't .
" I wish I would have borrowed money to pay it at the time , " she said wistfully .
A collections agency , North American Recovery , eventually sued her for payment of the bill , which by 1996 had escalated to more than $ 950 , a result , Ramos said , of legal fees and other costs associated with collecting payment on the original bill .
But Ramos said she was never notified of the lawsuit and therefore did n't contest it .
A Legal Loss
With no legal defense , a judge ruled in favor of North American Recovery and ordered the local sheriff 's department to sell off Ramos 's property to satisfy the debt .
According to a 10 - page published decision by the Utah Court of Appeals , the judge ordered the sheriff " to collect the judgment , with costs , interest and fees , and to sell enough of defendant 's non-exempt real property to satisfy " the amount due .
Keith Meade , a Utah lawyer who focuses on real estate matters , said that this type of judgment typically allows some leeway for just a portion of the defendant 's property to be sold off to satisfy the debt owed , which in this case was far smaller than the value of the home .
But because the real estate at stake was Ramos 's home , which by law is considered " indivisible , " the title to the entire property was sold at auction .
Ramos 's home was sold in 1996 to Jarmaccc Properties , a Utah company , for $ 1,550 , according to the court documents .
Under the terms of such a sale , a property 's buyer -- in this case , Jarmaccc -- buys the title to the home and the right to take over the mortgage payments .
But Jarmaccc never did that because Ramos , who said she was never given notice of the sale , said she continued making the monthly mortgage payments herself .
" I continued to pay my mortgage , " she said .
" I did n't know the house was sold . "
She was effectively paying off the note on a home she no longer owned .
And for various reasons , she has continued to make payments in the 12 years since , allowing Jarmaccc the chance to eventually keep the home for just the $ 1,550 it paid at the sheriff 's auction .
Ramos estimated that she has paid more than $ 50,000 toward the principal loan plus interest , the bulk of which came after that 1996 sheriff 's sale .
A Shocking Realization
Ramos said she did n't even learn about the sale until 1998 , when Salt Lake City denied her application for a loan to do renovations on her home .
" They told me , ' You do n't even own the house , ' " she said .
" I was dumbfounded that somebody else had the title . "
But according to the court documents , a deputy sheriff signed a 1996 certificate stating that there was " due and legal notice " that the property would be sold .
Kurt Johnson , the president of the North American Collection Agency Regulatory Association and a senior investigator with the Minnesota Department of Commerce , said it was highly unusual for a collections agency to recover payments through the sale of a home that is n't facing foreclosure .
" Typically , they just put liens on the property , " he said .
" I 've never heard of it in my 20 years in Minnesota , and I 've never heard of it in any other state . "
North American Recovery 's president , David Saxton , did not return several phone calls from ABC News .
Lt. Kendra Herlin of the Salt Lake County Sheriff 's
Office said that the office generally notifies someone of a sheriff 's sale either in person or by posting a notice on the property itself .
Herlin said it was " highly unlikely " that someone would not receive notification that their home was being put up for sale .
Meade , who stressed that he has no firsthand knowledge of the specifics in Ramos 's case , said he found it difficult to believe that a person in Ramos 's position would never receive any notification .
" The thing that 's strange in my mind is her claim that she did n't know this was occurring .
I find that hard to imagine , given what has to happen , " he said .
But Ramos said that 's what happened to her .
She said the sheriff 's office used an inaccurate legal description of the house and that that kept her from learning of the sale .
" The law is simply unjust when your home can be sold to satisfy such a small debt , when other property exists that could also be sold to satisfy the debt , " said Ryan James , of Haskins & Associates , the Salt Lake City firm currently representing Ramos , in an e-mail to ABC News .
No Refuge in Bankruptcy
According to the appeals court decision , Jarmaccc Properties served Ramos , then Sonya Bangerter , with a notice instructing her to move out of her home in May 1998 .
Ramos said she never received that notice either .
That same year , Ramos said that on the advice of a previous attorney , she filed for bankruptcy in an effort to reclaim her property .
On that lawyer 's suggestion , Ramos said she structured a bankruptcy settlement that would allow her to regain the title to the house after she paid to Jarmaccc the $ 1,550 the company paid to buy the property .
But Ramos said that after she paid the company , it still would not relinquish ownership of the home .
Ralph Petty of Jarmaccc Properties did not return several calls to his office .
In 2004 , Ramos went to court again and attempted to put her name back on the home title .
The court ruled in her favor , but Jarmaccc appealed .
The Utah Court of Appeals ruled this month that Ramos could not dispute Jarmaccc 's title claim because the statute of limitations had expired .
Ramos said she will appeal to the state 's supreme court in hopes of winning the house back once and for all .
If she does not regain ownership , it is unclear whether Ramos would have any legal claim to the tens of thousands of dollars spent on mortgage payments while the home was owned by Jarmaccc .
Such cases are rare , but Utah lawyer Meade noted that while a person in Ramos 's situation may have been making mortgage payments , the holder of the home 's title could argue that it also permitted her to live rent - free , further muddying any claim she might have .
A Silver Lining ?
In the meantime , Ramos , who divorced her first husband in 1999 , continues to live in the house with her two youngest children and her second husband .
She has continued making mortgage payments and says she only has about $ 9,000 remaining to pay off the initial loan from the city .
For the last year , Ramos has been working as a home loan officer after taking part in a training program and earning a mortgage lender agent 's license from the state .
" I love it because I honestly feel like I have helped a lot of people , " she said .
But Ramos said that her newfound avocation is n't the silver lining to her housing nightmare .
" The silver lining , " she said , " will be if I get the house . "
Image by Abonoon
The following were taken yesterday ….. zionism in action .
Even the camera cried as can be seen above .
Share these photos with all ….
ISRAEL MUST NOT GET AWAY WITH THESE CRIMES .
The police say they were looking for those behind political violence Riot police in Zimbabwe have carried out raids on headquarters of independent poll monitors and the opposition MDC in the capital , Harare .
Witnesses say vote - counting material was taken from the MDC office and activists hiding there were arrested .
The Zimbabwe Election Support Network chairman told the BBC that documents and computers had been seized .
The observer group says MDC leader Morgan Tsvangirai gained the most votes in last month 's presidential election .
Officials results have not yet been released .
The Movement for Democratic Change ( MDC ) says Mr Tsvangirai won the election outright , while the Zimbabwe Election Support Network ( ZESN ) says he fell just short of the 50 % threshold to avoid a run-off .
The ruling Zanu - PF party also says there is likely to be a run-off , as no candidate gained more than 50 % of the vote .
' They took everyone ' Witnesses at the MDC raid said at least 100 opposition supporters who had been taking refuge from the authorities in its Harvest House headquarters had been arrested .
They are trying to destroy evidence of their brutality
Nelson Chamisa , MDC Computers and documents were also seized , they said .
MDC spokesman Nelson Chamisa said the activists had fled political violence .
" They took everyone in the building , including those who had come just to seek medical care .
They are trying to destroy evidence of their brutality , " Mr Chamisa said .
But police said the aim of the raid was to find those responsible for arson attacks east of Harare .
Spokesman Wayne Bvudzijena said police were screening those detained and anyone who had not committed any crimes would be freed .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
ZESN chairman Noel Kututwa told the BBC's Focus on Africa programme that the police had a search warrant to look for " subversive information likely to overthrow a constitutionally elected government " .
He said that no - one had been arrested but the body 's programme manager had been asked to go the police station to explain the role of the network .
He also said he had gone into hiding .
ZESN was the largest observer group at the 29 March election and is considered the only reliable source of information about the polls , correspondents say .
' Myopic stooges '
The MDC says its activists have been attacked around the country - with at least 10 killed - since the elections .
Many have fled to Harare and other towns , seeking medical treatment .
ZIMBABWE'S NEIGHBOURS Zimbabwe 's President Robert Mugabe has been under fire over March 's disputed elections .
His neighbours have been supportive but regional differences are now emerging .
South Africa 's President Mbeki is the key Zimbabwe mediator .
He has refused to criticise Robert Mugabe but the ruling ANC , and trade unions have urged him to take a stronger line .
Zambian President Mwanawasa has taken the region 's strongest line on Zimbabwe .
His call for Africa not to let a ship carrying weapons to Zimbabwe dock will outrage President Mugabe .
Angola 's government has close ties to Zimbabwe 's ruling party - both came to power after fighting colonial rule in the 1970s .
Botswana is not seen as an ally of Robert Mugabe .
Opposition leader Morgan Tsvangirai fled here after polls .
Namibia is a close ally of Zimbabwe - it too is planning to redistribute white - owned farms to black villagers .
Mozambique has hosted some white farmers forced from Zimbabwe and is seen as relatively sympathetic to Zimbabwe 's opposition .
Tanzania 's ruling party has a long history of close ties to Robert Mugabe 's Zanu - PF party and is unlikely to criticise him .
DR Congo's President Joseph Kabila is an ally of Robert Mugabe , who sent troops to help his father , Laurent Kabila , fight rebels .
Malawi is seen as neutral .
But some 3 m people of Malawian origin are in Zimbabwe , mostly farmworkers who have lost their jobs and were sometimes assaulted during farm invasions .
BACK NEXT 1 of 9
But the police and Zanu - PF say that no - one has died in political violence .
MDC leader Morgan Tsvangirai has fled Zimbabwe , fearing for his safety and is touring African countries , trying to persuade them to press President Robert Mugabe to step down .
The electoral commission says it cannot release the presidential results until it completes a recount in 23 of the 210 constituencies .
Three recounts of the parliamentary results have been completed - all confirmed the original results .
President Robert Mugabe 's Zanu - PF party lost control of parliament for the first time since independence in 1980 .
But if many of the results are overturned in the recount , this could change .
Meanwhile , the Herald newspaper has condemned Zimbabwe 's neighbours as " myopic stooges " for refusing to let a cargo of Chinese weapons cross their territory to landlocked Zimbabwe .
" Zimbabwe is ... under attack from the former coloniser and its allies .
As such , Zimbabwe probably needs to arm itself more than any other country in Africa today for the simple reason that it has been targeted for destabilisation by the traditional Western rabble rousers , " the Herald said .
China 's foreign ministry says the ship will now return as it cannot deliver its cargo to Zimbabwe .
But the state - owned shipping company has not confirmed this .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
grab the unicorn by the horn and ride to a realm of higher knowledge
When Jammie Thomas was found guilty of infringing the copyrights of 24 songs during a trial in Minnesota last year , a jury fined her $ 222,000 in statutory damages .
Given that the record labels arguably lost about 70 ¢ per song from her ( the amount paid by digital download stores like iTunes ) , this means that Thomas ' fine was 13,214 times the actual loss .
So when Ray Beckerman of Recording Industry vs. The People recently unearthed a case from last year in which Universal complained about having to pay a mere 10 times the actual damages in a court case of its own , critics smelled the salty tang of hypocrisy .
The case in question involves now - deceased rapper The Notorious B.I.G. , whose album Ready to Die incorporated an unlicensed sample of " Singing in the Morning " from the Ohio Players after a Hendrix sample was denied clearance .
The sample made its way onto the final album and even onto reissued albums .
Bridgeport Music and Westbound Records , which control the rights to the song , sued .
A district court ruled in their favor ; Bridgeport took the $ 150,000 maximum in statutory damages , while Westbound sought compensatory and punitive damages .
Westbound scored big , earning $ 366,939 from the jury along with punitive damages of a whopping $ 3.5 million .
Clear those samples !
In appealing the ruling , Universal argued that the punitive damages award was " grossly excessive and should be vacated or at least reduced . "
The reason ?
It 's excessive .
The brief quotes a Supreme Court ruling that said , " In practice , few awards exceeding a single - digit ratio between punitive and compensatory damages , to a significant degree , will satisfy due process . "
Universal pointed out that the award in question was " approximately 10 to 1 , far above the line of unconstitutional impropriety . "
They convinced the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals with the claim .
The judges on the appeals court found ( PDF ) that " the jury 's $ 3.5 million punitive damage award was unconstitutionally excessive . "
The Universal case is n't quite the same as the Jammie Thomas case , since Thomas was hit with statutory damages and neither actual nor punitive damages were at issue ( the RIAA simply says it can't possibly calculate actual damages and does n't try to do so ) .
But there 's an overlap in principle , since in P2P lawsuits the goal seems to be " sending a message " to file - swappers .
That 's fine , of course , but are the damages in these cases " unconstitutionally excessive " ?
Thomas raised that issue herself .
The RIAA argued that Thomas should pay up , in part because the award was actually far lower than it could have been ( at $ 150,000 per infringement , Thomas could have owed substantially more ) .
" Where , as here , the amount awarded by the jury was less than 10 percent of what the jury could have awarded , " wrote the RIAA at the time , " there is no basis for a remittur or a new trial . "
The US government , which felt the need to weigh in , agreed .
The Department of Justice concluded that " the damages awarded under the Copyright Act 's statutory damages provision did not violate the Due Process Clause ; they were not ' so severe and oppressive as to be wholly disproportioned to the offense or obviously unreasonable . ' "
Fortunately , statutory damages are discretionary , but they 're already so high in these sorts of cases that any attempt to raise them ( as Congress considered doing in the PRO - IP Act ) is bound to be seen as " gluttonous . "
When RIAA members like Universal object ( and win ) cases on the grounds that they should n't have to pay a penalty 10 times higher than actual damages , surely noncommercial file - swappers , operating from homes , coffee shops , and dorm rooms , should n't be hit with these massive fines , either , when Universal 's on the other side of the courtroom .
Let the penalty be commensurate with the infringement .
squander
Q1 2008 was n't a pretty one for Sprint .
The company lost 1.09 million subscribers to the competition , while also losing a bit of ground on its average revenue per customer , now at $ 56 a month .
Sprint 's got 52.8 subscribers left towork with , so we 'll see if initiatives like a potential Nextel spinoff or the upcoming Samsung Instinct ( pictured ) can do anything to staunch the bleeding .
[ Via Electronista
I like to check out the programming section on Reddit on a regular basis because it usually contains some interesting links .
Yesterday I came across a link that discussed the fallout surround a presentation at phplondon08 where panelists on a discussion of frameworks got heckled but some guy claiming to be an expert on what a real MVC framework is .
All major Rails clone PHP frameworks that exist on the market today are a complete and utter failure .
All of them call themselves MVC frameworks and none of them implement actual MVC .
In fact , some of the worst ones merely resemble MVC , and have no right whatsoever to be called frameworks .
Whatever benefits of sexy ORMs and flexible build systems and scaffolding and other secondary tools these frameworks have are nullified by the fact that using them results in architectural chaos which is no better than your usual spaghetti code .
This is because the people who wrote Rails did n't bother to understand MVC , and the PHP amateurs who were excited about the idea of getting done more in less time blindly tried to clone Rails into PHP and in so doing not only replicated the stupidity of Rails into PHP but also multiplied it by their own incompetence and PHP 's shortcomings as a language and a platform .
No , tell us how you really feel about it .
Anyhow , this guy apparently works for the Agavi project , a ( wait for it ) MVC framework written in PHP as an " evangelist " .
Well , he certainly talks like you would expect an evangelist too .
The comments for that post are really interesting too , as people take their usual swipes at PHP , and CakePHP , and the Symfony guys come out in droves to talk up Symfony , and on and on it goes .
Sadly , this is not a unique occurance on the web .
So , back to the topic of the post .
Is this guy right ?
Is * nobody * except Agavi doing it right on the PHP side of things ?
I took a peek at their documentation .
Lots of statements about what a framework should and should n't do .
( Author 's note 03/10/08 : removed code example as , well , it 's not really relevant to the discussion , other than making me giggle about mixing business logic with presentation logic )
Digging through the documentation some more , it 's quite dry .
Short and sweet , not a lot of tips on building an Agavi app from scratch .
Again , to be fair , that might not be the point of the documentation .
But it 's approach is very , * very * different from the " Rails way " that CakePHP has been following .
Before you flame , there is nothing wrong with the " Rails way " because , if nothing else , it has forced developers to crank their skills up a notch and actually * think * about what they are building .
I knew one of the original developers of Mojavi ( of which Agavi is a fork ) and he was a really smart guy ( Hi Shawn ! ) .
My early forays into framework use was with Mojavi , when trying to convince a previous employer that we needed to rewrite this monster PHP application with Mojavi so we could get things like a private branding version of the site done a lot easier .
When I compare this to Cake , they are as different as night and day .
Agavi ( and Mojavi ) are heavily configuration - oriented ( XML * everywhere * for config files ) , while Cake uses conventions to try and speed things up .
But the real truth is this : they are both trying to separate your business logic and your presentation logic to make things easier for the poor saps who have to build these applications .
Our lovely heckler has missed the forest for the trees , as far as I 'm concerned .
It 's like complaining that you can't call it a forest because the trees are n't growing straight up and down , but tend to branch out in different directions .
They 're still trees , right ?
Frameworks are designed to try and help you to get things done faster * and* to organize your code in a much more consistent manner .
Cake uses the Model - view - controller design pattern , and I think that the quote below makes it clear that Cake is doing it the right way :
Model - view - controller ( MVC ) is an architectural pattern , which at the same time is also a Multitier architecture , used in software engineering .
In complex computer applications that present a large amount of data to the user , a developer often wishes to separate data ( model ) and user interface ( view ) concerns , so that changes to the user interface will not affect data handling , and that the data can be reorganized without changing the user interface .
The model - view - controller solves this problem by decoupling data access and business logic from data presentation and user interaction , by introducing an intermediate component : the controller .
If you are trying to tell me that CakePHP does not follow that practice , then I am calling you a fucking idiot who is more interested in pedantic minutiae than understanding that there is more than one way to implement MVC .
The great autism rip - off ...
How a huge industry feeds on parents desperate to cure their children
There is little hope given to parents of children with autism .
Mainstream medicine offers no explanation for the cause of this life - long learning disability , thought to affect one in 100 , and there are no effective treatments .
Perhaps the most cruel characteristic of the condition , which impairs communication development and ability to relate to others , is that children often develop normally until about two years of age , when they suddenly ' regress ' , becoming mute , withdrawn , refusing to make eye contact and prone to tantrums .
Many never take part in mainstream education and some require full - time care , even as adults .
Desperate : Jacqui Jackson , who has five children with ASD , knows the allure of a promised ' cure ' all too well
In the absence of solutions , desperate parents are increasingly turning to the world of alternative medicine in their search for a cure .
In this burgeoning market , private doctors and clinics have sprung up across the UK claiming they can treat or even ' reverse ' the disorder .
Recent research published in the Journal Of Developmental And Behavioural Paediatrics found that a third of parents of autistic children have tried unproven ' alternative ' treatments .
Worryingly , the study claims one in ten has used what the experts class as ' a potentially harmful approach ' .
Jacqui Jackson , 43 , lectures around the country on Autistic Spectrum Disorder ( ASD ) .
The Blackpool - based mother of seven , five of whom suffer from ASD , knows all too well the powerful allure of the promised ' cure ' .
After the Jackson family - including Matthew , 24 , Rachel , 22 , Sarah , 20 , Luke , 19 , Anna , 18 , Joe , 15 , and Ben , 11 - appeared in the 2003 BBC documentary My Family And Autism - dramatised in the film Magnificent 7 , in which actress Helena Bonham Carter played a character based on Jacqui - they were inundated with calls from alternative practitioners .
Jacqui with her four sons who all suffer from autism - from left , Matthew , Luke , Ben and Joe
' You are so desperate in the early stages , you 'll try anything , ' says Jacqui .
' I bought enzymes and supplements from America , which cost a fortune .
I even paid thousands for a special mattress , blankets and pillows with magnets sewn into them that the sales people promised would do wonders but , of course , did n't work .
Autism is seen by some people as big business .
' I meet parents who want a cure and spend money in the hope they 'll have a normal child .
I try to warn them that there is no evidence any of these things work , but they 'll often go ahead . '
To investigate Jacqui 's claims and to discover exactly what is being offered to parents , I visited five practitioners of ' biomedical ' autism therapies posing as a parent of a three - year - old boy diagnosed with ASD .
In each case my story - a ' typical ' case of an autistic child , developed with the help of medical experts - was the same : My ' son ' Archie was born on September 15 , 2004 , after an uncomplicated pregnancy and birth .
He had all the usual baby vaccines , including the MMR at 14 months , and developed normally until around 18 months old when he became withdrawn and stopped speaking , refusing to make eye contact .
Our GP referred us to a specialist who diagnosed him with ASD .
I claimed to be seeking help from more ' forward - thinking ' doctors .
During my investigation , I was recommended expensive tests , vitamin supplements and special diets , ointments , suppositories and injections to ' flush out toxic heavy metals ' , bizarre - sounding high - pressure oxygen chambers and intravenous infusions of hormones - and told in each case that they could bring about a complete recovery from autism .
Yet medical experts say there is no evidence to support their claims , and in fact many of the treatments I was offered were potentially harmful , and even possibly fatal .
The experience left me disturbed at the lack of regulation surrounding these practices .
The cost of some treatment programmes ran into thousands .
Yet some clinics claimed to have six - month waiting lists .
This week , new legislation aimed at protecting consumers from ' rogue traders ' came into force , prohibiting businesses from making ' false claims ' that a product is able to cure illness .
Although the practitioners stopped short of saying they could ' cure ' autism , each described to me instances of young patients who had been transformed by their treatments and were able to lead totally normal lives and participate fully in mainstream education .
The doctors I visited are all linked to the highly controversial US - based Defeat Autism Now ! ( DAN ! ) group - a collection of fringe academics and doctors .
DAN !
practitioners often recommend chelation therapy - injections intended to detoxify the blood of heavy metals , the treatment that led to the death of autistic five - year - old Abubakar Nadama , a doctor 's son from Batheaston , Somerset , in 2005 .
By speaking to autism experts and GPs , I was able to identify five key players in the DAN !
movement in the UK and Ireland .
The Jacksons : Back row , from left : Anna , Matthew , Sarah ( who along with the four boys also has autism ) and Rachel .
Front row : Joe , Jacqui and Ben , and Luke
My first encounter was with Dr David O'Connell .
His clinic is promoted by the Autism File , a magazine that supports the DAN !
approach .
Within moments of our first telephone conversation he tells me what , no doubt , every parent of a child with autism longs to hear : ' Your son could recover . '
O'Connell claims education programmes for autistic children are like ' teaching a dog tricks ' and instead offers injections of ' a harmless , naturally produced hormone ' called ' secretin ' which he claims can bring about a ' reversal ' of autistic symptoms .
' Two - thirds will improve by more than 30 per cent , ' he states .
' Any gains will be permanent . '
So , why have I never been told about this treatment ?
' Because doctors in this country are in the dark ages , ' comes the reply .
During our appointment , Dr O'Connell - tall , balding and tanned - says : ' Nine years ago , I gave the first injection of secretin to a child .
There was a 76 per cent improvement after just one treatment , ' he begins .
He shows me a single sheet of paper covered with columns of numbers written in biro .
' Each number represents a child I 've treated .
Parents fill out a form measuring their child 's behaviour before and after treatment .
' After a single treatment one child , who had never talked , went into his parents ' bedroom and started asking questions . '
To be absolutely sure , I ask him again if this treatment can cause children with autism to recover completely .
' Yes , ' he replies .
' But we do n't know why and a few children do n't improve . '
It sounds incredible but I 'm worried , I say , about my child having injections of a hormone that is n't offered by mainstream medics .
' It 's totally safe .
I 've treated more children with autism than any other doctor in Britain , ' he replies .
' The only limiting factor is money . '
Treatment is expensive .
The telephone consultation cost £ 240 , with the second at the office a further £ 200 .
He recommends a battery of blood , urine and stool tests available only from private clinics , at a cost of £ 1,546 .
Subsequent consultations cost £ 150 , and each monthly secretin injection is £ 450 .
There is also mention of infusions of ' immune globulin ' to bolster the immune system at £ 550 .
' The more injections a child has , the better the result , ' he says .
' Autism can be a life sentence if you do nothing about it .
And the sooner you start treatment , the more chance it will work . '
At no point during our conversations does he ask to see any medical records .
A more sympathetic character is Dr Asha Rekha Chagarlamudi , a locum GP who runs ' The Autism Clinic ' one day a week from her home , a semi- detached house on a private estate in Bromley , South - East London .
She 's a parent of a child with autism , so it would be hard to believe her motivations are anything but genuine .
Yet she recommends Archie should have intravenous chelation therapy and 40 sessions of Hyperbaric oxygen therapy ( HBOT ) , which would involve my ' son ' sitting in a decompression chamber similar to those used by divers suffering the bends .
She takes a medical history and says : ' Archie 's symptoms are caused by inflammation of the brain .
Chelation therapy will help eliminate the poisons from the blood which cause this - and HBOT will reduce the swelling .
' Chelation is most effective given by intravenous infusion , which you can only get in America because doctors here wo n't do it . '
She does not mention the recent death caused by this treatment .
Harley Street - based Dr Damien Downing , who claims to be a ' leading figure in the field of nutritional health ' , is also keen on chelation .
During our consultation I 'm asked to fill in a questionnaire to assess the severity of Archie ’s condition .
Toxins are everywhere , rubbish dumps , incinerators , mobile phone masts , microwaves , vaccines – this caused your son ’s autism , ’ says Downing , who charges £ 250 per consultation .
‘ Chelation in the form of an that is rubbed on to the skin will him of the toxins , and many children are completely normal after .
You must be committed to at a year of treatment , if not more , before you see results . ’
The treatment is a cause for debate even among committed DAN !
practitioners .
In Dublin I meet Dr Gabriel Stewart , a specialist in chelation therapy for adults , who tells me tries to dissuade parents from giving their autistic children intravenous infusions ‘ not because it ’s dangerous , but because it is n’t effective in clearing mercury from the blood ’ .
Consequently , Archie was not suitable for treatment .
He also warns that some ‘ DAN ! doctors ’ are less than reputable .
‘ All need to do is attend one conference in the US and you can say you ’re DAN !
doctor – and many of them are n’t medically trained . ’
Dr Lorene Amet , of the Autism Treatment Trust in Edinburgh , is one such non-medic .
Her doctorate is in HIV biology although she does n’t clarify this during the £ 120 consultation .
Amet takes a medical history , asks about behaviour and diet , and recommends a series of blood and urine tests that she says are not available on the NHS because ‘ doctors do n’t know about them ’ .
She continues : ‘ The tests give us a complete picture of your child ’s health and what has caused his autism .
From the results we will design a diet and supplements plan .
He could recover completely but early intervention is the key – you must act now or you ’ll regret it . ’
I ’ve been offered a bewildering number of treatments , but could any of them be right ?
Could any really work ?
At the end of the investigation I speak to Richard Mills , a director of Research Autism , a coalition of parents , those with autism , academics and medical experts , set up by the National Autistic Society ( NAS ) and the Institute of Child Health to study new treatments for autism .
‘ Your experiences are not uncommon , ’ he says .
‘ There is no evidence that any of these treatments work .
There is evidence that some do not work , and even could do harm . ’
Mills , who has worked in the field of autism research for the past 30 years , describes the helplessness and despair parents feel when trying one unsuccessful treatment after another .
‘ Parents often tell us they were n’t made aware of possible negative effects and many spend thousands , running up bills on credit cards , on treatments that do n’t work .
‘ Many of the practitioners who sell these treatments are no better than snake - oil salesmen .
This kind of hard - sell approach is completely immoral .
Lack of regulation means anyone can set themselves up and claim to be able to successfully treat autism , without any proof that it ’s actually possible , ’ he says .
Still , I ca n’t help but think that if Archie were real , I ’d be willing to try anything , and pay anything for a chance to help him live a normal life .
Dr Gillian Baird , consultant paedi-atrician at Guy ’s Hospital , London , and a leading expert on autism , explains that although autism is incurable , some children can improve .
‘ We know that there is something biologically different about the brain function of children and adults with autism , but we do n’t know what that is or what causes it , ’ she says .
‘ There are accounts of treatments that have helped but this is not the same as evidence .
The reason some parents believe they see improvements is because autism A is a condition that changes over time .
And behav- iour in all of us can be altered by environment and what we put into our bodies . ’
She warns parents that invasive treatments , such as injections , carry a risk of infection .
Mills advises parents to ask to see research to back up any claims and ask for copies of any published studies to discuss with a GP or consultant .
‘ These practitioners often claim mainstream doctors are n’t interested in helping children get better .
This is not only completely untrue but hurtful .
Doctors who devote their lives to working with them every day would like there to be a successful treatment for autism as much as anyone – they know just how desperate parents are for an answer . ’
Jacqui Jackson urges parents of children with autism to think again before subjecting them to unproven treatments .
‘ Perhaps we should begin to look at autism as another way of being , instead of hoping to find a cure , ’ she says .
‘ These doctors promise they can make autistic children “ normal ” .
But who is to say what normal is ?’
For information about autism treatments , visit www.researchautism.net.
Here Research Autism Director Richard Mills gives his verdict on the treatments recommended by the doctors .
The Mail on Sunday then also offered the doctors a chance to comment on the findings of our investigation .
THE CONSULTATIONS
Here Research Autism Director Richard Mills gives his verdict on the treatments recommended by the doctors .
The Mail on Sunday then also offered the doctors a chance to comment on the findings of our investigation .
Dr David O'Connell
Who : Dr David O’Connell , 41 Elystan Place , London
Consultation fee : £ 350
Recommends : Blood and urine tests , secretin injections once a month , immune globulin infusions and dietary supplements
Cost : £ 1,996
Richard Mills ' verdict : Secretin is a hormone that helps digestion .
Some think its injection will ensure food is properly digested and stop harmful chemicals from food travelling to the brain .
There is overwhelming evidence from double blind clinical trials to show that secretin works no better than a placebo in treating autism .
But some studies report there are negative effects .
The use of secretin is not recommended for people with autism .
Dr O'Connell says now : I would agree to treatment only after examining a child .
With any drug there are studies that show it does n’t work , as well as those that do .
The studies that found secretin did n’t work were badly designed .
I ’ve not published my findings in peer reviewed journals because I am unwilling to submit children to double blind trials .
Dr Lorene Amet
Who : Dr Lorene Amet at the Autism Treatment Trust , 29A Stafford Street , Edinburgh
Consultation fee : £ 120
Recommends :
Urine tests and tests for DNA oxidation ; hair test for heavy metals ; a four - hour appointment to look at test results ; wheat and dairy diet plan ; and supplements
Cost : Tests £ 480 , follow - up appointment £ 400
Richard Mills ' verdict :
Some children with autism have a higher incidence of gut problems , and there is anecdotal evidence that diet , especially one that is wheat and dairy - free , is helpful in treating the physical and behavioural symptoms of autism , but these are not regarded as curative treatments .
Because autism is so broad and is not a single condition , there are no specific laboratory tests to determine the causes .
Dr Lorene Amet says now :
We have had positive reports from eight out of ten parents .
Some children do not progress .
Mainstream medicine has failed many of the children we see .
We are here to help parents safely explore alternative treatments .
More research is needed and we are applying for funding .
Dr Asha Rekha Chagarlamudi
Who : Dr Asha Rekha Chagarlamudi , The Autism Clinic , Bromley , South - East London
Consultation fee : £ 100 ( she later agrees to waive this if there are ' problems with money ' )
Recommends : Blood , urine and stool analysis , hyperbaric oxygen therapy , chelation therapy
Cost : Tests £ 775 , 40 HBOT sessions £ 400
Richard Mills ' verdict : Hyperbaric therapy is the administering of oxygen at a higher
than atmospheric pressure to a patient in a pressurised chamber to increase oxygen absorption in bodily tissue .
It is usually used for decompression sickness or carbon monoxide poisoning .
Side - effects include trauma to the ears due to pressure and oxygen toxicity , which causes nausea , vomiting , convulsions , inflammation and fluid accumulation in the lungs .
There is little evidence it is effective for autistic children .
Use of oxygen has risks and we would advise caution .
Dr Chagarlamudi says now : HBOT is being given to children with autism in Dundee on the NHS .
There have been no double blind trials but smaller studies are needed before that happens .
Chelation has risks but is safe when carried out correctly .
I make a third less per day from my autism clinic than I do in general practice .
I believe these treatments do cause improvement in children .
Someone has to start trying to so something or we will never find a cure .
Dr Damien Downing
Who : Dr Damien Downing , 144 Harley Street
Consultation fee : £ 250
Recommends :
Urine toxic metal test and blood deficiency tests .
Dependent on results , chelation therapy - administered topically as oil rubbed into the skin
Costs : Tests £ 200 , follow - up appointment £ 150 , chelation £ 97 per seven applications
Richard Mills ' verdict : Chelation can be dangerous .
Chemical compounds injected into the bloodstream , taken orally , topically or by suppositing , bind to metals that are present in toxic concentrations which are excreted from the body .
There is no scientific evidence it is effective in the treatment of autism .
Side - effects include nausea , vomiting , headaches and kidney damage .
Dr Downing says now :
Heavy metal damage as a cause of autism is coming to be widely accepted .
Many doctors agree that the removal of metals is the most useful treatment available .
There is no evidence that chelation could be life threatening except when given by injection .
AUTISM EXPLAINED
The term ' autism ' refers not to a single illness but to part of a wide range of conditions - so - called Autistic Spectrum Disorder ( ASD ) - with many features that may or may not be present in a given child .
Classic autism , which affects one in 100 children in the UK , according to latest figures , typically involves associated learning difficulties and problems with language , as well as a tendency for obsessive and repetitive behaviour , with varying degrees of severity .
AS researchers who test the accuracy of odometers know , your mileage may vary , and when it comes to a car ’s warranty , that could cost an owner money .
An odometer that piles up mileage faster than it should will push a car out of warranty quicker than an odometer that is calibrated correctly .
That is what was happening to many Hondas and Acuras until the problem was noticed by a lawyer in Arkansas , who , along with several other lawyers , filed a lawsuit against Honda in 2004 .
A final settlement was approved last December , but the deadline for owners to file a claim is approaching : June 26 .
Now , the lawyers who sued Honda are going after Nissan , claiming that odometers in 2004 and newer Nissans and Infinitis are running fast .
Steve Parrett , a spokesman with Nissan North America , said the lawsuit was without merit .
“ These lawsuits are based on nothing more than the variation inherent with any form of measurement , ” he said .
OPW INTERVIEW -- Jan 14 -- Dr Song
Li runs a leading dating site in China that offers telephone based matchmaking .
We originally met at Beijing 's iDate in 2006 , then Shanghai in 2007 and then again at iDate in Tokyo in May .
He 's observed the best of the West and created the best of the East .
- Mark Brooks
What do you charge for Zhenai ( formerly 96333 / SinoFriends ) and how is it different from other dating sites ?
We charge an annual subscription fee of 1,999 RMB , which is about $ 300 .
We have a unique business model , different from any dating site in China .
It 's a combination of online dating and telephone based matchmaking .
By the way , we changed our domain name .
We were formerly known at 96333.com and we have changed the name to Zhenai.com .
" Zhen " means cherish and " ai " means love .
First you can do online dating like Match.com and if you find someone you would like to date , you can call our telephone matchmaker team .
They will ask questions about your personality and then call the person , you are interested in , on your behalf and essentially try to package and sell you to your prospect .
So that 's the first service .
Then if there are some sensitive questions clients would like to ask but are afraid to be too intrusive , they can call our telephone matchmakers and , on their behalf , they can find out the answer from the other client .
That 's our second service .
Third is when our telephone matchmakers find out for clients whether the other side has an interest after the first date .
They provide feedback post - date .
And , if they want more ?
Right now we do n't have that service but we are thinking of adding more .
Do you offer any coaching services ?
No we do n't do that .
It 's always very difficult to see the balance between providing more value added service and the cost .
We choose what we think are absolute critical services that daters need and focus on those .
How do you recruit the matchmakers ?
What are the main things that you 're looking for in matchmakers ?
Mostly we hire university graduates who majored in psychology .
We found psychology majors are very good at providing advice to people .
How do you do the matching ?
Are the matches delivered online or via a matchmaker ?
It 's a combination of online questionnaires and phone calls .
All of this is done over the phone so there are no in person meetings .
A lot of matchmakers insist on in person meetings .
It 's rather interesting that you 're doing it over the phone .
But in person meetings they tend to charge a lot more as well .
That 's right .
In China , offline matchmakers charge from 6,000 RMB ( $ 800 ) to 60,000 RMB ( $ 8,000 ) .
So our price point is lower then the lowest offline matchmaking agencies .
It does n't make sense for us to provide face to face meetings .
First of all , we 're an internet company .
We do n't want to move into an offline franchising kind of a business because we would have to open offices in multiple cities and China is a very large country .
It 's like you do it nationwide or do n't bother at all .
With the phone we can cover the entire country .
And we are the only company that focuses on this model .
We want to be the very best in one space .
That 's why we are teaming up with FastLife Speed Dating because they provide professional offline speed dating service .
When did your launch event go with FastLife Speed Dating ?
We had the first speed dating event on May 31st jointly with the largest print media group in Shanghai Xinmin Media Group .
We designed this event for IT professionals , colloquially known as " Zhangjiang Men " , who work for the technology firms located at Zhangjiang High - tech Park .
FastLife's 's team was organizing and running everything .
We got over 100 women and XinMin Group helped get 100 IT guys .
See all posts on Zhenai
OSLO ( Reuters ) - Scandinavian airline SAS is flying slower to save on sky - rocketing fuel costs and curb emissions of carbon dioxide in a new push to green up its image .
SAS said on Tuesday it has reduced the cruising speed of its passenger jets to about 780 kilometers ( 485 miles ) per hour from 860 kph .
The test project , run by SAS ’s Norwegian unit , has saved it an estimated $ 12 million in fuel since early 2006 .
“ Our experience is that we were able to save a lot by slowing down , ” said Thomas Midteide , a spokesman for SAS Norge .
“ After the test project ... we implemented this strategy in the ( SAS ) group on an everyday basis , ” he added .
The move comes amidst calls by lawmakers around Europe to boost taxes on air travel as a way of combating emissions of greenhouse gasses that contribute to global warming .
A 360 km flight between Oslo and Bergen , Norway ’s two largest cities , at “ economy speed ” saved 130 kg ( 287 pounds ) of fuel and 420 kg of carbon emissions .
The entire journey lasts only three minutes longer , Midteide said .
A slightly longer flight between Oslo and Paris or London takes about 10 minutes longer than before .
Attempting to “ offset ” the extra time spent in the air , SAS started early departures if all passengers were in place and on board its aircraft before the scheduled takeoff time .
Like many national flag carriers , SAS has been struggling with competitive pressure from cut - price rivals , overcapacity and , most recently , a huge rise in fuel costs .
Half owned by the governments of Sweden , Denmark and Norway , SAS was also one of the first airlines to allow passengers to pay for the carbon dioxide their plane produced .
The Oslo - Bergen flight produces some 54 kg of CO2 per passenger , which could be offset with an additional cost of 0.63 euros ( $ 0.981 ) added to the ticket price , SAS ’s internet booking page shows .
Paying for one passenger ’s share of carbon emissions on a longer flight between Oslo and San Francisco costs 7 euros .
Last month SAS said it planned to cut CO2 emissions by 20 percent by 2020 by improving energy efficiency and mixing jet fuel with renewable sources .
The goal assumes 4 percent per year growth in passenger numbers for SAS during 2007 - 2020 .
To save more fuel , SAS taxies its planes to gates on one engine , turning off the other engines after landing , Midteide said .
The same tactic is planned for taxing before take - off .
Sorry to interrupt .
It seems you 've really digging into our curated links .
We put a lot of effort into finding these gems .
Please consider donating so we can keep up the effort .
Would you like to know more ?
Sorry to interrupt .
It seems you 've read at least whole articles now .
Yay !
This is a reader - supported project , and you can get stuff for donating .
Would you like to know more ?
" A spectacular phantasmagoria of stainless steel plates , translucent glass , steel mesh and strobe lights , it encapsulates all you need to know about a motorcycle 's modern meaning .
Gehry uses his machine materials to fracture , reflect and diffuse light , creating sexy , highly organic , frankly theatrical forms , from billowing clouds and monumental floral blossoms to great curtain swags .
Glamour and erotic thrill summarize the motorcycle aesthetic . "
Christopher Knight Art Critic , Los Angeles Times
I had been defrosting my refrigerator , it 's old .
A sponge made its way to my scanner , which needed a good cleaning before I started listing more comic books .
Laundry was also on the agenda , and a brief glance told me my current attire could n't last another day .
A discarded tee shirt landed on the scanner .
True .
While exploring potential flowers to grow this summer , I had stumbled upon an article about 2D and 3D scanning .
For some reason this collage of events triggered memories of an exhibit I saw long ago at the SOLOMON R. GUGGENHEIM MUSEUM .
How the dried statice made its way to the scanner bed is a story for another day .
The results are n't great art , but encouraging enough to add high resolution scanning to the summer project list , along with a search for my old Silver Fast tutorials .
Here 's an article that can help get you started scanning .
It also includes links to many inspirational examples :
Use a flatbed scanner as a camera .
Enjoy !
Also , you may enjoy reading : I can only hope to some day master a technique that " mirrors the truth " .
I am by no means ready to die !
So , with that fact established , let 's begin at the beginning :
See links for all the Genesis posts to date : Genesis Through My Eyes
In my not too distant past , if I were to see a street person , a bum , sleeping in a door front or on a park bench , I would have kept my distance and perhaps shrugged my shoulders . :
He had the " smarts " to ask someone where to go , I did n't
Waldo County , situated in mid-coast Maine along scenic Penobscot Bay , has genuine New England character evidenced by working port towns and quaint rural villages .
Visitors are awed by the area 's unspoiled beauty .
From striking coastal views to sweeping mountain vistas , dramatic natural settings abound .
In addition great care has been taken to preserve and refurbish numerous historic landmarks , homes and buildings .
Consequently , the Maine of yesteryear is still found here .
Stumble It !
web blog : Time Less Images
web blog : Epicurean Health
web blog : Timeless Snippets
Three former chairmen of the Securities and Exchange Commission will publicly endorse Democratic Sen. Barack Obama 's bid for the presidency Wednesday , including one who served under President Bush .
William Donaldson , who was SEC chairman for about 2 ½ years from early 2003 , along with Clinton and Reagan appointees Arthur Levitt and David Ruder , will join former Fed Chairman Paul Volcker in endorsing Sen.
Obama , his campaign said .
Mr. Volcker endorsed Sen. Obama in January .
In ...
Prosecutors now need no more than a suspect 's DNA to file an indictment in New York City , following a state court decision that will allow prosecutors to get around statutes of limitations for some crimes .
A mid-level appellate court has ruled that prosecutors under District Attorney Morgenthau did not need to know the identity of a rape suspect in order to indict him , so long as they possessed a DNA sample .
In the case before the court , police were able to eventually link a DNA sample that had been charged in an indictment to man named David Martinez who eventually pleaded guilty to rape .
He argued on appeal that he had a Constitutional right to be identified by name  and not just by his genetic markers  in any indictment charging him with a crime .
The court rejected that argument .
Have you ever used Craigslist ?
It 's an almost entirely free , mostly anonymous classified advertising service which evolved from an early internet phenomenon into a service so powerful it is often accused of single - handedly destroying the newspaper business .
Unfortunately , these same characteristics also make Craigslist a particularly juicy target for spammers and evildoers .
Who knows ; maybe it 's karma .
I consider Craiglist a generally benevolent public service .
Perhaps that 's why I was so disturbed by John Nagle 's wartime narrative of the raging battle between Craigslist and spammers .
Spam on Craigslist has been a minor nuisance for years .
Not any more .
This year , the spammers started winning and are taking over Craigslist .
Here 's how they did it .
Craigslist tries to stop spamming by : Checking for duplicate submissions .
Blocking excessive posts from a single IP address .
Requiring users to register with a valid email address .
Using a CAPTCHA to stop automated posting tools .
Letting users flag postings they recognize as spam .
Several commercial products are now available to overcome those little obstacles to bulk posting .
CL Auto Posting
Tool is one such product .
It not only posts to Craigslist automatically , it has built - in strategies to overcome each Craigslist anti-spam mechanism : Random text is added to each spam message to fool Craigslist 's duplicate message detector .
IP proxy sites are used to post from a wide range of IP addresses .
E-mail addresses for reply are Gmail accounts conveniently created by Jiffy Gmail Creator ( ed. note : this does not break Google 's CAPTCHA , as you can see in this screenshot . )
break Google 's CAPTCHA , as you can see in this screenshot . )
An OCR system reads the obscured text in the CAPTCHA .
Automatic monitoring detects when a posting has been flagged as spam and reposts it .
CL Auto
Poster is n't the only such tool .
Other desktop software products are AdBomber and Ad Master .
For spammers preferring a service - oriented approach , there 's ItsYourPost .
With these power tools , the defenses of Craigslist have been overrun .
Some categories on Craigslist have become over 90 % spam .
The personals sections were the first to go , then the services categories , and more recently , the job postings .
Craigslist is fighting back .
Its latest gimmick is phone verification .
Posting in some categories now requires a callback phone call , with a password sent to the user either by voice or as an SMS message .
Only one account is allowed per phone number .
Spammers reacted by using VoIP numbers .
Craigslist blocked those .
Spammers tried using number - portability services like Grand Central and Tossable Digits .
Craigslist blocked those .
Spammers tried using their own free ringtone sites to get many users to accept the Craigslist verification call , then type in the password from the voice message .
Craigslist has n't countered that trick yet .
Much of the back and forth battle can be followed in various forums .
It 's not clear yet who will win .
I 've used Craigslist quite a few times in the past , mostly to sell things that are too unwieldy to ship , with generally positive results .
But that 's the " for sale " section , and the spammers seem to be concentrating on the personals and services .
I was curious about this , so I delved into the local personals section in what I guessed to be the most popular category .
( Note to my wife : this is research !
Research !
I swear ! )
Almost immediately I found a personals ad with the following " image " :
It 's an encoded wartime transmission from someone battling Craigslist spammers .
It ends on this dire warning :
99.9 % of the ads these days are fakes .
Sad but true .
REALLY , ALMOST ALL THE ADS ARE FAKE !
But is it true ?
I saw some obvious spam in the personals section – all of which had been flagged for removal by the time I clicked on it – but certainly nothing to corroborate this 99.9 % claim .
I did a few unique term searches on random personals ( my favorite at the moment is " no murderers please ! " ) , and they came up unique .
Clearly , there 's a war on , and there have been casualties on both sides .
Even if the spammers are n't winning , every inch they gain further undermines the community 's trust in Craigslist and devalues everyone 's participation .
This is a topic I am acutely interested in as we build stackoverflow.com out .
Like Craigslist , Stack Overflow will offer a rich experience for anonymous internet users .
We will not require you to create an account or " login " to answer or ask questions .
We 'll even track your reputation and preferred settings for you , as long as you allow us to store a standard browser cookie .
While it 's true that we 'll initially be a low - value target due to limited traffic and a specialized audience , that will inevitably change over time .
So you can expect some of the same measures on Stack Overflow ( and , later , Discourse ) that Craigslist and Wikipedia use to mitigate anonymous evil :
Some form of CAPTCHA .
The ability to temporarily " lock " controversial questions so only registered users can edit or add responses .
An automatic throttle if we see rapid , bot - like actions from your IP address .
Some basic heuristics to detect " spammy " content , such as too many URLs , or typing inhumanly fast .
An easy way for users with sufficient reputation to undo vandalism by reverting to an earlier version .
The community itself can also assist .
Every question and answer on Stack Overflow can be rated Digg style ; if a given bit of content rapidly accrues a large number of downmods , it is likely to be spam or inappropriate content , and will be automatically removed or directed into a moderation queue .
Do n't get me wrong .
I 've been humbled by the quality – and the sheer size – of the community that has grown up around this blog .
I expect the overwhelming majority of people who participate in Stack Overflow will be upstanding Internet citizens .
Wikipedia is a living testament to the fact that goodness vastly outnumbers evil .
We good guys can win , if we have the forethought to put some controls in place first .
Allowing anonymous users to post creates a volatile situation where a dozen sufficiently motivated spammers can easily poison the well for thousands of typical users .
These spammers do n't give a damn about the community we 're building together .
All they care about is getting paid by posting their links anywhere and everywhere they can .
They 'll run roughshod over as many websites and pages as possible in their frantic , abusive pursuit of money .
If I did n't so desperately want to choke the life out of each and every one of them , I might actually feel sorry for the poor bastards .
But here 's the problem : following the rules and being a good citizen is easy .
Being evil is hard ; it takes more work .
Sometimes a lot more work .
The bad guys get paid to learn about their exploits .
Are you willing to educate yourself about the complex evil that a tiny minority of powerful users are prepared to unleash upon your site ?
As with so many things in life , this is best illustrated by a scene from Spaceballs :
So , Lone Starr , now you see that evil will always triumph , because good is dumb .
As the good guys , we can't afford to be ignorant of the spammers ' techniques .
If that means spelunking through the grimiest corners of some scummy black hat forums , then so be it .
I 'll tell you this : I 've never nofollowed a single link on this blog until today .
The most effective way to fight the evil spammers is to understand them , and the first step toward understanding evil is openly linking to their tools and methods , exposing them to as much public scrutiny as possible .
When you design your software , work under the assumption that some of your users will be evil : out to game the system , to defeat it at every turn , to cause interruption and denial of service , to attack and humiliate other users , to fill your site with the vilest , nastiest spam you can possibly imagine .
If you do n't do that , you 'll end up with something like blog trackbacks , which are irreparably busted at this point .
Trackbacks are the source of countless untold hours of institutionalized spam pain and suffering , all because the initial designers apparently did not ask themselves one simple question : what if some of our users are evil ?
Because when good is dumb , evil will always triumph .
Websites that allow users to post content will always be vulnerable to the actions of a handful of evil , spammy users .
It 's not pleasant .
It is a dark mirror into the ugly underbelly of human nature .
But it 's also an unfortunate , unavoidable fact of life .
And when you fail to design for evil , you have failed your community .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The grandson of prominent anti-gun campaigner Pat Regan has been arrested on suspicion of stabbing her to death .
Mrs Regan , 53 , was discovered at the property on Marlborough Grange in the Hyde Park area of Leeds on Sunday .
The mother - of - six started campaigning against gun crime when her son Danny was shot dead in 2002 .
The 20 - year - old man was being held on suspicion of murder , police said .
It is thought he had been arrested earlier in the day over another stabbing .
A 45 - year - old railway worker was treated in hospital for a stab wound to his arm after challenging a man for trespassing at Leeds station on Sunday morning , British Transport Police said .
She made such a big difference to so many people 's lives
Dee Edwards Mrs Regan set up a Leeds branch of Mothers Against Guns after her son Danny , 25 , was shot at his home in Haydock , near St Helens , Merseyside in December 2002 .
His killer has not been found .
She had met government officials to discuss how to tackle the problems of guns and gang - related crime .
Dee Edwards , co-founder of campaign group Mothers Against Murder and Manslaughter , said Mrs Regan would visit schools and give talks about the dangers and consequences of getting involved in crime .
She said : " She made such a big difference to so many people 's lives .
This is an absolute tragedy for so many people . "
Mrs Edwards said she had known Mrs Regan for about six years and described her as the " most incredible woman " .
" It 's just the most dreadful news for everyone .
She 's just an amazing woman , " she added .
' No grudges ' Mrs Regan 's friend Sylvester Johnson , 74 , said : " She did n't want any young people to get caught up in the trouble that her son got caught up in .
" She was very brave and I do n't know of anyone who would have a grudge against her . "
In February , Mrs Regan was involved with the launch of a DVD warning about the dangers of gun and knife gang culture .
Speaking at the time , she said : " Things are reaching a critical point .
Kids are dying before us , but we should n't have to bury our own children . "
In the same month , Mrs Regan was at the then Prime Minister Tony Blair 's side at a Downing Street summit on tackling problems relating to gang - related crime .
Her campaigning work was also praised by Princess Anne during a visit to the city earlier this year .
Labour minister Hilary Benn , who is the MP for Leeds Central and knew Pat Regan , said he was upset by the news of her death .
" I 'm shocked , and greatly saddened to hear of Pat 's death , " he said .
" She made a huge impression on me and on many people that she met .
She was determined to do all that she could so that other mothers did n't go through the experience that she went through when her son , Danny , was killed . "
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
The United States Social Security Administration has revealed the top baby names for 2007 , and much of the list is unsurprisingly banal .
The top three boy names are Jacob , Michael , and Ethan ; the top three girl names are Emily , Isabella , and Emma .
Nothing to see here , move along .
But most surprising -- and something that made me pause and say " What the f**k , why ? " -- was that the name " Raiden " actually made the list .
Surely it was only number 931 , but the fact that it 's even on there at all is a real head - scratcher , and makes me question the sanity of some American parents .
According to Wikipedia , " raiden " is Japanese for " thunder and lighting , " which is a pretty frightening name for a child in itself .
But let us not forget the popular Mortal Kombat character .
Or the Raiden in Metal Gear .
Or Fatal Fury .
Or the several side - scrolling shooters .
The list goes on .
But I 'm not one to judge -- my wife ( seriously ) wants to name our potential future son Lincoln so that we can call him " Link " for short .
I put a stop to that thinking real quick .
But the question remains -- is anyone here named Raiden ?
Or have you or are you thinking about naming your son after a videogame or a character in a videogame ?
[ Image ]
I 'm sorry - this is a nice article but I strongly advise against anyone considering doing this .
- Using TOR is not as secure as a lot of people think :
The TOR network works by channeling your data through a chain of highly encrypted SSH proxy tunnels , a so called " proxy chain " .
If you visit , for example , this link : http://www.google.com/search?hl=en&q=paris+hilton, your request will be encrypted and tunnelled to another TOR user , then another , then another and so on .
Your data could be passed around 20 times .
The other TOR users cannot see the link you typed in ( as it is encrypted ) .
This sounds very very secure .
However , the data has the be decrypted again before google can understand what you searched for .
In order to do this , the last TOR user in a proxy chain is called an " exit node " .
The exit node decrypts the data , contacts google for your results , encrypts the results and sends them back through the chain to you .
Sound secure so far ?
Well , actually , it does .
But what happens if the exit node runs a packet sniffer ( like Wireshark ) on their computer to monitor outgoing network connections ?
The url you typed in appears in plain text on their screen .
They do n't know who you are , but they saw what you did .
I hear you ask ; " So what ? - I do n't care if a random Ukranian sees that I searched for ' Paris Hilton ' . "
True .
Most random
Ukranians wo n't care at all if you searched for Paris Hilton .
In fact , they may enjoy calling up the same link you searched for .
But what about if you had been reading your hotmail email instead ? -
They get to see what you typed and to who you sent it .
The problem gets even worse if you start channeling E - Mail and Instant messenger programs through TOR .
The POP3 E - Mail protocol sends usernames and passwords in PLAIN TEXT to the mail server .
This means , that an exit node could sniff outgoing traffic and steal your email account .
-
They could then probably go to Paypal.com and request that your password be sent to your registered email address .
The would then steal your Paypal information directly from your email account .
-
Is it sounding very secure now ?
Bye bye money .
But that is n't all ...
Some exit nodes act as bridges between you and the website you want to access , altering the data before it is send back to you .
e.g .
They could change all references to the name , " Paris Hilton " into " Bill Gates " .
-
All of a sudden , you are n't looking at the innocent pictures you intended .
Even worse :
It is possible for exit nodes to dynamically swap out SSL certificates of secure websites .
If you called up https://www.myreallysecurebank.com over TOR , you might be sent back an SSL certificate which does n't actually belong to your bank .
-
This would mean that your login details for your online banking are also visible to the exit node .
-
Bye bye money , again .
Sorry to rant on , but this should really be known before anyone tries to use the TOR network .
I am not saying TOR is bad - but do n't ever consider sending anything personal over it or you might end up with less security than you bargained for .
Thanks
Dave from Germany .
TalentLMS is an award - winning Learning Management System ( LMS ) ideal for delivering engaging online training .
Create courses in a few clicks in a platform suitable for sophisticated as well as inexperienced , aspiring trainers .
TalentLMS combines support for multiple file types and multimedia ( presentations , videos , iFrame , SCORM , etc. ) with simplicity , and an always eager - to - help support team .
Be the driver of your team 's potential .
APRIL 1-- A week after dozens of people ransacked an Oregon home in response to a Craigslist ad offering its contents for free , police have arrested a couple for orchestrating the online hoax as part of a bid to cover up an earlier burglary at the property .
Brandon and Amber Herbert were nabbed last night for allegedly posting the March 22 Craigslist ad , which claimed that the Jacksonville ranch 's owner had to leave town so suddenly that his belongings -- which included a horse -- were available for the taking .
The Herberts , investigators charge , did this to cover up their prior theft of several saddles and other items from the garage of the rural southern Oregon house , which is owned by contractor Robert Salisbury .
After learning of the Craigslist ad , Salisbury returned to his property to find about 30 people rummaging through his home and remaining belongings .
After subpoenaing Craigslist records , Jackson County Sheriff 's Office investigators traced the online posting to the Herberts , according to this probable cause affidavit .
As a result , Brandon , 29 , and Amber , 28 , were both hit with burglary and computer crime charges .
They are pictured in the above mug shots .
( 3 pages )
For tens of thousands of years , the birds of Gough Island lived unmolested , without predators on a remote outcrop in the south Atlantic .
Today , the British - owned island , described as the home of the most important seabird colony in the world , still hosts 22 breeding species and is a world heritage site .
But as a terrible consequence of the first whalers making landfall there 150 years ago , Gough has become the stage for one of nature 's great horror shows .
Mice stowed away on the whaling boats jumped ship and have since multiplied to 700,000 or more on an island of about 25 square miles .
What is horrifying ornithologists is that the British house mouse has somehow evolved , growing to up to three times the size of ordinary domestic house mice , and instead of surviving on a diet of insects and seeds , has adapted itself to become a carnivore , eating albatross , petrel and shearwater chicks alive in their nests .
They are now believed to be the largest mice in the world .
Yesterday Birdlife International , a global alliance of conservation groups , recognised that the mice , who are without predators themselves , are out of control and threatening to make extinct several of the world 's rarest bird species .
The organisation , which runs the Red List of endangered bird species , elevated the Tristan albatross , of which only a few remain in the world , and the Gough bunting , a small finch found only on the island , to the list of the world 's most critically endangered species , the highest category of threat .
Five other bird species on the island are also said to be threatened .
The RSPB has proposed hiring helicopters to drop thousands of tonnes of rodent poison on the of the volcanic island 2,000 miles off the coast of south America .
" A government - funded feasibility study done with New Zealand , which has eradicated rats from many islands , shows it is possible .
The mice would take the poison and just go to their nests and die .
We think it could be done fairly easily and would cost about £ 2.6 m , " a spokeswoman said .
" Things are getting worse on Gough , " said Dr Geoff Hilton , an RSPB scientist who has been researching conservation problems in UK overseas territories .
" In the presence of house mice , the albatross and bunting have no chance of survival .
The only hope for these threatened birds is complete eradication of mice .
" The world 's greatest seabird island is being eaten alive , as the mice are likely to be affecting the fortunes of many seabirds on the island .
Without help Gough Island will be likely to lose the majority of seabirds , " said Hilton .
Those who have witnessed the phenomenon say the mice attack at night either alone or in groups , gnawing through the nests to get at the baby birds .
Their parents , who have never experienced predators , are unable to defend them .
Studies suggest about 60 % of all Gough 's chicks die in their nests .
" It is a catastrophe .
The albatross chicks weigh 10 kilograms .
They evolved on Gough because it had no mammal predators - that is why they are so vulnerable .
The mice weigh 35 grammes ; it is like a tabby cat attacking a hippopotamus , " said Hilton .
Britain has long been criticised for not maintaining the ecology of its overseas territories , which are mainly made up of groups of islands such as Pitcairn , Tristan da Cunha , and the Falklands .
Of the world 's 190 most endangered birds , 32 are now officially British responsibility .
The RSPB 's spokeswoman added : " The study shows there is a glimmer of light .
The UK government has supported us in discovering the problem , in conducting the feasibility study , and now in finalising our plan for the mouse eradication .
" The big question is whether the UK will take its international commitments seriously and do what the governments of New Zealand and Australia have done , and provide the big money needed to actually do the mouse eradication .
" If they do n't , we wo n't be able to give two critically threatened species the lifeline they need . "
The discovery that the mice had adapted their diets and supersized themselves was made by Richard Cuthbert , a professional ornithologist who spent a year on the island in 2001 and stumbled on the phenomenon as he was leaving .
" It sounds incredulous , implausible that a mouse could attack a chick , but these chicks are really big spherical balls of fat covered in down , and because they are so fat and big they cannot defend themselves , " he said .
I sometimes say that the method of science is to amass such an enormous mountain of evidence that even scientists cannot ignore it ; and that this is the distinguishing characteristic of a scientist , a non-scientist will ignore it anyway .
Max Planck was even less optimistic :
" A new scientific truth does not triumph by convincing its opponents and making them see the light , but rather because its opponents eventually die , and a new generation grows up that is familiar with it . "
I am much tickled by this notion , because it implies that the power of science to distinguish truth from falsehood ultimately rests on the good taste of grad students .
The gradual increase in acceptance of many - worlds in academic physics , suggests that there are physicists who will only accept a new idea given some combination of epistemic justification , and a sufficiently large academic pack in whose company they can be comfortable .
As more physicists accept , the pack grows larger , and hence more people go over their individual thresholds for conversion — with the epistemic justification remaining essentially the same .
But Science still gets there eventually , and this is sufficient for the ratchet of Science to move forward , and raise up a technological civilization .
Scientists can be moved by groundless prejudices , by undermined intuitions , by raw herd behavior — the panoply of human flaws .
Each time a scientist shifts belief for epistemically unjustifiable reasons , it requires more evidence , or new arguments , to cancel out the noise .
The " collapse of the wavefunction " has no experimental justification , but it appeals to the ( undermined ) intuition of a single world .
Then it may take an extra argument — say , that collapse violates Special Relativity — to begin the slow academic disintegration of an idea that should never have been assigned non-negligible probability in the first place .
From a Bayesian perspective , human academic science as a whole is a highly inefficient processor of evidence .
Each time an unjustifiable argument shifts belief , you need an extra justifiable argument to shift it back .
The social process of science leans on extra evidence to overcome cognitive noise .
A more charitable way of putting it is that scientists will adopt positions that are theoretically insufficiently extreme , compared to the ideal positions that scientists would adopt , if they were Bayesian AIs and could trust themselves to reason clearly .
But do n't be too charitable .
The noise we are talking about is not all innocent mistakes .
In many fields , debates drag on for decades after they should have been settled .
And not because the scientists on both sides refuse to trust themselves and agree they should look for additional evidence .
But because one side keeps throwing up more and more ridiculous objections , and demanding more and more evidence , from an entrenched position of academic power , long after it becomes clear from which quarter the winds of evidence are blowing .
( I 'm thinking here about the debates surrounding the invention of evolutionary psychology , not about many - worlds . )
Is it possible for individual humans or groups to process evidence more efficiently — reach correct conclusions faster — than human academic science as a whole ?
" Ideas are tested by experiment .
That is the core of science . "
And this must be true , because if you can't trust Zombie Feynman , who can you trust ?
Yet where do the ideas come from ?
You may be tempted to reply , " They come from scientists .
Got any other questions ? "
In Science you 're not supposed to care where the hypotheses come from — just whether they pass or fail experimentally .
Okay , but if you remove all new ideas , the scientific process as a whole stops working because it has no alternative hypotheses to test .
So inventing new ideas is not a dispensable part of the process .
Now put your Bayesian goggles back on .
As described in Einstein 's Arrogance , there are queries that are not binary — where the answer is not " Yes " or " No " , but drawn from a larger space of structures , e.g. , the space of equations .
In such cases it takes far more Bayesian evidence to promote a hypothesis to your attention than to confirm the hypothesis .
If you 're working in the space of all equations that can be specified in 32 bits or less , you 're working in a space of 4 billion equations .
It takes far more Bayesian evidence to raise one of those hypotheses to the 10 % probability level , than it requires further Bayesian evidence to raise the hypothesis from 10 % to 90 % probability .
When the idea - space is large , coming up with ideas worthy of testing , involves much more work — in the Bayesian - thermodynamic sense of " work " — than merely obtaining an experimental result with p<0.0001 for the new hypothesis over the old hypothesis .
If this does n't seem obvious - at - a - glance , pause here and read Einstein 's Arrogance .
The scientific process has always relied on scientists to come up with hypotheses to test , via some process not further specified by Science .
Suppose you came up with some way of generating hypotheses that was completely crazy — say , pumping a robot - controlled Ouija board with the digits of pi—and the resulting suggestions kept on getting verified experimentally .
The pure ideal essence of Science would n't skip a beat .
The pure ideal essence of Bayes would burst into flames and die .
( Compared to Science , Bayes is falsified by more of the possible outcomes . )
This does n't mean that the process of deciding which ideas to test is unimportant to Science .
It means that Science does n't specify it .
In practice , the robot - controlled Ouija board does n't work .
In practice , there are some scientific queries with a large enough answer space , that picking models at random to test , it would take zillions of years to hit on a model that made good predictions — like getting monkeys to type Shakespeare .
At the frontier of science — the boundary between ignorance and knowledge , where science advances — the process relies on at least some individual scientists ( or working groups ) seeing things that are not yet confirmed by Science .
That 's how they know which hypotheses to test , in advance of the test itself .
If you take your Bayesian goggles off , you can say , " Well , they do n't have to know , they just have to guess . "
If you put your Bayesian goggles back on , you realize that " guessing " with 10 % probability requires nearly as much epistemic work to have been successfully performed , behind the scenes , as " guessing " with 80 % probability — at least for large answer spaces .
The scientist may not know he has done this epistemic work successfully , in advance of the experiment ; but he must , in fact , have done it successfully !
Otherwise he will not even think of the correct hypothesis .
In large answer spaces , anyway .
So the scientist makes the novel prediction , performs the experiment , publishes the result , and now Science knows it too .
It is now part of the publicly accessible knowledge of humankind , that anyone can verify for themselves .
In between was an interval where the scientist rationally knew something that the public social process of science had n't yet confirmed .
And this is not a trivial interval , though it may be short ; for it is where the frontier of science lies , the advancing border .
All of this is more true for non-routine science than for routine science , because it is a notion of large answer spaces where the answer is not " Yes " or " No " or drawn from a small set of obvious alternatives .
It is much easier to train people to test ideas , than to have good ideas to test .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - President George W. Bush will propose freezing most domestic spending in his upcoming 2009 budget and will seek big cost savings from government health care programs , a U.S. official said on Thursday .
U.S. President George W. Bush speaks about his Administration 's Global War on Terror and national security while at the Emerald at Queensridge in Las Vegas , Nevada , January 31 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Larry Downing
In a more than $ 3 trillion budget to be unveiled on Monday , Bush wants to limit to less than 1 percent increases in spending on discretionary programs like transportation and education , but excluding national security , the official said .
He will try to extract some $ 178 billion in savings from Medicare , the health care program for the elderly and disabled , in part by freezing the reimbursement rates for health care providers for three years and requiring wealthier Americans to pay more for prescription drugs .
He will also seek $ 17 billion in savings from Medicaid , the health care program for the poor , according to the official , who declined to be named because the budget has not yet been submitted to Congress .
Bush has been criticized by some members of his own Republican party for tolerating big spending increases in the first several years of his administration .
On his watch , the budget shifted from surpluses to deficits that reached a high of $ 413 billion in 2004 .
In the last three years , the deficits have narrowed but that is about to change .
The budget is expected to forecast deficits of $ 400 billion for both 2008 and 2009 .
And Congress is considering a $ 150 billion economic stimulus package -- backed by Bush -- that would give Americans tax rebates in an effort to ward off a recession .
The package would further add to the deficit .
Bush ’s proposed cuts to the health programs drew immediate fire from Democrats who said they were targeted at the wrong people .
“ The president ’s cuts are exactly the wrong medicine when the cost of health care and the number of uninsured continue to rise and families are feeling economically insecure , ” said House of Representatives Speaker Nancy Pelosi , a California Democrat .
The budget to be unveiled on Monday will fund government operations for the 2009 fiscal year which begins October 1 .
The Preserving the American Dream conference in Houston this past weekend was a lot of fun , but also pretty exhausting .
I ’ll have more detailed reports in upcoming posts , but for now here is an article about Houston ’s housing market by a Federal Reserve Bank economist .
“ Given that Houstonians had access to the same new types of mortgages as the rest of the country and that Houston has had greater population growth than other large metros , we might expect price appreciation to be stronger in Houston than elsewhere , ” says the article .
“ However , the opposite has been true . ”
The reason ?
Houston ’s lack of zoning and its large supply of land available for development allowed builders to respond to easy credit by increasing the pace of construction .
Slow and unpredictable permitting processes prevented builders in many other regions , including Florida and the Pacific Coast states , from similarly stepping up production .
While some cities and regions have further delayed construction by imposing adequate public facilities or concurrency ordinances , Houston allows developers to create their own municipal utility districts .
Through these districts , the developers install the sewer , water , and other facilities needed by their developments and charge the property owners over time .
The result is that housing prices did not bubble , and they are not significantly declining today .
As of the fourth quarter of 2007 , in fact , they were still increasing .
Anecdotal evidence from local realtors and developers indicates that the tightening credit market has soften the demand for homes under $ 200,000 , but homes above that price are still selling well .
Whatever correction Houston faces , says the article , “ takes place in the context of prices that are squarely in line with local construction costs and without the painful supply - induced downturn under way in many other markets . ”
This leaves Houston relatively immune to the ups and downs of housing prices experienced in regions with planning - induced housing shortages .
A US tourist was hit and killed by a train in Rome as he was walking on the tracks in a daze after being drugged and robbed , railway police said .
Police official Giovanni Piccolantonio said that Frank Phel , 74 , from California died at the suburban Tiburtina station early on Friday .
Piccolantonio said Phel and his wife drank drugged cappuccinos offered by a man who later robbed them and left them wandering around the station in a confused state .
Lawyers group wants ' torture memo ' author fired from Berkeley law school Nick Juliano
Published : Thursday April 10 , 2008
|
Print This Email
This A national lawyer 's group is calling for former Justice Department lawyer John Yoo to be dismissed from his position at the University of California , Berkeley , Law School .
Yoo , who authored several controversial memos critics say authorized torture of suspected terrorists , is unfit to continue at the law school , know as Boalt Hall , according to the National Lawyers Guild .
" John Yoo 's complicity in establishing the policy that led to the torture of prisoners constitutes a war crime under the US War Crimes Act , " said National Lawyers Guild President Marjorie Cohn .
A press release from the Guild , which was founded in 1937 as a human rights bar organization , says
Yoo 's memos violate US law and establish an over - broad view of presidential powers .
New York .
In a memorandum written the same month George W. Bush invaded Iraq , Boalt Hall law professor John Yoo said the Department of Justice would construe US criminal laws not to apply to the President 's detention and interrogation of enemy combatants .
According to Yoo , the federal statutes against torture , assault , maiming and stalking do not apply to the military in the conduct of the war .
The federal maiming statute , for example , makes it a crime for someone " with the intent to torture , maim , or disfigure " to " cut , bite , or slit the nose , ear or lip , or cut out or disable the tongue , or put out or destroy an eye , or cut off or disable a limb or any member of another person . "
It further prohibits individuals from " throwing or pouring upon another person any scalding water , corrosive acid , or caustic substance " with like intent .
Yoo also narrowed the definition of torture so the victim must experience intense pain or suffering equivalent to pain associated with serious physical injury so severe that death , organ failure or permanent damage resulting in loss of significant body functions will likely result ;
Yoo 's definition contravenes the definition in the Convention Against Torture , a treaty the US has ratified which is thus part of the US law under the Constitution 's Supremacy Clause .
Yoo said self - defense or necessity could be used as a defense to war crimes prosecutions for torture , notwithstanding the Torture Convention 's absolute prohibition against torture in all circumstances , even in wartime .
This memo and another Yoo wrote with Jay Bybee in August 2002 provided the basis for the Administration 's torture of prisoners .
New
Yoo memos were disclosed last week , including one that seemed to argue the 4th Amendment , which prohibits unreasonable search and seizure of citizens , does not apply to " domestic military operations " overseen by the president .
House Judiciary Committee Chairman John Conyers has invited
Yoo to testify about his preparation of the controversial memos .
For the past few months , I ’ve been having my haircut at various barbershops .
For most of my life , I went to unisex salons that reeked of perm chemicals and mousse .
Every time I ’d go , I ’d walk away with a bad haircut .
On top of that , I always felt out of place .
Most of the clients were usually women and a woman was cutting my hair .
I ’d just go in , sit there silently while the person cut my hair , and leave .
I do n’t know why I stopped going to a barbershop .
As a child , I went to a barbershop on the main street in my hometown .
It was called “ The Friendly Barbershop . ” I remember being fascinated with all the barber stuff .
What I remember most though , was the distinct manliness of the place .
Even as a young child , I could sense that a barbershop was a cool hang out for men .
Twenty years later , I ’m rediscovering the barbershop .
You should too .
A Brief History of Barbershops
The 1880s to the 1940s were the golden age for barbershops .
During this time , men socialized in all - male hangouts , and barbershops rivaled saloons in popularity .
Visiting the barbershop was a weekly , and sometimes daily habit .
Men would stop in not only for a haircut and a shave , but also to fraternize with friends and chew the fat .
During this golden age , barbershops were classy places with often stunning surroundings .
Marble counters were lined with colorful glass - blown tonic bottles .
The barber chairs were elaborately carved from oak and walnut , and fitted with fine leather upholstery .
Everything from the shaving mugs to the advertising signs were rendered with an artistic flourish .
The best shops even had crystal chandeliers hanging from fresco painted ceilings .
Despite this level of luxury , barbershops were homey and inviting .
A memorable and heavenly man aroma filled the air .
The smell of cherry , wintergreen , apple , and butternut flavored pipe and tobacco smoke mixed with the scent of hair tonics , pomades , oils , and neck powders .
These aromas became ingrained in the wood and every cranny of the shop .
The moment a man stepped inside , he was enveloped in the warm and welcoming familiarity .
He was immediately able to relax , and as soon as the hot lather hit his face , his cares would simply melt away .
Listen to our podcast on the history of black barbers in America :
The Decline
The first blow to barbershops came in 1904 when Gillette began mass marketing the safety razor .
Their advertisements touted the razor as more economical and convenient than visiting the barbershop .
The use of safety razors caught on , and during World War I , the US government issued them along with straight razors to the troops .
Having compared the two razors size by side , upon returning home from the front many soldiers discarded both the straight razor and their frequent trips to the barbershop .
Going to the barber for a shave became a special occasion instead of a regular habit .
In the decades after WWI , several other factors combined to weaken the place of the barbershop in society .
Companies like Sears began selling at - home haircutting kits , and mom began cutting Junior ’s and Pop ’s hair .
Then the Depression hit , and people cut back on discretionary spending like barber shaves .
The loss of male lives in the World and Korean wars also shrunk barbers ’ pool of clientele .
Then in the 1960s Beatlemania and the hippie culture seized the country , and hairstyles began to change .
Men started to grow their hair longer and shaggier , and their visits to the barber became infrequent or non-existent .
Even when short hair came back into style during the 1980s , men did not return en masse to the barbershop .
Instead , a new type of hairdresser siphoned off the barbers ’ former customers : the unisex salon .
Places like “ SuperCuts ” which were neither beauty salons nor barbershops , catered to both men and women .
Many states ’ licensing boards accelerated this trend by ceasing to issue barber licenses altogether and instead issuing a unisex “ cosmetologist ” license to all those seeking to enter the hair cutting profession .
Why Every Man Should Go To A Barber Shop
A barber knows how to cut a man ’s hair .
If you ’re like most men these days , you ’re probably going to some unisex chain salon like Supercuts .
I used to do it too .
Most of the time , I ’d walk out of these places with a crappy haircut .
Sometimes , my haircut would look decent for the first week or so , but then it would grow out into a horrible bowl .
The problem is that many of the people who work at salons are not trained barbers .
They ’re cosmetologists .
The difference between the two can spell the difference between a dopey - looking haircut and a great one .
A barber is trained to cut with clippers , the main tool in cutting a man ’s hair .
Cosmetologists , on the other hand , are trained to use scissors .
Their training is also geared towards catering to women ’s hair .
They become experts in styling , coloring , and perming — things a man has no need for .
That ’s why when you ask the cute stylist at SuperCuts to use the number 2 on the clippers , you walk away with a bad haircut .
She ’s probably not well versed in how to use them .
But a barber can employ the clippers with finesse .
It ’s a great place to chew the fat with other men .
When I went to hair stylists , I hardly ever talked to the woman who cut my hair .
I ’d chat about my family and theirs and that ’s about it .
The woman who cut my hair usually ended up chatting with the other women in the salon , while I sat there awkwardly .
Barbers , on the other hand , are interesting guys with interesting stories to tell .
On my visits to the barber shop , I ’ve met a retired Army Ranger colonel , a musician who spent 13 years on the road in a jazz band , and a man who is the third generation in his family to take up the profession .
Each of them had fascinating stories to share .
And I in turn feel at ease to say what ’s on my mind .
There is conversation about politics , cars , sports , and family .
Guys read the newspaper and comment on current events .
In between the banter , jokes are told and laughs are had .
And everyone is involved : the barbers , the customers getting their haircut , and the customers waiting to get their haircut .
Adding to the enjoyment is that a variety of men take part in the conversation ; young , old , and middle - aged join in the mix .
I think there ’s a good argument that barbershops are among America ’s last civic forums .
Where do people go today just to talk with others in the community ?
Coffee shops ?
Every time I go to a coffee shop , people are at their own tables minding their own business .
The only other place that I can think of is a bar , but bars are now co-ed instead of being bastions of manliness .
Graduate student Melissa Harris - Lacewell wrote an article about how discussions in traditionally black barbershops shape political ideas in the African - American community .
She noted how political debate in barbershops can be vigorous and engages young and old alike .
Unfortunately , white Americans are missing out on this experience .
So , if you ’re wanting to get your thumb on the pulse of civic life in your community , head over to the barbershop .
You can get a great shave .
Many barbershops still give traditional single - blade razor shaves .
You have n’t lived until you ’ve experienced the pleasures of a great shave at a barber .
This past weekend , I went to a barber here in town to get a shave .
I reclined in the plush old school barber chairs that had ash trays in the arm rests , a throw back to a time when people could smoke in public places .
Then my shave commenced .
The barber first wrapped a hot towel around my face .
Next , the barber massaged in a lemon - based cream to clean out my pores .
After that , several more hot towels were applied .
By then , I was feeling nice and relaxed , on the verge of falling asleep relaxed .
The barber then massaged in some cocoa butter to soften my beard .
Next , the barber brushed a warm lather into my beard that smelled like man and not like that crappy artificial goo you buy in a can .
The barber then took a piece of razor sharp metal and scraped my beard off for the closest , best shave I ’ve ever had .
Allowing another man to hold a razor to your neck is a good way to remind yourself that you ’re alive .
To finish it all off , I got another hot towel wrapped on my face along with a final face massage with a soothing vanishing cream .
When I stepped out of the shop , I felt like a new man , ready to take on the world .
It ’s a great activity to do with your father or son .
Men need traditions that can help bond them together .
Visiting the barbershop with your father or son is a great tradition to begin in your family .
Many men have been going to the same barber all their life and have introduced their sons to the same chair and the same barber .
What a great way to bond with the men in your life !
You ’ll feel manlier .
Every time I go to the barber shop I just feel manlier .
I do n’t know what it is .
Perhaps it ’s the combination of the smell of hair tonics and the all - man atmosphere .
But more so , it ’s the awareness of the tradition of barbershops .
Barbershops are places of continuity ; they do n’t change with the shifts in culture .
The places and barbers look the same as they did when your dad got his hair cut .
It ’s a straightforward experience with none of the foofoo accouterments of the modern age .
There are no waxings , facials , highlights , or appointments .
Just great haircuts and great conversation .
When you walk out of the barber shop with a sharp haircut , you ca n’t help but feel a bit of manly swagger creep into your step .
So next time you spot that familiar red and white striped pole , stop in .
You ’ll be glad you did .
Flash is already ill - regarded by Mac users for its wretched performance , detested by Linux users for its proprietary nature , and disliked by millions of web users for its general annoyance factor .
The larger problem , though , is that Flash breaks the web and defies established conventions that make the web usable .
There are no hyperlinks per se ( only clickable spots ) , no way to determine where clicking will take you , and no way to get back there ( that is , no URI s or URL s ) .
Even worse — and one of the reasons Flash is so beloved by certain types of content creators —
Flash is a black hole ; nothing comes out , which makes Flash entirely inaccessible for reuse , collaboration , or whatever the next great idea on the web is .
Case in point : we ’re headed to Oslo this summer for a wedding , and the happy couple are registered at ( surprise , surprise ) a Norwegian retailer of fine table - and kitchenware .
Part of the registry website is plain - old HTML , which means the non-obvious Norwegian words and phrases I encounter can magically become mostly - intelligible English words and phrases thanks to the wonders of Google Translate .
The other part of the store ’s registry website , unfortunately , is a series of Flash objects .
These are completely opaque to anything that reads the web .
Google Translate can’t translate the “ button ” labels , and I ca n’t hover over the buttons to see where clicking them will take me ( or even inspect the page source to learn the destination , which slightly crazy people have been known to do in order to get useful information ) .
I ca n’t copy and paste the “ button ” labels into Google Translate , because , for all intents and purposes , they ’re bitmaps , so if I persist in my efforts to have Google Translate decipher the site for me , I have to manually enter some Norwegian text ( no non- ASCII characters on these buttons , thankfully ) .
It ’s painful , and it ’s frustrating that what would “ just work ” in standard HTML has become a chore that only the most crazed or desperate among us will actually stick with through completion .
What ’s worse , there seems to be no compelling reason for the “ buttons ” in question to be Flash ; unless the site intentionally desires to obfuscate the destinations of each “ button , ” the only “ functionality ” provided by Flash is a hover effect .
: hover , anyone ?
Perhaps you ’re thinking , “ this is an unusual / rare / contrived situation ; there ’s no real - word applicability here . ”
Unusual or rare , sure , but why cut yourself off from the opportunity to be useful / profitable from every situation presented ( Occasionem oblatam tenete — Cicero ) , when you could just as easily ( or perhaps even more easily ; surely HTML + CSS is easier than writing a Flash applet ? ) be open to them ?
Norwegian retailers do n’t have to worry about making their sites accessible to non-Norwegian speakers ;
Google can do it for them , if only they would use real text , the real web , HTML .
No expenditure at all would be required to get this added market , but the retailers could reap the benefits of a scenario they never expected .
Every day on the web , use - cases you have n’t thought of are appearing and becoming mainstream , and in the rapidly changing world of technology , do you really want to be left behind or have to spend extra time and money re-working your site to become compatible with the next great movement on the web ?
Please , turn off the Flash .
Permalink
For years , American and British politics were in sync .
Reagan came in roughly the same time as Thatcher , and Clinton ’s Third Way approach mirrored Blair’s .
But the British conservatives never had a Gingrich revolution in the 1990s or the Bush victories thereafter .
They got their losing in early , and , in the wilderness , they rethought modern conservatism while their American counterparts were clinging to power .
Today , British conservatives are on the way up , while American conservatives are on the way down .
British conservatives have moved beyond Thatcherism , while American conservatives pine for another Reagan .
The British Conservative Party enjoyed a series of stunning victories in local elections last week , while polls show American voters thoroughly rejecting the Republican brand .
The flow of ideas has changed direction .
It used to be that American conservatives shaped British political thinking .
Now the influence is going the other way .
The British conservative renovation begins with this insight :
The central political debate of the 20th century was over the role of government .
The right stood for individual freedom while the left stood for extending the role of the state .
But the central debate of the 21st century is over quality of life .
In this new debate , it is necessary but insufficient to talk about individual freedom .
Political leaders have to also talk about , as one Tory politician put it , “ the whole way we live our lives . ”
WASHINGTON , DC -- Yesterday 's extraordinary simultaneous ouster of the Secretary of the Air Force and the Air Force chief of staff , followed by the naming of Trilateral Commissioner and Carter administration veteran James Rodney Schlesinger to purge USAF generals and colonels , dramatically documents the fact that power in Washington DC is no long in the hands of the Bush - Cheney - neocon clique , but has passed to the Brzezinski - Trilateral faction .
Defense Secretary Robert Gates announced the firing of Air Force Secretary Michael W. Wynne and Air Force Chief of Staff Gen. T. Michael Moseley , citing the failure of the Air Force to maintain the security of strategic nuclear forces , as shown in the infamous rogue B - 52 incident of late August 2007 , when a B - 52 intercontinental strategic bomber with six nuclear armed cruise missiles flew from North Dakota to Louisiana totally outside of the purview of the USAF command control and communications systems .
Gates also mentioned that four high - tech electrical nosecone fuses for Minuteman nuclear warheads were sent to Taiwan in place of helicopter batteries , along with other failures .
Gates is a leading member of the Principals '
Committee , an interagency group which now runs the US government from day to day with scant reference to the discredited outgoing lame ducks Bush and Cheney , who stay on mainly as figureheads .
The Principals ' Committee has been in charge of the US government since no later than early May , around the time of the Indiana and North Carolina primaries , when the controlled corporate media began trumpeting that Obama was the winner of the Democratic nomination .
The Principals ' Committee is made up of Pentagon boss Gates , Secretary of State Rice , NSC director Hadley , Joint Chiefs of Staff head Mullen , intelligence czar McConnell , along with a few others .
These figures are now marching to the tune of Trilateral Commission bigwigs like Zbigniew Brzezinski , Joseph Nye , and the Rockefeller family .
These are the same forces who own and control the Wall Street Manchurian candidate Obama .
It is notable that the high - profile purge of the USAF came less than 48 hours after Obama had unilaterally proclaimed himself the Democratic presidential nominee .
The rogue B - 52 flew with six nuclear cruise missiles from Minot AFB North Dakota to Barksdale AFB Louisiana last August 30 .
Source reports published by Wayne Madsen suggest that the B - 52 was stopped by patriotic low - level USAF personnel .
As the issue of whether to allow the plane to fly on to the Middle East went up the chain of command and expanded to involve the intelligence agencies , it transpired that the majority of the government and the establishment did not want the plane to attack targets in the Middle East .
The scandal of the rogue B - 52 broke on September 5 , and a stand - down and nuclear census of the entire USAF soon followed .
According to all indications , the B - 52 was under the extra-legal control of the Cheney faction , which evidently planned to fly it to the Middle East and quite possibly use one or more of the nuclear cruise missiles in an attack on Iran and / or Syria , probably in cooperation or coordination with the Israeli air attack on Syria which occurred on September 6 .
The fact that the B - 52 was blocked may have represented the last gasp of the Bush - Cheney - neocon faction , and the beginning of the hegemony of a different and far more dangerous group , namely the Brzezinski - Trilateral faction .
The Gates purge indicates that the new Trilateral masters of Washington DC do not trust the USAF generals who are so deeply compromised with the Bush - Cheney - neocon faction .
The USAF was up to its neck in 9/11 , and then in the rogue B - 52 affair .
The Trilaterals are accordingly driving out the old rogues , and replacing them with new rogue generals of their own , who are loyal to the insane Trilateral agenda .
Brzezinski does not want nuclear weapons wasted on Iran , which he intends to turn into an expendable puppet or kamikaze pawn in his apocalyptic showdown with Russian and China .
This is what Obama 's appeasement of Iran actually aims at : Iran as a US asset to be played against Russia and China .
Brzezinski wants to be in control of those nukes , since he may soon need them for use against Russia and China .
Those who might celebrate the defeat of the Bush - Cheney - neocon group must rather face the fact that the US has just jumped out of the frying pan of conventional invasions and into the fire of looming thermonuclear confrontations among the great powers .
This is the real nature of the change for which Obama is the public symbol .
Obama 's foreign policy will be dictated in every respect by Trilateral co-founder Brzezinski .
Obama is now supported and surrounded by Trilateral members David Rockefeller , Jay Rockefeller , Joseph Nye , Paul Adolph Volcker , Jimmy Carter , and many more .
With James " Rodney the Robot " Schlesinger now helping to purge the Pentagon , including its associated intelligence agencies , the Trilateral grip on Washington DC is tightening .
Obama 's choice of a vice president will be dictated by long - time Trilateral stalwart Jim Johnson .
The rogue B - 52 incident was forecast by me in an essay entitled " Cheney Determined to Strike in US with WMD This Summer , " issued on July 21 , 2007 , and widely distributed on the internet and in print form .
This was followed by the Kennebunkport Warning , which was posted online in the evening of August 26 , 2007 , less than 72 hours before the rogue B - 52 nuclear missiles were loaded .
By September 3 , the Kennebunkport Warning was posted on 110,000 web sites worldwide .
The precision and timeliness of this warning represent an unprecedented intelligence achievement .
But now , the danger of a US attack on Iran is very low .
Brzezinski's hit list is much more ambitious , and includes Sudan , Pakistan , Burma , and China , all stepping stones to the final reckoning with Moscow .
The main possibility of an attack on Iran in the present situation comes from disgruntled Israeli factions like the one around Netanyahu who are aghast that they are being demoted from their previous role as the hub of US strategy to the status of just another expendable pawn in Brzezinski 's lunatic plan for confrontation with Beijing and Moscow .
The Israelis are horrified by Obama , just as everyone in the world should be .
The winning faction of the US - UK establishment does not want the attack on Iran , and the Israelis would be foolhardy to try it on their own .
The threats today from former IDF chief and Israeli Transport Minister Shaul Mofaz about an Israeli solo attack on Iran because of the failure of economic sanctions to stop nuclear development are indicative of deep discontent , but the guess here is that they are a bluff .
We will soon find out : if the Israelis do not strike Iran in the next few weeks , they will have lost their chance as the Trilaterals continue to consolidate their power .
Webster Tarpley is the author of Obama - The Postmodern Coup : The Making of a Manchurian Candidate .
Fred Hutch Obliteride raises more than $ 3 million in 2020 Fundraising exceeds organizers ’ expectations in unprecedented pandemic era
Fred Hutch - led clinical trial shows new smartphone app helps smokers quit JAMA Internal Medicine study shows iCanQuit app , based on acceptance and commitment therapy , is 1 1/ 2 times more efficacious than National Cancer Institute QuitGuide app , based on US clinical practice guidelines
Tip Sheet : Colorectal cancer , COVID - 19 super - spreading , gene therapy for herpes , contagious cancer in Tasmanian devils – and more Summaries of recent Fred Hutch research findings and other news with links for additional background and media contacts .
New gene therapy approach eliminates at least 90 % latent herpes simplex virus 1 In Nature Communications , Fred Hutch scientists demonstrate in a mouse model how gene therapy could cure an infection that afflicts billions of people
Tip Sheet : COVID - 19 vaccines , COVID - 19 and cancer patients , smoking cessation apps , structural racism in medicine – and more Below are summaries of recent Fred Hutch research findings and other news with links for additional background and media contacts .
Seattle to Glow Orange to Support Fred Hutch Cancer , COVID - 19 Research Thousands from around the world are participating in Fred Hutch Obliteride 2020
Fred Hutch joins international COVID - 19 vaccine effort New clinical trials network will evaluate vaccines and antibodies to prevent COVID - 19
Tip Sheet : SARS - CoV - 2 antibodies , COVID - 19 and health disparities , eating in tough times and immune protection in breast milk SEATTLE – July 7 , 2020 – Below are summaries of recent Fred Hutch research findings and other news with links for additional background and media contacts .
Fred Hutch announces reductions in workforce
In response to economic impact from COVID - 19 , Fred Hutch laid off 76 employees from its South Lake Union campus and eliminated 81 open positions
Fred Hutch announces new additions and leadership to board of trustees Kathy Surace - Smith elected as new chair ; Leigh Morgan takes on vice chair position ; Connie Kravas and Pete Shimer become newest members
Fred Hutch and University of Washington experts : Treat COVID - 19 earlier to save lives
New review article in Open Forum Infectious Diseases suggests “ golden opportunity being missed ”
Join Drs. Larry Corey and John Mascola for a discussion on COVID - 19 vaccines
Hear from two global experts about how existing partnerships , networks and infrastructure can be used to develop , test and distribute vaccines safely and effectively , in record time
Tip Sheet : HIV and COVID - 19 , antibody interactions , immune responses to colorectal cancer and how Fred Hutch is getting back to work SEATTLE – June 2 , 2020 – Below are summaries of recent Fred Hutch research findings and other news with links for additional background and media contacts .
Fred Hutch Obliteride changes gears , shifts to individual events for 2020 Obliteride goes global to accelerate cancer and COVID - 19 research
Fred Hutch announces new collaboration with Roche leveraging digital technology to help cancer patients undergoing chemotherapy Project will focus on reducing unplanned emergency department visits through a remote monitoring system
Fred Hutch , NIH experts outline plan for COVID - 19 vaccines
In a Science perspective , experts urge multi-pronged , coordinated approach to successfully develop COVID - 19 vaccines
Fred Hutch and the Seattle Cancer Care Alliance awarded Bank of America grant for COVID - 19 relief efforts
Money will support purchase of medical equipment and testing development
Fred Hutch announces 9 recipients of the Dr. Eddie Méndez award
The annual honor recognizes postdoctoral cancer biology researchers from underrepresented minority groups
Ferrari SpA released official pictures and specs today on their site dedicated to the new “ California ” GT model .
Recently here on MyComputerNinja we had spy pictures available , and it is good to see that the rear end looks nothing like the heavily camouflaged rear of the test car .
It is interesting to note that this is the first use of a direct injection fuel system by Ferrari , and a dual - clutch 7 - speed transmission also marks a first for the marquee .
Rumour has it , the new GT will cost in the ballpark of the outgoing F430 , which might strike some as a bit high comparitively .
Check out the Official Press Release for more details .
Powered by Adsense Deluxe Revived
Like a wisecracking sidekick who winds up stealing the movie from a too - bland lead actor , graphics processing units are edging more general - purpose central processing units out of the limelight .
" There 's this conventional wisdom [ that the ] GPU equals games , and a fast PC is a fast CPU , " says Rob Csonger , Nvidia 's vice president of corporate marketing .
" The truth today is the GPU is accelerating everything because everything is rendered now . "
Over the past several years , graphics processing units have evolved from highly specialized components coveted by Mountain Dew - swilling Unreal Tournament devotees to high - performance computing engines used by academic researchers .
The latest shift has seen yet another transformation of the GPU into a fully programmable , open - architecture chip , in some cases just as flexible as – and packing far more parallel - processing power than – today 's general - purpose central processing units .
The evolution of the GPU has prompted changes throughout the computer industry , from PC manufacturers who are modifying systems to better take advantage of GPUs , to software makers who are adding features designed to exploit the now - ubiquitous graphics chips .
Recent demos by Adobe showing how Photoshop and Flash might make use of GPU acceleration are merely the latest in a parade of software and hardware vendors copping to the power of the GPU .
While much of the GPU market these days is still anchored to the videogame market , graphics rendering has become increasingly important to a wide range of ordinary computing tasks .
On the mobile front , the iPhone and iPod Touch , both of which use a version of Imagination Technologies '
PowerVR MBX mobile graphics processor core , have cemented the notion that whizzy graphics capabilities can add exponentially to user experiences – especially on touchscreen devices .
Other handset manufacturers , such as Nokia and Sony Ericsson , have also started incorporating robust 3 - D graphic acceleration chips into their high - end phones .
And modern operating systems , like Microsoft 's Vista and Apple 's Leopard , can barely open a text file without making heavy use of the GPU , thanks to their 3 - D interfaces and slick visual effects .
What 's more , the GPU 's parallel architecture makes it well suited to a variety of modern computing tasks .
" When you look at the GPU what you 're basically looking at is a highly parallel processing engine , " explains Mercury Research analyst Dean McCarron .
While today 's top- end CPUs boast four cores , GPUs have anywhere between 80 and 128 cores .
That makes them particularly adept at doing tasks that require a lot of simultaneous number crunching , such as 2 - D and 3 - D graphics , but also cryptography , scientific modeling , transcoding HD video streams and even running financial market simulations .
Many high - end GPUs also include a video unit for faster encoding and decoding of video data , which companies like Elemental Technologies are already taking advantage of with new GPU - accelerated video - processing software .
" Ultimately , everything you now see on your computer now touches the GPU in some way or another , " notes McCarron .
The GPU 's increasing clout is also starting to have a profound effect on how manufacturers and chipmakers build computers .
For instance , Gateway recently introduced a budget gaming laptop , the P - 6831 FX , that makes use of a mid-range GPU ( the Nvidia GeForce 8800 M ) to compensate for a relatively anemic CPU ( a 1.6 - GHz Intel Core Duo ) – a strategy that gives the laptop decent performance with a budget $ 1,200 price tag .
The laptop has been more or less sold out at Best Buy since its introduction early this year .
On the software side , consumer - oriented companies are also increasingly relying on the GPU .
Adobe recently announced that the forthcoming version of its Flash Player would start using GPU acceleration to support 3 - D effects , video card acceleration and large bitmap images of up to 8,191 pixels per side .
" When you boil it down , the GPU is really just a type of CPU that is used for calculating floating point operations , " says Tom Barclay , senior product marketing manager for Adobe 's Flash Player .
" With that , you get high bandwidth , you get additional memory , and you get what 's basically a really versatile processor . "
Cooliris is another company that figured out how to harness the GPU , in this case for a better web - browsing experience .
Working with Nvidia , the company recently debuted an application called Piclens .
Instead of relying on the 2 - D interface you get when hunting down pictures and videos on YouTube , Flickr or Google , Piclens renders all of those results as a glowing tower of images that you can scroll through and zoom in and out of effortlessly .
" People get caught up in the 3 - D element of [ Piclens ] – the flashy element – but I think there is also a fundamental navigation problem we 're solving , " says co-founder Josh Schwarzapel .
That is :
How do we make a dauntingly large volume of content easily searchable ?
As more and more of our personal content finds its way into digital form , graphics - intensive interfaces to that data , like Piclens and Delicious Library , will look less like visual frippery and will become essential tools for navigation .
In the end , the display may not be the computer , as Nvidia CEO Jen - Hsun Huang declared in a 2002 Wired magazine profile .
But in today 's computing environment , the pixel is definitely king .
And that can only mean good things for the GPU 's future .
You are here : Home / Funny Stuff / The 10 Most Ridiculous Rapper Chains
Rappers love their jewelry .
Some rappers do n’t even have their own homes but as long as the ice is right , it ’s all gravy like Fat Joe ’s dinner table .
I ’ve seen some cool rapper chains … but I ’ve also seen a lot of terrible ones .
More often than not rappers seem to buy chains for reaction rather than thinking “ is this something I ’ll actually wear a week from now ? ”
Here are the 10 most ridiculous rapper chains .
10 . YUNG BERG
Berg ’s chain was n’t the worst looking one around , but I just do n’t understand why this guy has Â a Transformers symbol around his neck ?
Was he in the movie ?
I used to like to watch The Flintstones but I also have a grip on reality and do n’t need an iced out Barney .
If you love a certain cartoon tell people on Facebook … not your neck .
9. YUNG JOC
Yung Joc ’s chain says “ Hustlenomics . ”
It could also seriously injure a baby .
The worst thing about this chain is just how big and terrible it looks … kinda just like a hunk of metal hanging off his neck .
The person wearing it does n’t help the situation either .
The “ H ” is for horrible .
8. GUCCI MANE
Cowabullshit .
Why would a grown ass man want this chain ?
Is n’t your chain supposed to impress women ?
Imagine screwin’ a chick with Bart Simpson hangin ’ on her titties ?
Yeah sure Bart ’s happy but you look like a tool .
7. GHOSTFACE KILLAH
Yes Ghostface used to wear a dinner plate around his neck …he also used to wear a gigantic eagle on his arm .
And while the plate does look ridiculous , it also opened the door for everyone to rock chains .
Hit your mom ’s china cabinet , get some rope and your in business .
Even little Ghostface rocked it :
6. VERBAL FROM THE TERIYAKI BOYZ
“ Ya colors too bright . ”
Not too sure what to say about this one .
It looks like someone shitted out coloured diamonds and this is what happened .
It ’s not that surprising since the guy is wearing 3 - D glasses .
I ’d need to be in a drug induced coma to wear this .
5. RICK ROSS
Unless you ARE Jesus Christ , do n’t do this .
The worst part is that some people probably mistake it for Uncle Phil from Fresh Prince wearing sunglasses .
The question remains :
Are those sunglasses iced out Ricky is rockin’ real or fake ?
4. BUSTA RHYMES
If you are gonna drop serious dollars on a chain , make sure it does n’t look like it was a 2 for 1 special at the flea market .
This shit is just ugly .
The “ Map Of New York City ” portion on top looks like it would break off mad easy and the colours give New York City a sort of Fruity Pebbles vibe .
I hope Busta kept the receipt .
3. T- PAIN
* NOTE – T - Pain started off as a rapper and still raps .
He counts .
According to T - Pain on Twitter , this chain cost him $ 410,000 .
I ’m pretty sure there are kids in Ethiopia right now playing darts with a picture of Teddy P. I get the joke .
It ’s a big ass chain and it says “ Big Ass Chain . ” Hilarious .
You know what else is funny ?
How dumb it looks .
2. SEAN KINGSTON
There are so many things to dislike about Sean Kingston that it makes it challenging to just focus on the chain .
That being said , I ’m gonna do my best .
First of all why ?
Does anyone look at this and go “ yo Sean that is dope man . ”
He ’s lucky those crayons do n’t come out the box ’ cause if he wore this around me I ’d go straight colouring book status on his eyes .
1. SKOOL BOY
I do n’t know who Skool Boy is but I do know he has the most ridiculous chain I ’ve ever seen .
Look , I love chicken wings but you do n’t see me with an iced out 10 piece around my neck do you ?
I ’d imagine even the person he bought this from looked at him like “ n* gga is you crazy ? ”
It has gotta be rough when your chain has more buzz than you .
May 30 , 2008  --
Anyone who has attended a Major League Baseball game in the past decade has probably seen a " Kiss Cam " where couples throughout the ballpark are featured locking lips on the big- screen JumboTrons .
But controversy over ballpark kissing erupted at Safeco Field in Seattle this week when a same - sex couple claimed they were discriminated against because of their sexual orientation , which stadium officials deny .
Sirbrina Guerrero , 23 , says she and her partner , who requested anonymity , were just " exchanging pecks , " not acting any differently than heterosexual couples at the game , when park officials told them to stop " making out " or leave the facility .
" We were acting the same as any other dates that were out there , except we were a lesbian couple , " she said .
" When you bring a date to a game , you kiss once in a while .
But it 's not like we were making out .
We were just kissing as regular couples do .
I would never make out with anyone at a baseball game . "
Stadium officials are investigating the incident , but Safeco Field 's code of conduct includes a provision stating that " staff will proactively intervene to support an environment where guests can enjoy the Safeco Field experience free from unacceptable behavior , including … displays of affection not appropriate in a family setting . "
Guerrero claims that Safeco failed initially to clarify what affection was " not appropriate , " but eventually told her that policy prohibits any public displays of affection , which , in this case , was not shown on the big screen .
" They have a policy that says you can't be conducting in that behavior , but honestly , the Mariners stadium has a kissing camera , " Guerrero said .
" So I do n't understand how they would say you 're not allowed to show public affection when they 're blasting it across the stadium . "
In a crowd of 30,000 people , Guerrero wonders how only one couple were reprimanded for displaying affection .
When asked whether she believes Safeco officials singled her and her partner out solely because they were a same - sex couple , Guerrero said , " Absolutely .
Otherwise I would n't be so upset about it . "
Since the Monday night incident , Guerrero and her partner have filed a formal discrimination complaint against Safeco Field .
" Washington state law says that you cannot be discriminated against , even as same - sex couples at a public event , " she said .
" And we were .
Everyone I 've talked to is really upset , because they know it was wrong and they do n't agree with the way it was handled . "
Washington passed a law in 2006 that specifically bans discrimination of same - sex couples in any public setting .
Rebecca Hale , the Seattle Mariners ' director of public information , denies that the couple were singled out because of their gender or sexual orientation .
" We 're trying to figure out the actual behavior that happened ; it has nothing to do with the individual , " Hale said .
" We 're taking the claim very seriously , but we 're trying to talk to everybody and ascertain exactly what happened , and then we will be able to make a decision on how to proceed . "
Stadium personnel intervened because of a specific complaint from a mother and her son , Hale said .
" They were responding to a complaint from a fan who thought there was an inappropriate display of affection ; there was no subjective singling out by the stadium , " Hale said .
" We take both parties ' concerns seriously , but we can't really say anything because we are still investigating exactly what happened .
But I do know that we have a policy in place that is meant to be welcoming to all fans , so all fans can enjoy their experience , regardless of race , sexual orientation , physical ability , etc . "
The discrimination claim by Guerrero is not the first time Safeco Field has been at the center of same - sex controversy .
In 2004 , the stadium was the site of a " MAYDAY for Marriage " rally , in which more than 20,000 people turned out to protest same - sex unions .
Julie Oleson , 25 , who , along with several other lesbians , was attending the game with Guerrero , said the rally surfaced in her mind immediately .
" It definitely popped into my head , but I 'm from Seattle , and there 's an anti-discrimination law .
It was still very surprising , " Oleson said .
" The fact that we were approached and singled out at a baseball game …… it was all frustrating .
We were enjoying our $ 10 tickets like everybody else in the nosebleeds . "
Oleson , who spoke to the guest services supervisor when the situation between Guerrero and stadium officials continued to escalate , has been equally frustrated with Safeco 's handling of the incident since it occurred .
" After the situation escalated and I had had enough , I went to the security captain , " Oleson said .
" He actually instead was like , ' Is this just kissing ?
Oh , this is no big deal , just go back to your seats and enjoy the game . '
So first it was a problem , then it was n't problem .
It seemed like the supervisor just tried to sweep it under the rug like nothing happened , I guess hoping we would just let it go . "
Guerrero and Oleson have spoken to Safeco officials once since the game .
" I talked with a rep from the Mariners who was looking for more clarification , " Oleson said .
" She gave an apology , but it was hard to figure out who she was apologizing for , like what was behind it , since she did n't say they did anything wrong .
I still have n't gotten a definition of what ' inappropriate behavior ' is , but I would like to go to a place where it did n't matter . "
Melissa Benites , 25 , a friend who attended the game with Guerrero , said the couple filed a formal complaint because it was a chance to make a statement for a greater cause .
" It could have been a situation where we just let it go like it was n't a big deal , but we felt we needed to stand up for ourselves and more importantly , other same - sex couples . "
Guerrero , who has appeared on the popular MTV reality show " A Shot at Love 2 With Tila Tequila , " agreed .
" This is definitely a greater cause , " she said .
" I 'm a firm believer in equal rights , and I want everyone to know what happened to me so it does n't happen to them in the future . "
The results of Safeco 's investigation are still to come but the specific behavior will be the deciding factor , said Mariners spokeswoman
Hale , questioning whether the couple were only " pecking . "
" I 've talked to one girl who we asked to characterize the level of behavior , and she admitted it was affectionate kissing , " Hale said .
" Now I do n't know what that means , but it says to me it was something more than just an innocent kiss .
All I can say is that we 're still investigating and talking to all parties involved . "
The women are still considering their legal options , but have said they will be wary of returning to Safeco Field .
" I 've been out for six years and nothing like this has ever happened , " Guerrero said .
" But it 's not the Mariners , it 's Safeco .
I have n't even received an apology from them or any kind of contact at all . "
Slideshow ( 2 images )
LOS ANGELES ( Hollywood Reporter ) - “ Law & Order ” veteran Jesse L. Martin is leaving the long - running NBC drama after nine years , and will be replaced by Anthony Anderson .
Martin will film one more episode of the series , in which his character , Detective Ed Green , will be written off , sources said .
The actor had signed on to do the first 13 episodes this season with an option for more .
Anderson will play a new detective partnered with Jeremy Sisto ’s Cyrus Lupo , who joined the revolving lineup this season .
Anderson previously appeared as a cop on an episode of the spinoff “ Law & Order : SVU . ”
“ Law & Order ” continues Anderson ’s streak of dramatic roles , including FX’s “ The Shield , ” Martin Scorsese ’s “ The Departed ” and , most recently , Fox ’s gritty cop drama “ K - Ville , ” for which he landed an Image Award nomination .
His feature credits also “ Barbershop ” and “ Hustle & Flow . ”
Martin , who recently wrapped the feature “ Peter and Vandy , ” next is set to portray Marvin Gaye in the biopic “ Sexual Healing , ” which is expected to begin production in late April or early May .
Reuters / Hollywood Reporter
It hap­pens .
Often .
Why ?
We just secured an inter­view with Ori Braf­man , co-author of Sway : The Irre­sistible Pull of Irra­tional Behav­ior ( Dou­ble­day Busi­ness , 2008 ) , to dis­cuss our Dark Side ( well , he calls it “ dif­fer­ent hid­den forces ” and “ psy­cho­log­i­cal under­cur­rents ” ) .
While read­ing some reviews about his book , I par­tic­u­lar­ly enjoyed find­ing , after the usu­al impres­sive long col­lec­tion of endorse­ments , this “ dis­claimer ” :
* DISCLAIMER :
If you decide to buy this book because of these endorse­ments , you just got swayed .
One of the psy­cho­log­i­cal forces you ’ll read about in Sway is our ten­den­cy to place a high­er val­ue on opin­ions from peo­ple in posi­tions of promi­nence , pow­er , or author­i­ty .
( But you should still buy the book . )
Alvaro Fer­nan­dez ( AF ) : Ori , what is SWAY ?
can you give us a cou­ple quick exam­ples ?
Ori Braf­man ( OB ) : Sway is about why per­fect­ly ratio­nal peo­ple make irra­tional choic­es .
We inter­viewed busi­ness exec­u­tives , air­line pilots , doc­tors , and even a Supreme Court Jus­tice to uncov­er the psy­cho­log­i­cal forces that affect our deci­sion - mak­ing .
What was espe­cial­ly inter­est­ing was to find out that we all get swayed , and that these psy­cho­log­i­cal forces are much more ubiq­ui­tous than we thought .
Take , for instance , the sto­ry of Jacob Van Zan­ten who was the head of safe­ty for KLM .
One fog­gy after­noon , Van Zan­ten took off with­out get­ting tow­er clear­ance , caus­ing the biggest air­line acci­dent in his­to­ry .
Why would this man , who ’s the head of safe­ty make such an irra­tional choice ?
Or look at the sto­ry of Har­vard Busi­ness School stu­dents who paid $ 204 for a twen­ty - dol­lar bill .
AF : Hap­py to have attend­ed Stan­ford …
Now , how did that hap­pen ?
OB : The pro­fes­sor set up an auc­tion for a $ 20 bill .
But there was a twist .
The win­ner would get the $ 20 bill .
But the sec­ond place bid­der , would still have to hon­or his bid , but would get noth­ing .
At first there are lots of bid­ders , but then as the bid­ding approach­es $ 20 peo­ple start pulling out .
Inevitably , though two peo­ple stay in .
As the bid­ding con­tin­ued to rise , the sec­ond - place per­son became deter­mined to not be the suck­er who pays good mon­ey for noth­ing in return .
The amaz­ing thing is that time after time the auc­tion con­tin­ues well past the $ 20 point .
Peo­ple are just so deter­mined not to lose , that they keep on bid­ding up .
AF : Why do peo­ple get Swayed ?
OB : With­out real­iz­ing it , we get swept up by a host of dif­fer­ent hid­den forces .
I think of it like being in a boat in the mid­dle of the ocean .
It may look like we ’re stand­ing still , but under­neath the sur­face , under­cur­rents move us with­out us real­iz­ing it .
The same thing hap­pens with psy­cho­log­i­cal under­cur­rents .
In Sway , we look at some of the major under­cur­rents and explore how they inter­sect trig­ger­ing so many dif­fer­ent irra­tional behav­iors .
The thing is that we ’re prone to psy­cho­log­i­cal sways all of the time –whether we ’re con­duct­ing a job inter­view , going out on a first date , or decid­ing whether to sell a stock .
AF : Let ’s be prac­ti­cal for a minute … what can peo­ple do to Sway oth­er peo­ple ?
OB : We ’re con­stant­ly engaged in a hid­den dance of sorts where we sway peo­ple around us and are swayed by oth­ers .
One of the most unusu­al stud­ies we encoun­tered has to do with what we call the chameleon effect .
In the study , a group of men and women–who had nev­er met each other–were told to have a short phone con­ver­sa­tion .
Now , before the con­ver­sa­tion , each man was shown a pic­ture of the woman he ’d be talk­ing to .
Unbe­knownst to the men , the pic­tures were fake .
And half the men were shown a pic­ture of a beau­ti­ful woman , while the oth­er half were shown a pic­ture of a less attrac­tive woman .
The pic­tures had noth­ing to do with how the real women looked like , and the real women had no idea that there were any pic­tures shown .
The kick­er is that the women who the men thought were pret­ty end­ed up sound­ing beau­ti­ful on the phone .
And the women who the men thought were less attrac­tive end­ed up sound­ing less beau­ti­ful .
We take on the roles oth­ers ascribe to us .
Think about that with employ­ees or even with your kids .
If we think some­one is smart , there ’s a good chance they ’ll live up to that role .
AF : And what can peo­ple do to pre­vent being Swayed ?
OB : The biggest step is to rec­og­nize how often we get swayed .
We have a ten­den­cy to think that our deci­sions are ratio­nal , when in fact , dif­fer­ent sways may have informed the deci­sion .
Once we real­ize that we ’re prone to get swayed , the sec­ond step is fig­ur­ing out spe­cif­ic strate­gies to counter the sway .
It ranges from tak­ing a long - term per­spec­tive to using empir­i­cal mod­els for job inter­views .
AF : For exam­ple ?
OB : We have a propen­si­ty to “ diag­nose ” a job can­di­date from the first moment we meet him or her .
We assign a diag­no­sis , and are unable to see things in a dif­fer­ent light despite objec­tive evi­dence to the con­trary .
It ’s for this rea­son that job inter­views are ter­ri­ble pre­dic­tors of actu­al per­for­mance .
A much more effec­tive approach is to con­duct very struc­tured inter­views that do n’t allow man­agers to get swayed .
In these inter­views , the ques­tions are pre-script­ed and focus on expe­ri­ence and abil­i­ty rather than vague things like “ what ’s your biggest strength ? ”
We call these the Joe Fri­day inter­view ( just the facts … )
These inter­views may seem less per­son­al , but they ’re actu­al­ly much more effec­tive for actu­al­ly select­ing a good can­di­date .
AF : Ori , thank you very much for your time .
OB : My plea­sure !
— — — — ——
–
For more infor­ma­tion :
- Sway : The Irre­sistible Pull of Irra­tional Behav­ior ( Dou­ble­day Busi­ness , 2008 ) .
- Oth­er Brain and Mind Books .
— — — — ——
–
Can you share a recent Stu­pid Deci­sion made by a Smart Brain ?
If it refers to yourself … you get 1,000 bonus points !
I ’ll be hap­py to share mine as a com­ment below in a cou­ple of days .
By Fiona MacRae
Last updated at 19:23 27 March 2008
Arsene Wenger can sniff out trouble on the pitch for Arsenal
It has long been held that some people have a nose for trouble .
Now scientists have shown we really can sniff out danger .
Research shows we quickly learn to link smells with bad experiences , enabling us to avoid the same pitfalls later in life .
It is thought our ability to sniff out danger has its roots deep in evolution , with the ability to distinguish between the scents of different animals crucial to the survival of our prehistoric ancestors .
Even today , there are obvious benefits to be had from being able to tell the difference between the smell of a 30 - stone lion and that of a half - stone tabby cat .
Researcher Dr Wen Li said : " This helps us to have a very sensitive ability to detect something that is important to our survival from an ocean of environmental information .
" It warns us that it 's dangerous and we have to pay attention to it . "
To establish whether people can actually sniff out danger , Dr Li , of Northwestern University in Chicago , looked at how easily we can tell scents apart .
Twelve men and women were given three grassy scents to sniff .
In each case , two of the smells were the same , while the third was slightly different chemically , but virtually indistinguishable to the nose .
Asked to tell which scent was the odd one out , the volunteers got it right just one time in three - a success rate no better than chance .
However , when they given an electric shock as they breathed in one of the smells , they quickly learned to distinguish it from the other .
Scans showed the smells were also stored differently in the brain after shock treatment .
Writing in the journal Science , the researchers said the trait allows us to predict dangerous situations while minimising the need to be constantly on the alert .
Defects in the system could lead to anxiety disorders .
They said : " Learning to associate sensory cues with threats is critical for minimising aversive experience .
" Clinically , our data raise the intriguing possibility that neurobiological derangements in the ability to distinguish between salient cues and perceptually related inconsequential stimuli may underlie the emergence of anxiety disorders characterised by exaggerated sensory activity and hypervigilance .
" This may provide a unique mechanistic framework for the development of new therapeutic interventions . "
Sinking home values and the collapse of flimsy mortgages fueled a record number of foreclosures in California in the first three months of this year , dimming prospects for any quick recovery in the housing market .
The number of homes lost to foreclosure rose to a record 47,171 , more than four times as many as a year earlier .
Default notices -- the first step toward foreclosure -- were sent to owners of 110,000 California homes from Jan. 1 to March 31 , according to La Jolla - based DataQuick Information Systems .
That ’s about 1.4 % of the homes in the state .
Defaults are up 143 % from the same period last year .
Homeowners in default can avoid foreclosure by catching up on payments , refinancing or selling .
But fewer are doing so .
Advertisement
Just 32 % of the properties in default will avoid foreclosure , DataQuick estimates , down from 52 % a year ago .
That decline reflects the slow real estate market , which is being further weakened by the flood of bargain - priced foreclosures coming on the market , real estate experts say .
Those foreclosures are taking a bigger share of the home sale market .
Statewide , foreclosures made up 33.1 % of all home resales in the first quarter , DataQuick said , up from 3.2 % a year earlier .
As with home values , outlying areas that attracted new - home buyers and speculators during the boom are being hardest hit by bank repossessions .
Advertisement
In San Francisco County , foreclosures accounted for 5.1 % of resales , DataQuick said .
But in San Joaquin County , which includes Stockton , 66.7 % of all resales were foreclosures .
In San Bernardino County , Deputy Sheriff Mike Strickland says he is now delivering eviction notices to six or seven foreclosed houses a day , about twice as many as last year .
“ It ’s full - bore now , ” Strickland said .
Most of the evictions are in new housing developments , he said , and the occupants have usually abandoned the property by the time he gets there .
Advertisement
“ A lot of the homes were 5 or 6 months old .
The people got in by the skin of their teeth , ” Strickland said .
“ They ca n’t afford their payments , they skip . ”
Default notices were up the most in Colusa County , which posted a 305 % increase over the first quarter of 2007 .
It was followed , in order , by Merced , Sonoma , Napa and Monterey counties , all of which recorded yearly increases greater than 200 % .
Most of the loans defaulting last quarter originated from August 2005 to October 2006 , DataQuick reported .
Jay Brinkmann , an economist for the Mortgage Bankers Assn. , said many loans now in default or foreclosure were made to borrowers who could not afford them .
Those borrowers had planned to refinance the loans , but declining home values made that impossible .
In other cases , he said , homeowners took out excessive home equity loans .
Advertisement
Lenders have asserted that some homeowners simply choose to abandon homes with declining values , even if they can afford to make payments .
Babette Heimbuch , chief executive of FirstFed Financial Corp. of Los Angeles , says about 50 % of her company ’s delinquent borrowers do not respond to requests to discuss modifying their loans .
But Brinkmann believes few homeowners walk away simply because they feel their mortgages are n’t worth paying .
“ It ’s usually much more involved , ” he said .
For instance , “ someone loses a job and has to move away for another one ” and ca n’t sell his house in a down market , he said .
“ There ’s usually some other trigger . ”
Advertisement
Brinkmann said when he worked at a Louisiana bank 25 years ago , homeowners dropped their keys in the bank ’s drive - through window , but they did so as they left the state for work elsewhere .
In Southern California , foreclosures grew most rapidly in Imperial County -- which reported a 653 % increase .
Foreclosures jumped 329.4 % in Orange County and 314.5 % in Los Angeles County .
In the Inland Empire , San Bernardino posted a 397.8 % increase and Riverside a 346.5 % hike .
Overall , 25,024 homes were repossessed in the first quarter this year in Southern California , up 316.7 % from the same quarter a year earlier .
Advertisement
Foreclosures go hand in hand with slumping home prices .
On Tuesday the National Assn. of Realtors said home prices fell 7.7 % in March from a year earlier , to a median price of $ 207,000 .
Home sales nationwide dropped 19 % in March from a year earlier , the group said .
Christopher Thornberg , principal of Beacon Economics , said the growing number of foreclosures could prolong the housing market ’s decline .
Thornberg predicts that within nine months boom - inflated housing prices will retreat to levels that are more in line with incomes .
But a flood of foreclosed homes “ could cause the market to overshoot .
The question is , will all that excess inventory drag us past that fundamental level ? ”
Yale economist Robert Shiller said that home prices could fall by more than 30 % from their peak , exceeding the drop of the 1930s Depression , the Associated Press reported .
Shiller developed the widely cited Standard & Poor ’s / Case - Shiller home price index .
Advertisement
Nationwide , home prices are down 18 % from their 2006 peak , according to that index .
--
peter.hong@latimes.com
--
Advertisement
Times staff writer E. Scott Reckard contributed to this report .
--
( BEGIN TEXT OF INFOBOX )
Buying power
Advertisement
The median price for a home nationwide has fallen to $ 207,000 , according to the National Assn. of Realtors .
Here ’s what you can get in that price range :
Brooklyn , N.Y .
One - bedroom , one - bath co-op apartment in East Flatbush area .
Four rooms total .
Building has swimming pool and doorman .
Asking $ 208,000 .
Chicago
Advertisement
One - bedroom , one - bath condo with hardwood floors in high - rise complex near Lincoln Park .
Asking $ 208,000 .
Los Angeles
Two - bedroom , one - bath Spanish - style detached home in South Los Angeles with 648 square feet of living space .
Asking $ 205,000 .
Cleveland
Advertisement
Two - bedroom , 2 1/2 - bath home with 2,448 square feet of living space .
Two stories and a basement .
Asking $ 207,000 .
Honolulu
One - bath studio condo in a Waikiki high - rise .
View of Diamond Head ; 305 square feet of living space .
Asking $ 208,000 .
Austin , Texas
Advertisement
Three - bedroom , two - bath home with 2,100 square feet of living space and a two - car garage on a quarter of an acre .
Asking $ 207,000 .
Boise , Idaho
Three - bedroom , two - bath home built in 2001 .
Living space of 1,550 square feet ; two - car garage .
Asking $ 207,900 .
Fairbanks , Alaska
Advertisement
Three - bedroom , two - bath home on 1.2 acres .
Single story with 1,064 square feet of living space .
Asking $ 209,000 .
Savannah , Ga .
Four - bedroom , 2 1/2 - bath , two - story home built in 2007 .
Central air , hardwood floors , 1,842 square feet .
Asking $ 207,900 .
Omaha
Advertisement
Four - bedroom , three - bath , two - story home with 3,598 square feet of living space .
Finished basement .
Asking $ 209,000 .
--
Times research by Scott J. Wilson
Scott McClellan ’s began his book tour this morning .
Here ’s a sampling of his interview on the Today show :
Bush Blames Congress for Not Passing Foreclosure , Gas Bills
The President said Congress is not sending him bills that he can sign .
April 29 , 2008  -- WASHINGTON ( AP ) -- President Bush on Tuesday accused the Democratic - led Congress of blocking his proposals to deal with rising gas prices and dragging its feet on measures to address the sagging economy .
He said he was " open to any ideas , " including a proposal backed by presidential contenders John McCain and Hillary Clinton to suspend gas and diesel taxes this summer
But Bush quickly said that he favors longer - term fixes , such as encouraging new oil production in the United States and building new refineries at home .
He renewed his call for opening areas of Alaska wilderness to oil exploration and production .
" If there was a magic wand to wave , I 'd be waving it , of course , " he told reporters at a Rose Garden news conference called on short notice .
" But there is no magic wand to wave right now .
It took us a while to get to this fix . "
How Is the Economy Treating You ?
Tell ABC News
The president 's hour - long question - and - answer session under sunny skies came on the eve of a government report on the state of the economy in the first three months of the year .
" It 's a tough time for our economy , " Bush said .
Many business analysts believe the economy already has slipped into recession , but the president -- as in the past -- declined to use that term .
" You know , the words on how to define the economy do n't reflect the anxiety the American people feel , " the president said .
" You know , the average person does n't really care what we call it . "
Asked if he thought the statistics due out Wednesday on the nation 's gross domestic product for January through March would show the country was indeed in a recession , Bush said : " I think they 'll show we 're in a very slow economy . "
Two straight quarterly contractions in the GDP -- which measures business growth -- is the common definition of a recession .
But the official determination -- made by the National Bureau of Economic Research -- takes longer and is based on a more complicated formula .
Just 27 percent of the people questioned about Bush 's handling of the economy said they approved , in an Associated Press - Ipsos poll this month .
It was his worst showing ever in the survey and was down 4 percentage points since March .
In a separate AP - Yahoo News poll this month , people named the economy as the nation 's top problem , with gas prices a close second and the Iraq war far behind .
Bush spoke shortly after a report that said consumer confidence fell further in April amid heightened concerns about soaring inflation and the weakening job market .
The Consumer Confidence Index now stands at 62.3 in April , down from the revised 65.9 in March , said the Conference Board , a private research group .
Bush was asked about a proposal to suspend fuel taxes for the summer travel season , first made by Republican McCain and later endorsed by Democrat Clinton but not by her rival , Barack Obama .
The tax is 18.4 cents per gallon of gasoline and 24.4 cents on diesel fuel .
The average price of a gallon of gas has reached $ 3.60 nationwide .
" I 'm open to any ideas and we 'll analyze anything that comes up , " he said .
But Bush also said he did n't want to inject himself into the ongoing presidential race and favored longer term alternatives .
Bush renewed his objection to calls that the government discontinue keeping up the nation 's Strategic Petroleum Reserve supply while oil prices are so high .
" If I thought it would affect the price of oil significantly , I would seriously consider it , " he said of an idea embraced by many Democrats and some Republicans .
Bush also said that it was important to keep filling the reserve , in underground salt domes in Texas and Louisiana , in case there is a terror attack on the nation 's oil supplies .
He also once again called for Congress to permit drilling in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge , a proposal he has made repeatedly since he first took office in 2001 , and to pave the way for the building of new refineries .
The president revived an earlier proposal that shuttered military bases be used as sites for new refineries .
In the past , oil and energy experts have expressed little interest in that , saying military bases often are n't situated where the oil pipelines are anyhow .
He sidestepped a question on whether there should be a second stimulus package .
Rebates started to go out this week as part of a $ 168 billion stimulus package enacted in February .
The checks will range to up $ 600 for an individual , $ 1,200 for a couple and an additional $ 300 for each eligible dependent child .
Bush also called on Congress to act more quickly on legislation he supports to address the housing and credit crunch by making student loans more available and to help homeowners facing foreclosure .
The president 's biggest target was Congress .
" These are difficult times .
And the American people know it and they want to know whether or not Congress knows it , " Bush said .
Bush raised the anti-Congress theme repeatedly .
" I believe that they 're letting the American people down , is what I believe , " he said .
" It 's either a lack of leadership or a lack of understanding of the issue .
And either way , it 's not good for the country . "
On other subjects , Bush :
-- Said he believes the NATO - led mission in Afghanistan is making strides in tamping down " a very resilient enemy . "
Bush is scheduled to meet later with the special representative of the U.N. Secretary - General for Afghanistan , said that he believes the NATO - led mission in the country is succeeding .
" We 're making progress , but it 's also a tough battle , " Bush said .
" We 're facing people who are willing to strap bombs on themselves and walk into places where the innocent dwell . "
-- Declined to openly criticize former President Carter for his meetings last week with representatives of Hamas , the Palestinian group the State Department considers a terrorist organization .
" Anybody can talk to whomever they want , but I want people to understand the problem is Hamas , " said Bush .
" Foreign policy and peace is undermined by Hamas .
...
That 's the reason I 'm not talking with them , " he said .
-- Spoke about intelligence that was released alleging that Syria and North Korea were cooperating on a clandestine nuclear reactor .
He said the intelligence was made public to step up pressure on North Korea to end its own nuclear program and to pressure Syria to stop destabilizing the Middle East by aiding insurgents in Iraq and Hamas in Lebanon .
He said it was also meant to send a message to Iran .
-- Said that , despite lack of much visible progress toward an Israeli - Palestinian peace deal , " I 'm still hopeful we 'll get an agreement by the end of my presidency . "
Bush visits the Middle East next month .
-- Said that the government in Zimbabwe of President Robert Mugabe is waging a campaign of violence and intimidation following March 29 elections that is " simply unacceptable . "
Bush gently criticized neighboring African countries , such as South Africa , for not acting enough to resolve the crisis , urging them to " step up and lead . "
-- Said he would not accept a bill to pay for the Iraq war more expensive than his $ 108 billion request .
Democrats may try to add extended unemployment benefits and new education funding for veterans , a move that would expand the measure by nearly $ 13 billion .
" $ 108 billion is $ 108 billion , " the president said .
This test will hopefully demonstrate which eye - left or right - is functioning at a higher level when you are reading or trying to interpret many shapes .
Look at the center of the animation and try to read the text that flashes on the left and right side of the screen .
Which side did you read quicker ?
As reported in Science Daily -- A person has two hands , two legs , two eyes , two cerebral hemispheres .
But it is only at first sight that a human being is a symmetric creature .
Firstly , we have a leading hand , the right one with the majority of people , secondly , we have a leading eye .
Thirdly , the brain is functionally asymmetric : the left hemisphere ( with the right - handers ) is mainly connected with abstract - logical thinking and to a larger extent -- with speech , the right hemisphere -- with image sensitivity .
Coming back to eyes , the right eye is the leading one among the two thirds of people , and the left one among one third of people .
Special tests have been developed to determine this .
Do these individual differences influence the visual information perception process , for example , perception of texts , on the left and on the right ?
Investigations carried out at the Institute of Cognitive Neurology of the Modern University for the Humanities will help to answer this question .
The experiment involved all right - handed students , but some of them had the right eye leading , the others â€ “ the left eye leading .
All probationers were offered to read a text on the PC screen , the text being placed either in the right or in the left part of the screen , while the probationers ' head was oriented to the center ( in such conditions , visual information from the left half - field of vision was addressed to the right hemisphere , and vice versa ) .
It has turned out that the " left - eyed " probationers read the text quicker when it is placed on the left , than the text placed on the right .
As for the " right - eyed " individuals , no such differences were noticed with them .
More detailed analysis has proved that when the " left - eyed " probationers were reading the left - side text , the brain perceived ( during a single eye fixation on some text fragment ) more symbols than in case of reading the right - hand text .
In other words , in the left half - field of vision , glance fixation is characterized by higher " information capacity " .
This is directly connected with the speed of reading : the more symbols the glance perceives during one fixation , the quicker a person reads .
There is one more sign of successfulness of reading : in the course of reading , the glance periodically returns back to the already read word ( apparently due to difficulty of perception ) .
Thus , in the left - sided text , the " left - eyed " probationers made less returns than they did in the right - sided text , which means higher successfulness of the " left " text recognition .
Besides , the majority of the " left- eyed " persons performed faster quick eye movements -- saccades -- to the left than to the right .
Physiologists can only make assumptions about the reasons for such differences .
As all the probationers are right - handed persons , the control over their leading right hand is performed by the left hemisphere .
With the right - eyed , the same left hemisphere also controls the leading right eye .
As for the left - eyed persons , the leading left eye is controlled by the right hemisphere , which is free from control over the leading hand 's movements .
And this works out better .
Therefore , the " left - eyed " persons read quicker on their left .
Where can this knowledge prove useful ?
Apparently , it makes sense to take the leading eye into account for production of various video - products , for example , training ones .
Special objects ( spoons , door - handles ) are produced for the left - handed , but there is nothing special made for the " left - eyed " persons .
Maybe this will be done in the future .
Comments :
As a former baseball coach , I found that knowing a hitter 's eye - " ness " helped determine how they should stand at the plate .
A right - handed batter who is left - eyed is more effective in a closed stance ( left foot closer to the plate ) , while a right - eyed , right - handed batter -- the majority of players , so I discovered -- improves his hitting considerably with an open stance , where the head turns more naturally toward the pitcher for a full view of the ball as it's delivered .
Naturally the opposite is true for a left - handed batter .
Zac Denver
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
The U.S. government designated two Venezuelans , including a diplomat , as supporters of international terrorism Wednesday for what it called their support of the Lebanese Shiite movement Hezbollah , the U.S. Treasury Department announced Wednesday .
Lebanese police near a U.S. diplomat 's motorcade that was attacked by Hezbollah 's Shiite supporters Wednesday .
The U.S. action highlights the administration 's concern over what it calls a growing relationship between the Caracas government and Hezbollah , which Washington has branded a terrorist organization .
The largest Shiite Muslim political movement in Lebanon , Hezbollah maintains an armed force that fought a month - long war with Israel in 2006 .
It demonstrated its muscle in street battles with supporters of Lebanon 's government in May , bringing the country to the brink of civil war .
" It is extremely troubling to see the government of Venezuela employing and providing safe harbor to Hezbollah facilitators and fundraisers , " Adam Szubin , director of Treasury 's Office of Foreign Assets Control , said in a statement announcing the decision .
" We will continue to expose the global nature of Hezbollah 's terrorist support network , and we call on responsible governments worldwide to disrupt and dismantle this activity . "
The Bush administration has raised alarms about Venezuela 's ties to groups it considers terrorist organizations .
A recent State Department report criticized ties between the government of Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez and leftist rebels in neighboring Colombia , and it expressed concern about new Venezuelan ties with Iran and Cuba -- countries Washington has designated as state sponsors of terror .
The designation targets Ghazi Nasr al - Din , a Venezuelan diplomat assigned to a post in the country 's embassy in Lebanon .
He was previously assigned to the embassy in Syria .
The U.S. statement said Nasr al Din's activities included arranging the travel of Hezbollah members to attend a training course in Iran .
Also named by the U.S. government is Fawzi Kan'an , a Caracas resident who owns two travel agencies .
He is described by U.S. authorities as a " supporter and a significant provider of financial support to Hezbollah . "
Kan'an " has met with senior Hezbollah officials in Lebanon to discuss operational issues including possible kidnapping and terrorist attacks , " the Treasury Department said .
The statement said he had also traveled with Hezbollah members to Iran for training .
The U.S. action freezes any assets the individuals and the travel agencies may have in the U.S. and prohibits any U.S. business transactions with the men or the travel businesses .
The Justice Department had no comment on whether a criminal investigation had been opened into possible violations of U.S. laws .
But both Treasury and Justice officials stressed that the action was taken only after a thorough inter-agency process that also included the State Department .
As part of an agreement that ended a months - long standoff , the Hezbollah - led opposition will hold 11 of the 30 seats in Lebanon 's Cabinet .
All About Hezbollah • Venezuela • Iran • Lebanon • U.S. Department of Justice
Note to Hillary Clinton : It ’s Over
Hillary , it is over .
You ca n’t overtake Barack Obama in pledged delegates , and you ca n’t catch him in the popular vote either .
You can no longer make a claim to the super delegates that you are the candidate to beat John McCain in November .
Even if you succeed in seating the Michigan and Florida delegates , thereby be rewarded for breaking your promise not to campaign in these states that broke you party ’s rules you ca n’t catch up .
Barack Obama followed the rules and kept his promise not to campaign in either state , yet you said one thing and did the opposite and now you want a reward for it ?
Hillary , you never had a realistic chance at catching Barack , just the hopes of a backroom deal to steal the nomination away from him .
You can no longer even steal it from him .
You had a 20 % lead in the polls in Indiana and only won by 2 % , thereby ending any realistic chance at gathering enough super deleagtes to steal the nomination .
As I write this I am thinking of that scene in Pulp Fiction where Marcellus Wallace is bribing Butch to throw the fight .
I think it sums up your chaces Hillary , and your situation .
Here is the quote :
The thing is , Butch , right now you got ability .
But painful as it may be , ability do n’t last .
And your days are just about over .
Now that ’s a hard motherfuckin ’ fact of life , but that ’s a fact of life your ass is gonna have to get realistic about .
See , this business is filled to the brim with unrealistic motherfuckers .
Motherfuckers who thought their ass would age like wine .
If you mean it turns to vinegar , it does .
If you mean it gets better with age , it do n’t .
Besides , Butch , how many fights do you think you got in you anyhow ?
Two ?
Boxers do n’t have an Old Timers Place .
You came close but you never made it .
And if you were gonna make it , you would have made it before now .
So Hillary you gave it a hell of a try , you came close but you never made it just like Marcellus said .
It is time to step aside , it is time to give Obama his due , it is time to end your campagn .
Hillary Clinton , it is over .
I love it when a videogame is exactly what confused old politicians think videogames are .
As Kieron merrily tells me what he ’s been up to in the torturing game he ’s playing , I ’ve been firing arrows at people jumping off buildings .
By Japanese dev Ikiki , Tobioriya is a game of , well , shooting people apparently committing suicide with a bow .
It ’s fun too !
Discovered by the handsome folk of TIGSource , you can download it from this site – it ’s the second one down from the top .
Then show your Mail - reading gran .
zombies and p-zombies
Zombies are allegedly dead bodies with no souls , animated by the black magic of voodoo priests or bokors .
Voodoo is a religion which originated in West Africa and was brought to Haiti in the early 16th century by West African slaves .
According to tradition , the slaves could not practice their religion openly and were forced to adopt in public the practices of the French Catholic settlers .
[ A correspondent , Dorian David Leigh , who says he is a practitioner of Haitian Voudon , says the traditional view is wrong .
He says that " rather than using Catholic images to disguise their traditional religious beliefs , the members of the many disparate tribes that made up the slave population of Haiti likely found that Catholicism was the one thing they had in common when it came to religious belief .
Rather than hiding behind Catholicism , they recognised something that was already familiar to them and had already been adopted into their various tribal religious practices .
Haitian Vodou ( not voodoo ) is not only from Benin , although Benin is where the practice of Vodoun originated and is still practiced .
Haitian vodou is a combination of spiritual practices from many tribal groups in Africa , including the Fon ( of Benin ) , Kongo , Ibo , and Yoruba ( of modern Nigeria ) ; amalgamated with Catholicism and the beliefs and practices of the native Taino indian population . ) ]
Voodoo is still a popular religion in Haiti and in cities where Haitians have emigrated , such as New Orleans .
( According to Leigh , " New Orleans Voodoo has nothing whatsoever to do with Haitian Vodou .
It is acompletely different thing , and not even an actual religion .
It is the local variant of hoodoo / conjure , concerning itself with spellcasting and divination rather than the worship of lwa , or spirits . " )
Vodu is an African word meaning spirit or god .
( Leigh disagrees and says that " Vodu is the Fon word for ' spirit ' , and does not mean ' god ' in any sense of the word .
The spirits of Vodou are not gods , as Vodou is a monotheistic religion centered on the belief that there is one God , who created the universe and spends all his time running it , therefore he is too busy to worry about the concerns of men .
Instead , he created the spirits to act as intermediaries , to advise , guide , help and heal human beings .
The spirits are therefore lesser beings than God , and are not considered deities by those who serve them . " )
The black magic of voodoo sorcerers allegedly consists of chemicals , various poisons ( perhaps that of the puffer fish ) which immobilize a person for days , as well as hallucinogens administered upon revival .
The result is a complacent , paralyzed , or brain damaged creature used by the sorcerers as slaves , viz. , the zombies .
[ Leigh says that " There is no ' black magic ' involved , and those who create zombies are not always bokor .
In the most common form of Vodou , Afrique de Ginen , killing is forbidden .
So when a crime is committed that is so horrible it can only be punished by death , instead the criminal is turned into a zombie .
This is rare , and not done lightly .
There are others who do not share this morality , and may sell zombies ( astral or physical ) for their own profit .
These persons are the ones associated with black magic .
Additionally , there are many secret societies in Haiti who act as something like a police force , but who are more feared .
These societies are the ones associated with creating zombies as punishment , and one ( the Bizango ) is discussed at length in Wade Davis ' book The Serpent and the Rainbow . " ]
The zombie is not to be confused with the zombie astral , whose soul ( ti - bon - ange ) is controlled by the sorcerer .
It is quite understandable that a religion practiced under slavery would emphasize evil spirits .
[ Leigh writes : " Vodou does not in any way at all emphasise evil spirits .
Instead , Vodou emphasizes happiness , healing , community and service .
There are some spirits in Haitian Vodou who are considered ' hot ' , who may be angry when they appear in possession , who are warlike or who have a more ambiguous morality .
However , these spirits are not considered evil .
They are beloved in Haiti as they helped the slaves overthrow their masters in the Haitian Revolution .
Also , the spirits have very human aspects to them .
A baloved mother may become violent if she has to protect her child .
There is a spirit considered to be the mother of all Haitians and of the country of Haiti , and she will certainly become violent and angry if her children are threatened .
That does not make her evil .
There are also spirits who are nothing but happy , whose goal it is to do nothing but spread joy and happiness .
There is no emphasis on evil spirits , all spirits are given equal weight , although those who are most commonly encountered or who are most popular are likely to be emphasised over those who are less common or well known .
To state in any way , shape or form that Vodou emphasises evil spirits is both false and offensive to those who practice that faith . " ]
It is a cruel irony that some in the religion would evolve to worship at evil 's altar and engage in practices which not only enslave others but keep the community in line from fear of being turned into a zombie / slave .
[ Leigh writes : " Creating zombies , as I said above , is n't done by evil sorcerers and is n't about enslavement .
Turning someone into a zombie is Haitian Vodou 's equivalent of the death penalty .
It is the ultimate punishment for serious crimes , and is done more to protect the community than to terrorise it .
Very respected members of the Vodou community ( Such as Ati Max G. Beauvoir ) have the ability to turn someone into a zombie , but no one believes them to be evil .
A judge in a court of law may have the ability to send someone to death row , but that does n't make him evil either .
True , there are a very few people who traffic in zombies , but Haitians trust that secret societies ( who also have the power to create zombies ) will protect them from those individuals .
The issue of zombie is not so clear cut , and to state that those who create zombies ' worship at evil 's altar ' is a rather simplistic and dramatic view of the subject . " ]
Many people are skeptical of the existence of zombies , which I take to mean they are skeptical that a dead person could be revived with or without retaining his or her " soul " or " self - consciousness " or " mind . "
Once you are dead , you are dead forever .
For those who do n't believe a person has a soul , death is not the separation of the body from the soul , but the end of life and consciousness .
The voodoo zombie is not a dead person , but a living person who has been brain damaged .
There is another kind of zombie , however : the philosophical zombie .
A philosophical zombie ( p- zombie , for short ) would be a human body without consciousness which would nevertheless behave like a human body with consciousness .
To some philosophers ( e.g. , Daniel Dennett ) this is a contradictory notion and thus an impossible conception .
If it behaves like a person and is indistinguishable from a person , then it is a person .
Other philosophers ( e.g. Todd Moody and David Chalmers ) argue that a p-zombie would be distinguishable from a person even though indistinguishable from a conscious person .
It is distinguishable , say these philosophers , because it is stipulated that it is not conscious even though it is indistinguishable from a conscious being .
In case you are wondering why philosophers would debate whether it is possible to conceive of a p-zombie , it is because some philosophers do not believe or do not want to believe that consciousness can be reduced to a set of materialistic functions .
Important metaphysical and ethical issues seem to hinge on whether there can be p-zombies .
Can machines be conscious ?
If we created a machine which was indistinguishable from a human person , would our artificial creation be a " person " with all the rights and duties of natural persons ?
To the p-zombie advocates , consciousness is more than brain processes and neurological functions .
No adequate account of consciousness will ever be produced that is " reductionist , " i.e. , completely materialistic .
I think it is possible to conceive of a machine which " perceives " without being aware of perceiving .
In fact , they already exist : motion detectors , touch screens , tape recorders , smoke alarms , certain robots .
An android which could process visual , auditory , tactile , olfactory and gustatory input but which would lack self - consciousness , i.e. , would not be aware of perceiving anything , is conceivable .
We can even conceive of such machines resembling humans in the flesh .
How would we distinguish such automata from persons ?
The same way we do now : by the imperfect and fallible methods of conversation and observation .
But that is not what would make the two distinct ; self - consciousness or the lack of it would distinguish the automata from persons .
" Visual perception " by a motion detector is unlike visual perception by a person just because of the difference in awareness of perception , i.e. , self - consciousness .
A smoke detector might " smell " certain chemicals , but it does not process odors the way a person does .
In my view , the only conceivable p-zombie would be a machine which perceives but has no awareness of perceiving , i.e. , no self - consciousness .
Such machines are essentially distinct from conscious persons .
[ new ]
If two machines developed consciousness and were physically identical , could one of the machines be self - aware but the other not , while we could n't tell which was which ?
If they 're physically identical , then one can't have a property the other does n't have ; otherwise they 're not identical in some respect , even if we do n't know what physically distinguishes the two .
For what it 's worth , I side with Dennett and those who think that the concept of the p-zombie is a logical absurdity .
If the " zombie " exhibits all the symptoms of consciousness , then the " zombie " is not a zombie ; for to exhibit all the symptoms of consciousness is to have consciousness , which the zombie is denied by definition .
It seems silly to grant that there can be two identical beings though one has properties the other lacks .
In that case , the two are not identical beings .
The concept of a p-zombie makes no sense to me . [ / new ]
Anyway , this reminds me of a story by Raymond Smullyan , the great logician and paradoxer .
A man wants to commit suicide but does not want to cause his family any grief .
He finds out about an elixir he can take which will kill him , i.e. , separate his soul from his body , but leave his body intact to wake up , go to work , play with the kids , keep the wife satisfied and bring home the bacon .
But before he takes the elixir , a well - intentioned friend sneaks in during the night and injects his suicidal friend with the stuff , thereby killing him , i.e. , releasing his soul .
The man wakes up and does n't know he 's dead ( i.e. , that he has no soul ) , so he takes the elixir .
He can't kill himself , since he 's already dead .
But he thinks he can kill himself and become a p-zombie .
However , he is already a p-zombie .
Question : if the p-zombie can't tell the difference between a real person and a p-zombie , why would we think that we real persons could tell the difference ?
In fact , since the conception of the " soul " makes absolutely no difference in either the nature of a person or a p-zombie , the concept of the " soul " is superfluous .
If persons are indistinguishable from p-zombies then they are not two distinct concepts , but one concept manipulated by language to mislead us into thinking there are two distinct concepts here .
As to the ethical questions regarding how we should treat androids which are behaviorally indistinguishable from natural persons , I think that if we stipulate that such creatures are persons with rights , then they will be persons ; otherwise , they will not be persons .
The concept of a person is not a matter of discovery , but of stipulation .
I would argue , also , that the same is true of the concept of " soul . "
But it is not true of the concept of " consciousness " : anyone who is conscious should be able to tell the difference between a dead body and a living person .
Dead bodies which act like persons , and bodiless souls which perceive like conscious persons , exist only in the movies or in the minds of certain philosophers and other fantasy writers .
Personally , I would argue that self - conscious androids should be granted the status of persons on the grounds that the distinction between being synthetic or natural is insignificant .
I have a feeling that believers in souls would disagree and would justify creating a race of androids to serve as slaves and to be treated as things not persons .
further reading
books and articles
Churchland , Patricia Smith .
Neurophilosophy - Toward a Unified Science of the Mind - Brain ( Cambridge , Mass. : MIT Press , 1986 ) .
Dennett , Daniel Clement .
Brainstorms : Philosophical Essays on Mind and Psychology ( Montgomery , Vt. : Bradford Books , 1978 ) .
Dennett , Daniel Clement .
Consciousness explained illustrated by Paul Weiner ( Boston : Little , Brown and Co. , 1991 ) .
Dennett , Daniel Clement .
Kinds of minds : toward an understanding of consciousness ( New York , N.Y. : Basic Books , 1996 ) .
Davis , Wade .
The Serpent and the Rainbow ( New York : Warner Books , 1985 ) .
By the Carlos Castaneda / Indiana Jones of Harvard .
The book was made into a movie in 1988 .
Davis , Wade .
Passage of darkness : the ethnobiology of the Haitian zombie ( Chapel Hill : University of North Carolina Press , 1988 ) .
Hofstadter , Douglas R. and Daniel C. Dennett
The mind 's I : fantasies and reflections on self and soul ( New York : Basic Books , 1981 ) .
Ryle , Gilbert .
The Concept of Mind ( New York : Barnes and Noble : 1949 ) .
Sacks , Oliver W. An anthropologist on Mars : seven paradoxical tales ( New York : Knopf , 1995 ) .
Sacks , Oliver W. The man who mistook his wife for a hat and other clinical tales ( New York : Summit Books , 1985 ) .
Sacks , Oliver W. A leg to stand on ( New York : Summit Books , 1984 ) .
websites
West African Dahomean Vodoun
The Unimagined Preposterousness of Zombies by Daniel Dennett
Zombies on the web : compiled by David Chalmers
" Self - Ascription Without Qualia : A Case - Study " by David Chalmers
" In Defense of Impenetrable Zombies " by Selmer Bringsjord
The Great Laptop Battery Recall of 2006 had everyone paranoid that their MacBooks or ThinkPads could catch fire and cause havoc at any moment .
Although that string of incidents appears to be over , the most commonly - found batteries can still catch fire under the right conditions .
Researchers at the Fraunhofer Institute for Silicate Research ISC in Germany hope to eliminate that concern , though , by developing lithium - ion batteries with no flammable materials .
" We have succeeded in replacing the inflammable organic electrolytes with a non-flammable polymer that retains its shape , " ISC team leader Dr. Kai-Christian Möller said in a statement .
" This considerably enhances the safety of lithium - ion batteries .
What ’s more , because it is a solid substance , the electrolyte cannot leak out of the battery . "
According to ISC , the polymer is derived from an inorganic compound that allows organic side chains to attach to it , called Ormocer .
The challenge , however , is to create a non-flammable polymer that retains its shape , but does n't suffer when it comes to actually transmitting the energy .
" Normally , the more solid a polymer is , the less conductive it becomes , " said Möller .
" But we had numerous parameters that we could adjust — for example , we can use coupling elements with two , three or four arms .
As a result , we have more possibilities with Ormocer than with a single type of plastic . "
Battery fires : soon to be a thing of the past ?
The researchers already have a prototype of the new battery , but do n't expect it to enter the hands of consumers for another three to five years .
This is because they believe the battery could use some improvements to its storage capacity and efficiency in delivering power before introducing it to the masses .
ISC says that once these improvements are made , the battery could even compete with lead batteries for cars .
The technology could make battery fires one of those things that people of the future will look back on as if it were stone age history .
In 2006 , big companies like Dell , Toshiba , and Apple all issued recalls over their Sony - made batteries within a few months of each other after reports began to spread about battery fires and explosions all over the world .
Sony itself finally issued a global Li-ion battery recall in September of 2006 to address " recent overheating incidents . "
Ultimately , Sony and other computer manufacturers recalled close to 10 million units .
In addition to the fire - resistant batteries , Fraunhofer also recently announced a partnership with the Massachusetts Institute of Technology ( MIT ) in order to further research " green " energy technologies .
The two will focus on developing green energy systems for buildings and devices at the MIT - Fraunhofer Institute for Sustainable Energy Systems near MIT 's campus in Massachusetts .
Vedik horoskoplar
Hint astrolojisinin parçasıdır ve astrolojinin en güvenilir türlerinden biri sayılır .
Kişiliğiniz ve gerçek siz , do ğduğunuz tam yer ve anla bağlantılı olan gezegenlerin konumuna göre belirlenir .
Gelecekle ilgili tahminlerde ise gezegenin gelecekteki ve şu anki konumları sizin doğum haritanızdakilerle kıyaslanır .
Vedik horoskoplar 4000 küsür senedir yaygın olarak kullanılmaktadır .
Aylık vedik astroloji yorumu
NOTECARDS . . . . . . . .
$ 12.00
5 Cream colored cards of a nice weight , letterpressed in red ink with 5 matching envelopes .
☀ 001 The Pining Porcupine .
A small porcupine lamenting :
" I wish I did n't love balloons so much "
♪ 002 Tank Yew Vedy Much .
" tank yew vedy much " in capital sans - serif letters .
For fans of Andy Kaufman or just saying thanks .
☁ 003 The Bawling Berry .
A tiny teary seeded strawberry weeping : " Gosh !
I 'm in a jam "
All sets printed in Scranton , PA .
ACCESSORIES & MISCELLANEOUS
♥ 101 Honest Abe. . . . . . . . .
$ 15.00
Cloisonné lapel pin of Abraham Lincoln .
The emotional 16th President stood at 6 ' 4 " .
This pin is 5/8 " tall with gold polished metal separating black , white , and gray enamel .
⚓ 102 Tongue Depressor . . . . $ 1.00
Wooden tongue depressor silk - screened with the phrase : " I was born on a pirate ship . "
Also makes a good bookmark .
♞ 103 Sew In Surprise . . . . . .
$ 10.00
One sew in label embroidered in black with " The Best " also includes a pre-threaded needle .
Instructions for use : 1 . Borrow a loved one 's clothing 2 .
Sew label into loved one 's clothing .
3 . Un - borrow the said article of clothing .
♒ 104 Bacon Scarf . . . . . . . . . $ 35.00
Red and white scarf resembling marbled fat .
The scarf is 7 " x 57 " .
It is soft and light weight .
Made of 100 % Acrylic .
On the scarf 's reverse side , the colors are inverted making it a leaner cut of bacon .
★ 105 5 Year Diary . . . . . . . . $ 24.95
Book is 3.75 " wide by 6 " high with a depth of 1.25 " , cloth bound with a ribbon bookmark this diary is a neat way to keep track of the crux of your days , letting you read past entries as you write new ones .
In the back there are pages to log books read and places traveled .
Published with The Ice Plant .
☰ 106 Oversized Pencil Case . .
$ 35.00
Made of black sturdy fabric to hide the inevitable ink stains .
The case has a brass YKK zipper and a generous 6 " x10 " size that fits all pens , pencils , and most small note books ( also fits the 5 year diary ) .
☢ 107 Count the Triangles . . . $ 15.00
Three sides of a triangle inspire this set of 3 postcards .
6 " x 4.25 " heavy weight cards hand silk - screened in Scranton , PA .
☂ 108 Spare Button . . . . . . .
$ 15.00
Just in case .
Standard 7/16 " shirt button as a pin with a locking clutch back .
Can be used simply for decoration or as a fully functioning button .
☗ 109 16 Ton Doorstop . . . . . $ 40.00
Sewn Doorstop filled with sand .
It is silk screened with " 16 Ton " in white ink on black gabardine .
Roughly 4 " x 4 " x 4 " with a small handle on top .
The deceptive trapezoid actually weighs 2 pounds .
Also makes a powerful paper weight .
☃ 110 Snowbunny . . . . . . . .
$ 13.00
Winter holiday card .
Snowbunny trying to lick its nose blind stamped & silkscreened on a 4.5 " x6 " white card ( not the opening kind ) .
Set of 5 cards & 5 envelopes .
Printed in Scranton , PA
♣ 111 In Like Flynn Matchbook . . .75
Standard book of 20 Stem Matches featuring swashbuckler Errol Flynn drawing out his sword .
Still from " The Charge of the Light Brigade " on front .
Verse from the Tennyson poem of the same name on the back .
Extra use :
Cut a plus sign into the fly of Errol 's pants , letting his match poke out .
CRAZY1EYE ITEMS
☉ 201 Nudisme . . . . . . . . . .
$ 12.00
64 pages , saddle - stitched , 6 " x 9 "
The cover is offset printed onto 80 # ivory cotton cover stock with a laid finish .
The inside pages are 24 # ivory cotton writing stock .
Can be used as notebook or not .
ORPHEUS : Every page is blank !
EDITOR : It 's called Nudisme .
ORPH : It 's absurd .
ED : Less absurd than if it were full of absurd writing .
No excess is absurd .
from Orphee by Jean Cocteau , 1950
⚁ 202 Washington Walnuts . . .
$ 15.00
Washington Walnuts : Each nut contains a one dollar bill .
Can be placed into a bowl of regular walnuts for a random surprise .
Qty per bag : 3
• 203 Edo Napkins . . . . . . . . $ 58.50
Napkins inspired by the layers of patterns in Edo period clothing .
Sold in sets of 6 as pictured Napkin size is 17 " x 17 "
♦ 204 Wolfie. . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 25.00
Handmade wooden wolf
☛ 205 Letterhead . . . . . . . . . . $ 7.00
5 sheets of Letterhead from the estate of Aaron Sydney Shopsin
5 unmarked matching envelopes included
With the Democratic nomination all but decided , it 's time for Barack Obama to start defining himself in the context of the general election -- before the Republicans define him .
Most importantly , he must answer this question once and for all :
What are his values ?
Mr. Obama began to do so last Tuesday night , by speaking more generally about who he is and how he defines himself .
But this is just a first step .
Exit ...
This is a guest post by TOD reader Jon Friese .
Jon is a software engineer living in Minneapolis and a volunteer with the Twin Cities Energy Transition working group , seeking a path to a low carbon future .
Under his own initiative Jon tracked down literature on EROI methodology , contacted the Canadian Government and an energy consulting company for data , and came up with the following analysis on declining energy return on Canadian Gas .
This draft analysis is provocative ( backing into an EROI estimate using $ / GJ suggesting possible energy break even for natural gas within a decade ) .
However , in addition to the new info , I was inspired that a smart , engaged citizen chose to volunteer his time on the pressing issue of fossil fuel decline , and then shared it with others in the TOD forum for feedback .
Thanks for your initiative here Jon. )
( Editors Note : Jon is working on an update to this analysis incorporating feedback from the TOD community - please treat the information in this post as a work in progress . )
EROI at Theoildrum.com
Biophysical analysis is important in a world of finite resources .
We write often about net energy and EROI on this site , as it gives insights that might not be immediately seen by conventional dollar analysis .
In the coming weeks , Charles Hall ( referenced in Johns report below ) will be running a series of EROI articles on TOD , starting with " Why EROI is Important " .
Here are some selected historical posts on the topic :
At $ 100 Oil , What Can the Scientist Say to the Investor ?
The Energy Return on Time
Peak Oil - Why Smart Folks Disagree - Part II
Ten Fundamental Truths about Net Energy
The North American Red Queen - Our Natural Gas Treadmill
Energy From Wind - A Discussion of the EROI Research
A Net Energy Parable - Why is EROI Important ?
Natural Gas and Complacency
And the following is Johns analysis on :
North American Natural Gas Production & EROI
Abstract
Creating an Energy Transition Plan away from natural gas requires at least a rough forecast of future production .
Two very different forecasts for North American natural gas exist .
The official “ consensus ” view published by Natural Resources Canada [ NRC 2006 ] argues that 2,200 Tcf ( trillion cubic feet ) remain and that less than 50 % of the total natural gas has been produced .
Jean Laherrere has posted a forecast which shows only 600 Tcf ( trillion cubic feet ) remaining with about 70 % already produced of the total supply of 1900 Tcf .
Energy Return on energy Invested ( EROI ) was explored as a method for choosing between the two forecasts .
Examining a historical study of Louisiana natural gas production shows that EROI declined rapidly post peak production and that peak production occurred at about 70 % of URR .
The EROI of Canadian natural gas production was found to be falling quickly .
If current drilling rates are maintained , Canada could see energy break even occur as soon as 2014 .
The EROI analysis was extended to the US by comparing data on Yield - per - foot drilled and Yield - per - well drilled between the two countries .
It was found that the US is rapidly approaching the same low EROI as Canada .
Taken together this evidence supports Laherrere ’s position that North America is past peak production and that as little as 30 % of our natural gas endowment remains to be produced .
Two Forecasts
Coping with global warming or peak oil requires a reliable forecast for natural gas .
Natural gas is a clean burning substitute for coal and oil .
Natural gas is essential to ethanol and tar sands production .
Much like world oil supply , the official forecast is that natural gas supply will be abundant for nearly a century .
This view suffered a serious setback in 2001 when the US production peaked and again in 2003 when Canadian production peaked .
The ASPO has put forward a more conservative forecast .
These two forecasts are examined in more detail below .
The Official View
The official “ consensus ” forecast ( an average of several government agencies ) is that there will be an abundant supply of domestic natural gas at relatively low prices for many years to come .
Here is a good summery of the official position :
“ The total remaining US natural gas resource base , including proved reserves is 1,620Tcf .
At 2004 levels of domestic production , the US has about an 86 - year supply of natural gas . ” [ NRC 2006 , pg 23 ]
The reason for this optimistic forecast is clear when looking at the reserves and resources map below .
100 + years of extraction have not even consumed half of the natural gas that is expected to be produced .
Figure 2 Official " Consensus " Resources and Reserves Forecast [ NRC 2006 , pg 22 ] ( Click to enlarge )
Yet this position does not explain why natural gas production in both Canada and the US has peaked .
Nor does it explain why large scale drilling campaigns have tripled prices while not bringing further production on line .
If less than half the natural gas has been produced , then why cannot production rise ?
The Alternate View
ASPO member Jean Laherrere is an internationally renowned expert in oil and gas exploration .
He was in charge of Total Canada ’s exploration from 1966 to 1971 .
He has recently published a forecast for North American Natural Gas production [ Laherrere 2007 ] .
Here is his summary graph :
Figure 3 Laherrere 's alternate forecast ( Click to enlarge )
The first line to look for is the pink line that describes overall natural gas production ( U=1900Tcf ) and the second line to look for is the pale blue line that describes conventional natural gas production ( U=1550 ) .
He has no difficulty explaining why production cannot be raised .
It can not be raised because North America has already produced 70 % of the total natural gas that will ever be produced .
Production has peaked and will now decline during the final 30 % .
In his forecast there will not be 86 years of production at current rates .
Instead , in less than 50 years production will be a tiny fraction of current levels .
One of the many ways he supports his forecast is by plotting backdated discovery data against the number of exploratory wells to form what he calls a “ creaming curve ” .
Figure 4 Creaming curve evidence ( Source Jean LaHerrere ) ( Click to enlarge )
In a new region the first few exploration wells discovery a large amount of natural gas resulting in a steep upward curve .
As most of the discoveries are made , each new exploration well discovers less gas , bending the curve downward until it points to the Ultimate along the right hand side .
Looking at this creaming curve for the US it is hard to imagine that the curve could accommodate another 800 Tcf of new discovery that the official forecast predicts .
A huge number of exploratory wells have already been drilled .
The curve is already close to flat .
Economic Reserves and Energy Return
How is it possible that two forecasts made with similar data could reach such a different result ?
One reason hinges on the definition of “ Economic Reserve ” .
There are vast quantities of non-conventional natural gas .
But it is expensive to produce .
At what drilling and operating cost do you draw the line between reserves that can be produced at a profit and non economic resources that never will be produced ?
Opinions can and do differ and this leads to very different forecasts .
However , fuel sources have a clear boundary between the economic and non economic reserves .
A fuel source must be produced with a positive Energy Return on energy Invested ( EROI ) .
An economy cannot spend more energy drilling for natural gas than the economy gets from the natural gas itself .
At energy break even , fuel production will stop ( unless it is subsidized by a lower quality fuel )
Calculating the EROI of current natural gas production would give another line of evidence .
If EROI is steady or rising than the official forecast is likely correct and natural gas will be abundant .
If the EROI is falling then we can assume that much of the official resources will never be economical and that production will continue to fall .
Louisiana Natural Gas
Cutler Cleveland and Robert Costanza did an EROI study of natural gas production in Louisiana [ reported in Hall 1992 ] .
That study calculated the EROI from early production , through peak , and into decline .
It is useful to stop and examine this historical production cycle and try to discern some patterns .
Figure 5 Louisiana Natural Gas production in Quads per year ( Click to enlarge )
Cleveland and Costanza calculated the Energy Return on energy Invested ( EROI ) over the whole production cycle .
The year that production fell off “ plateau ” was 1972 with a cumulative extraction of 150 Quads .
150 Quads corresponds to the first downward EROI point after the sharp rise .
The next point over actually has a slight increase in EROI .
[ Note : One can imagine an intensive drilling program to try to keep production on the plateau .
When drilling finally slowed and yielded to the inevitable , EROI had a small uptick but production dropped .
I cannot prove this conjecture because I do not have the well drilling data .
But we will see similar bounces later in the current production data . ]
Figure 6 Louisiana Natural Gas EROI ( Click to enlarge )
Please note the following :
First is that the maximum EROI is in the 40 to 1 range ( which will be important later ) .
Second is that the EROI decline rate is quite steep and it is very linear .
The EROI plunges from maximum to minimum in only 25 % of the quads extracted .
Third is that energy break even ( where EROI = 1:1 ) happens far before a 300 quad URR .
It is normally assumed that peak happens at 50 % URR , but in this case , the energy return would end up skewing the graph so that peak appeared at 150/210 = 70 % .
( Sound familiar ? )
Figure 7 Cumulative quads versus year ( Click to enlarge )
This final graph plots cumulative quads against years .
It follows the classic Logistic shape .
The logistic is pointing to a URR of ~260 , but the EROI graph is saying there will not be a positive energy return past ~210 .
This graph can be used to convert from years to quads for matching up data points on the two prior graphs .
Summarizing this historical example :
1. EROI peaked around 40:1
2. Production peaks at about 70 % of total extraction .
3. EROI declines sharply past peak .
4 . The steep EROI decline indicates extraction is in the final 25 % .
Canadian Natural Gas EROI
There are several techniques for calculating Energy Return on energy Invested when you only have cost data in dollars .
Charles
Hall describes one technique [ Hall 1979 ] where the energy content of each dollar is calculated in the following manner :
Energy content per $ = National Energy Use / GDP .
The EROI of natural gas production can then be calculated by
EROI = Energy output of total NG / ( $ cost of NG production * Energy associated with spending of a $ )
The Canadian National Energy Board ( NEB ) publishes the “ Short - term Canadian Natural Gas Deliverability ” report .
In the 2007 - 2009 edition they provide data on how many Canadian $ are required to produce 1 Giga Joule of natural gas .
[ NEB 2007 ]
The Canadian NEB calculated $ / Gj in a special way that only includes new gas produced .
What they did was use decline models of each type of well in each region .
And then they totaled up the number of new wells in a year of each type .
They used the decline model to predict exactly how much gas would be produced from those new wells ( long term ) .
Figure 8 National Energy Board cost per Gigajoule ( Click to enlarge )
There are several features of this graph worth noticing .
The first is that drilling costs have overshot prices , despite a 3 x increase in price .
The second is that Finding and Discovery ( F&D ) costs show the largest increase .
It is getting harder and harder to find natural gas .
These are both certain signs of falling EROI .
Royalties are not counted in the following EROI calculations .
Using the NEB data simplifies our EROI formula :
EROI = 1 Gj / ( $ drilling cost * Gj / dollar )
As the NRB data provides the “ $ drilling cost ” term , the next step is to calculate the energy value of each Canadian $ .
That value is estimated by taking the Canadian GDP for each year and dividing by the total energy used by Canada in that year .
The GDP data was taken from the Canadian Government web site Statistics Canada .
The data for GDP Expenditures in Current $ was selected ( mostly because I know of no reason to prefer one data series to another for this type of calculation ) .
[ Can Stats 2007 ]
The total energy use data was taken from the 2007 BP Statistical Review of World Energy [ BP 2007 ] .
The review provides a “ Primary Energy per annum ” that sums all energy sources .
The resulting sum is in Mtoe ( Millions of tons of oil equivalent ) .
Here are the values from 2006 to help understand the calculation :
GDP = $ 1.44e12
Primary Energy = 322e6 Mtoe
Gj / $ = 9.4e -3
EROI = 1 Gj /( 5.79*9.4e -3 ) = 18
EROI Results
Figure 9 Canadian Natural Gas EROI 1996 - 2006 ( Click to enlarge )
The results are quite dramatic .
EROI is dropping very quickly .
If high drilling rates are maintained , costs will rocket upwards and EROI could hit break even by 2014 .
If drilling rates fall , then production will fall .
Either way Canadian production will come off plateau and go into decline .
The Louisiana historical example offers some guidance .
The EROI peaks are roughly the same 40:1 .
The decline in EROI is rapid and linear .
It is safe to conclude that Canadian production is in the final 25 % .
This lends support to Laherrere ’s forecast .
Extending the Analysis to the US
The same analysis cannot be done for the US because the EIA does not provide an estimate of the underlying decline rate or the $ per GJ production cost .
It is possible to make a rough approximation but this part of the post is more speculative .
( Editors note - I am attempting to get some of this type of data form the API ( American Petroleum Institute ) - I am told it is quite expensive but am still trying - such data may be able to replicate and advance Johns Canadian analysis )
Production per Well Foot Drilled
Most of the production cost is drilling related and there are drilling statistics for both countries [ EIA Foot ] [ Capp 2007 ] .
Figure 10 shows the yearly production divided by the number of feet drilled that year .
This is only a rough approximation of Yield per Effort because production is mostly from prior years drilling .
A clear trend down is visible in both the US and Canada .
More and more drilling is yielding less and less production .
This is a sure sign of dropping EROI .
Figure 10 US & Canadian Production per well foot drilled ( Click to enlarge )
Canadian Yield - per - foot drilled is lower than the US .
However in the last few years the US has fallen into the Canadian area and the slope is very steep .
That steep slope will soon cross the Canadian trend lines .
It is safe to assume the US EROI values are falling as fast or close behind the Canadian EROI .
There are two regressions for the Canadian data .
The yellow regression discards the first two years as outliers to get a better fit .
The yellow regression shows a steeper slope that would cross the zero point at approximately the same location as the Canadian EROI graph hits break even .
Production per Well Drilled
Another way to look at Yield per Effort is to examine Yield - per - well instead of Yield - per - foot drilled [ EIA Well ] [ Capp 2007 ] .
In Figure 11 Canadian production is divided by the number of wells drilled .
The trend is downward as expected , but the fit is poor .
The trend line begins to approach zero production per well around 2016 .
Figure 11 Canadian Production per well ( Click to enlarge )
Figure 12 shows that US production per well begins much higher ( which is why the data is plotted separately ) .
The trend is downward and at a steeper rate than the Canadian trend .
The US data in 2006 is just entering the region where the Canadian production was in the late 1990’s .
Figure 12 US Production per well ( Click to enlarge )
US Notes
Overall the US seems to be entering the same steep EROI decline Canada is facing .
The US seems to be slightly behind Canada in EROI decline , however the US has a huge number of producing wells and this may be skewing the productivity results .
We do know that the US peaked prior to Canada .
Conclusion
The natural gas industry has clearly been mounting a heroic effort to keep natural gas production on plateau in North America .
This effort has raised costs dramatically .
The EROI of Canadian production shows a rapid decline .
Drilling statistics suggest a similar EROI decline is happening in the US .
The falling EROI makes it impossible for natural gas production to maintain both low costs and current levels of production .
It is clear that most of the reserves in the official forecast will never be developed .
Jean Laherrere ’s predictions are more likely to be correct .
And if EROI continues to fall at the current rapid rate , he will be remembered as an optimist .
References
[ NRC 2006 ] “ Canadian Natural Gas ; Review of 2004 & Outlook to 2020 ” , Natural Resources Canada , January 2006 .
pg 22 .
http://www2.nrcan.gc.ca/es/erb/CMFiles/CANADA_GAS_REVIEW_&_OUTLOOK_ENGLI ...
[ NEB ] Link to Appendix of National Energy Board Calculations and Methodology used in this analysis
http://www.neb.gc.ca/clf-nsi/rnrgynfmtn/nrgyrprt/ntrlgs/ntrlgsdlvrblty20... ( pdf )
[ Laherrere 2007 ] “ North American natural gas discovery & production ” , Jean Laherrere , August 2007 , ASPO France , pg 15 .
http://aspofrance.viabloga.com/files/JL_NAm-NG07.pdf
[ Hall 1979 ] C. Hall , M. Lavine , " Efficiency of Energy Delivery Systems : 1. An Economic and Energy Analysis " , Environmental Management , vol 3 , no 6 , pp 493- 504 , 1979 ( First part of a 3 part article ) .
[ Hall 1992 ] “ Energy & Resource Quality : The ecology of the economic process ” , C. Hall , C Cleveland , R. Kaufmann , 1992 , University Press of Colorado , pg 184-188 .
[ NEB 2007 ] “ Short - term Canadian Natural Gas Deliverability 2007- 2009 ” , National Energy Board , 2007 , pg 8 - 9 .
http://www.neb.gc.ca/clf-nsi/rnrgynfmtn/nrgyrprt/ntrlgs/ntrlgsdlvrblty20...
[ Can Stat 2007 ] Statistics Canada
http://cansim2.statcan.ca/cgi-win/cnsmcgi.exe?Lang=E&C2Fmt=HTML2D&CIITpl...
[ BP 2007 ] BP Statistical Review of World Energy 2007
http://www.bp.com/liveassets/bp_internet/globalbp/globalbp_uk_english/re...
[ EIA Feet ] Energy Information Agency .
Feet drilled in natural gas wells .
http://tonto.eia.doe.gov/dnav/ng/ng_enr_wellfoot_s1_a.htm
[ EIA Wells ] Energy Information Agency .
Natural gas wells drilled .
http://tonto.eia.doe.gov/dnav/ng/ng_enr_wellend_s1_m.htm
[ Capp 2007 ] Canadian Association of Petroleum Producers .
“ Wells and Meters Drilled in Canada 1981 - 2006 ”
http://www.capp.ca/default.asp?V_DOC_ID=1072&SectionID=1&SortString=TableNo
John Friese can be reached at grandpa.trout@gmail.com
8 April 1998
By Norm Dixon
US “ peacekeepers ” in Somalia in 1993 massacred more than 1000 people , including civilians and children , in a single afternoon .
While western media reports focused on the deaths of 18 US soldiers , broadcasting shocking pictures of a dead pilot being dragged through the streets of Mogadishu , the fact that hundreds of Somalis ( 200 , according to the US government ) died in the clash was barely mentioned .
A US journalist 's investigation has revealed the US covered up the terrible extent of the bloodbath .
Mark Bowden from the Philadelphia Inquirer , who is researching a book on the US occupation of Somalia , interviewed former US soldiers and officials as well as Somali witnesses .
His findings were published in the London Observer on March 22 .
The US invaded Somalia on December 9 , 1992 , under the guise of a “ humanitarian ” operation to protect aid workers distributing food .
The US handed over control to the United Nations in May 1993 .
At its height , the operation involved 35,000 troops from 20 countries , 24,000 of them from the US .
Somalia 's plight was the result of the west 's refusal to come to the aid of the Somali people immediately after the January 1991 mass uprising which ousted dictator Siad Barre .
Since 1978 , the US had propped up the brutal regime to the tune of US$ 900 million .
In the final period of the Barre regime , virtually all foreign aid was halted , and UN aid agencies withdrew .
They did not return when they were needed most .
The UN and the west ignored the chorus of warnings by non-government organisations that only a massive injection of aid could relieve the widespread hunger and defuse the squabbling among armed factions over scarce food supplies .
Having failed to help , Washington and its allies took advantage of the desperate situation .
Starving children offered the perfect opportunity for the US to establish the precedent of unilateral intervention in the affairs of sovereign states on “ humanitarian ” grounds .
* * * * Finding this article thought - provoking and useful ?
Please subscribe free at http://www.feedblitz.com/f/?Sub=343373
Help Links stay afloat .
Donate what you can by clicking here .
* * * *
In fact , the US sought to take control of the southern entrance to the Red Sea and thus the Suez Canal , as well as suspected oil deposits in the north .
To achieve that , it set out to destroy the forces of General Mohammed Farah Aideed , the only political force capable , at the time , of galvanising a nationalist opposition to the US / UN takeover .
Bowden revealed that on October 3 , 1993 , US forces got word that leaders of Aideed 's group were meeting in a central Mogadishu house .
A squad of 115 elite US special forces troops set off to ambush the leaders .
Seventeen helicopter gunships also attacked houses thought to contain the leaders .
The operation was not approved by UN commanders .
US troops stormed the houses , took 24 prisoners and attempted to return seven kilometres to their base .
The raid triggered a mass uprising in the area .
At every turn , the troops were met by armed Somali fighters and hundreds of unarmed protesting civilians .
Somali fighters downed two Blackhawk gunships , killing 18 US troops .
Other helicopters rained rockets and bullets into crowds and homes .
In their attempts to escape , US troops fired indiscriminately .
Army ranger Dale Sizemore told Bowden that the soldiers were “ blasting at everything they saw .
Rules of engagement were off . ”
He described shooting seven - and eight - year - olds whether they were armed or not .
Eventually the trapped US soldiers were rescued by Malaysian and Pakistani troops .
Bowden said that in one incident , US troops took a family hostage .
When one of them began to scream , she was shot dead .
In another incident , a Somali hostage was murdered when he refused to stop praying out loud .
Another was clubbed into silence .
The troops murdered wounded Somalis and used their bodies as barricades .
Bowden quotes ambassador Robert Oakley , the US special representative to Somalia , as saying that more than 1000 Somalis were killed that afternoon .
Bowden points out that the US has never held an investigation or reprimanded any of the commanders .
Key participants have been promoted .
From : International News , Green Left Weekly issue # 313 8 April 1998 .
A curious FAQ put up by an unnamed ISO staffer on MS - OOXML .
Question # 1 expresses concerns about Fast Tracking a 6,000 page specification , a concern which a large number of NB ’s also expressed during the DIS process .
Rather than deal honestly with this question , the ISO FAQ says :
The number of pages of a document is not a criterion cited in the JTC 1 Directives for refusal .
It should be noted that it is not unusual for IT standards to run to several hundred , or even several thousand pages .
Now certainly there are standards that are several pages long .
For example , Microsoft likes to bring up the example of ISO 14496 , MPEG 4 , at over 4,000 pages in length .
But that was n’t a Fast Track .
And as Arnaud Lehors reminded us earlier , MPEG 4 was standardized in 17 parts over 6 years .
So any answer in the FAQ which attempts to consider what is usual and what is unusual must take account of past practice JTC1 Fast Track submissions .
That , after all , was the question the FAQ purports to address .
Ecma claims ( PowerPoint presentation here ) that there have been around 300 Fast Tracked standards since 1987 and Ecma has done around 80 % of them .
So looking at Ecma Fast Tracks is a reasonable sample .
Luckily Ecma has posted all of their standards , from 1991 at least , in a nice table that allows us to examine this question more closely .
Since we ’re only concerned with JTC1 Fast Tracks , not ISO Fast Tracks or standards that received no approval beyond Ecma , we should look at only those which have ISO / IEC designations .
“ ISO / IEC ” indicates that the standard was approved by JTC1 .
So where did things stand on the eve of Microsoft ’s submission of OOXML to Ecma ?
At that point there had been 187 JTC1 Fast Tracks from Ecma since 1991 , with basic descriptive statistics as follows :
mean = 103 pages
median = 82 pages
min = 12 pages
max = 767 pages
standard deviation = 102 pages
A histogram of the page lengths looks like this :
So the ISO statement that “ it is not unusual for IT standards to run to several hundred , or even several thousand pages ” does not seem to ring true in the case of JTC1 Fast Tracks .
A good question to ask anyone who says otherwise is , “ In the time since JTC1 was founded , how many JTC1 Fast Tracks have been submitted greater than 1,000 pages in length ” .
Let me know if you get a straight answer .
Let ’s look at one more chart .
This shows the length of Ecma Fast Tracks over time , from the 28 - page Ecma - 6 in 1991 to the 6,045 page Ecma-376 in 2006 .
Let ’s consider the question of usual and unusual again , the question that ISO is trying to inform the public on .
Do you see anything unusual in the above chart ?
Take a few minutes .
It is a little tricky to spot at first , but with some study you will see that one of the standards plotted in the above chart is atypical .
Keep looking for it .
Focus on the center of the chart , let your eyes relax , clear your mind of extraneous thoughts .
If you do n’t see it after 10 minutes or so , do n’t feel bad .
Some people and even whole companies are not capable of seeing this anomaly .
As best as I can tell it is a novel cognitive disorder caused by taking money from Microsoft .
I call it “ Sinclair ’s Syndrome ” after Upton Sinclair who gave an early description of the condition , writing in 1935 : “ It is difficult to get a man to understand something when his salary depends upon his not understanding it . ”
To put it in more approachable terms , observe that Ecma -376 , OOXML , at 6,045 pages in length , was 58 standard deviations above the mean for Ecma Fast Tracks .
Consider also that the average adult American male is 5 ′ 9 ″ ( 175 cm ) tall , with a standard deviation of 3 ″ ( 8 cm ) .
For a man to be as tall , relative to the average height , as OOXML is to the average Fast Track , he would need to be 20 ′ 3 ″ ( 6.2 m ) tall !
For ISO , in a public relations pitch , to blithely suggest that several thousand page Fast Tracks are “ not unusual ” shows an audacious disregard for the truth and a lack of respect for a public that is looking for ISO to correct its errors , not blow smoke at them in a revisionist attempt to portray the DIS 29500 approval process as normal , acceptable or even legitimate .
We should expect better from ISO and we should express disappointment in them when they let us down in our reasonable expectations of honesty .
We do n’t expect this from Ecma .
We do n’t expect this from Microsoft .
But we should expect this from ISO .
Top health benefits of Milk
Bones : Milk contains essential elements that help make bones strong and healthy to aid development including calcium , phosphorous , magnesium and protein , early consumption of milk from childhood helps to ensure strong and healthy bone development .
Teeth : calcium and phosphorous in milk and dairy products help the maintenance and development of teeth .
Blood pressure : Having your 5 a day and 3 portions of dairy can contribute to better balanced blood pressure .
Hydration : Milk can aid rehydration in a flash
It has been suggested milk and dairy products in the recommended doses can also help prevent obesity , cancer and diabetes .
After a workout , it 's time to rehydrate and recovery .
Some people reach for a sport drink , but after strength training , there 's a beverage that 's even better , and it 's already in your refrigerator .
Plus , this beverage may even improve your body composition .
Find out what it is .
Accredited online Christian school for students worldwide
Pharmacy technician certification online at Washington Online Learning Institute
Types of Milk : SOY COCONUT ALMOND ORGANIC RICE GOAT
Get a sound night ’s sleep in one of our quality made to measure beds
Welcome to Odd Size Beds and thank you for visiting .
We ’re an online only retailer and offer a vast range of beds and mattresses in UK standard and odd sizes made for any size bedroom .
Our promise to you :
With high quality craftmanship , you are guaranteed a bed made to the highest standards . ­
All beds and mattresses are manuf­ac­tured to the the highest of standards at your request .
If for any reason you are not 100 % satisfied we will do our utmost to fix it .
So , if you ’re looking for a standard or custom size bed that fits in with your budget and bedroom , look no further .
From shorter length beds to odd size mattresses Standard sized beds ( including single , double and superking )
Made to measure beds
Short length beds and mattresses
Bunk beds
Custom size and shorty beds
Extra long beds and mattresses
Custom size mattresses
Shorty divan beds and short mattress 175 cm
European sized mattresses
See all products
A range of perks including FREE delivery across the UK Discount beds straight to your door
Free delivery to mainland UK
Our ' Price Match Promise '
Frequent discounts and hot deals
Tailored , professional advice
7 - day no quibble returns Our service
Specialists in custom sizes
We understand the implications that the wrong bed or mattress can have on your wellbeing .
If you 're not sure what you need then speak to our customer service team who will help you to choose the best fit for you and your bedroom .
Whether you ’re looking for a made to measure bed or an odd size mattress , contact us today on 0845 5083 102 and get help to choose the perfect bed .
Contact us
Toyota ’s New Hybrid Travelling Twice as Far
June 6th , 2008 by Joshua S Hill
I can’t claim to be a car type person at all .
I ’m nearly 24 , and in a country where the license to drive is provided at 18 , let us just say that my friends have fun with my lack of desire to drive .
However , I would like to think that , if I were a driver and had enough funds , I would spend my money wisely on Toyota ’s new fuel cell hybrid .
Toyota Motor Corporation has announced that the Toyota FCHV - adv will be powered by a new fuel - cell hybrid system , which is powered by hydrogen and electricity .
This improves the models cruising range to a maximum of 516 miles , or 830 kilometers for the rest of the world who decided to go metric .
This compares favorably to the previous fuel cell model , which only provided for a 205 mile ( 330 km ) range .
News of this new fuel - cell system came only days after the FCHV - adv was awarded with vehicle - type certification Japan ’s Ministry of Land , Infrastructure and Transport ( MLIT ) on Tuesday .
The car will be available for leasing in Japan later this year , though pricing and other details are not available at the moment .
The “ hybrid ” nature of the FCHV - adv sees it switch between its fuel cell – which is powered by a chemical reaction when the hydrogen stored in its tank combines with oxygen in the air to produce water – and an electric motor .
This in comparison to Toyota ’s Prius , which switches between an electric motor and a standard gasoline / fuel engine .
Engineers at the world ’s second biggest automaker were tasked with working on the basic problem of how to stop the internally produced water from interfering with electrical generation at low temperatures .
Now , the Membrane Electrode Assembly has been redesigned so that it can operate in cold regions , with temperatures dropping as low as - 30 degrees Celsius .
In addition , fuel efficiency was improved by 25 % as a result of improving the fuel cell unit performance , enhancing a regenerative brake system , and reducing the energy that is consumed by auxiliary systems on board the FCHV - adv .
A Toyota FCHV -adv is to be provided as a test - ride vehicle at the Environmental Showcase within the International Media Center during the July 7 - 9 Hokkaido Toyako Summit .
See More Posts on Car Technology at Gas 2.0 :
Image Courtesy of Toyota Motor Corporation
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
Additional knowledge of the minutiae of daily life can be not just useless , but actually harmful to us when we make decisions .
From thinking to iterating
Last June , Alex Iskold wrote a piece about the new age of continual partial attention :
There will never be less information , there will always be more of it .
Much more .
The sooner we recognize it and prepare for this change , the easier it will be for us to embrace this brave new world .
The age of Continuous Partial Attention has arrived and it is here to stay .
As Linda Stone defined CPA
“ With [ continuous partial attention ] , we feel most alive when we ’re connected , plugged in and in the know .
We constantly SCAN for opportunities – activities or people – in any given moment .
With every opportunity we ask , “ What can I gain here ? ”
Alex also noted that “ these days we replace the deep thinking with rapid iteration . ”
And he went on to say that this replacement “ is not necessarily a bad thing ! ”
Fire Hydrants
In one famous experiment , the Harvard psychologist Jerome Bruner and his student Molly Potter had people identify the object shown in a slide as it gradually came into focus .
If viewers made an incorrect hypothesis early on , they tended to persist with it , and had trouble identifying the object even as it became sharp .
Thanks Mike
Moral ?
According to NNT , it ’s this :
“ The more information you give someone , the more hypotheses they will formulate along the way , and the worse off they ’ll be .
They see more random noise and mistake it for information .
The problem is that our ideas are sticky : once we produce a theory we are not likely to change our minds .
So those who delay developing their theories are better off …
Remember that we treat our ideas like possessions and it will be hard for us to part with them .
Remember that we are swayed by the sensational .
Listening to the news on the radio every hour is far worse for you than reading a weekly magazine , because the longer interval allows information to be filtered a bit . ”
NNT goes on to describe Paul Slovic ‘s experiment with bookmakers .
First , he showed bookmakers 88 variables in past horse races and asked them to choose the most useful ones .
Then he gave them the ten most useful variables and asked them to predict the outcome of races .
Then he gave them ten more variables and asked them to predict again .
The increase in the information set did not lead to an increase in their accuracy ; their confidence in their choices , on the other hand , went up markedly .
Information proved to be toxic “
More is not always better
It ’s probably a little simplistic to think that these research caveats apply to all information .
They apply to situations where you have to predict or forecast .
That said , the caveats do seem to imply various things :
The iterative mode in the table above is n’t wholly accurate .
It can actually lead to more costly mistakes ( through the overconfidence it affords ) .
The partial information is a given for both deep thinking and iterative mode , the real difference is frequency of updates .
And iterative mode actually hinders the imagining alternative possibilities .
We tend to stick with our first possibility and then not be able to ditch it in favour of the fire hydrant .
The iterative mode assumes that the brain is an information processing machine .
My guess is that this is idealised but wrong .
The brain seems much more like a meaning making engine .
Anyway , as far as RSS readers go , I ’m going to ditch some of my BBC news feeds , and ( not that he does this ) have a think about adopting / adapting Ton ’s people oriented approach .
And I ’m going to renew my subscription to The Week
Interior Secretary Dirk Kempthorne proposed the rule in response to letters from 51 United States senators  42 Republicans and 9 Democrats  who asked that the current rule be changed .
The current rule , the senators said , infringes on gun owners ’ rights , and the change would help make gun restrictions more consistent .
Interior officials say the new rule is an effort to modernize one that was established to prevent poaching .
That rule was last changed in 1982 when six states had “ right - to - carry ” laws that allow residents with permits to carry concealed weapons .
Forty - eight states now have such laws .
The new rule would apply the weapons laws of states bordering a park or refuge .
Gun owners would be allowed to carry concealed weapons in national parks and monuments in states where they may carry such weapons in state parks and state wildlife refuges .
Twenty - four states have such laws .
“ It ’s an effort to recognize the concept of concealed carry and to be able to defer to states and state authority , ” Mr. Paolino said .
State gun laws govern both of the other large federal landlords , the United States Forest Service and the Bureau of Land Management , he said .
Image Antlers and skulls of illegally killed animals .
Credit ...
Anne Sherwood for The New York Times
But in the case of a large national park like Yellowstone that is bordered by three states , Idaho , Montana and Wyoming , it was not clear which state ’s laws would apply .
MIANZHU , China ( Reuters ) - China was preparing to dynamite rock , mud and rubble forming a dangerously large “ quake lake ” on Monday , hoping to avert a new disaster two weeks after a catastrophic tremor struck Sichuan province .
The government put the death toll from the May 12 earthquake at 65,080 , an increase of more than 2,400 from a day earlier .
The figure is certain to rise as searchers account for the 23,150 missing .
A total of 360,058 people were injured .
The Communist Party ’s decision - making Politburo warned that the situation remained “ grim ” and relief work arduous for the country ’s “ most destructive ” tremor since 1949 , the official Xinhua news agency said .
The frenzied initial rescue response is cooling into a long battle with nature , deprivation and latent discontent sure to last long after thousands of aftershocks .
Chinese soldiers carrying 10 kg ( 22 lb ) of dynamite each arrived on Monday at the Tangjiashan lake , one of dozens formed by the earthquake , to try to blast away rubble , Xinhua news agency said , as heavy rain and high winds were forecast .
The lake ’s barrier was in danger of bursting after the water rose by nearly two meters on Saturday to 723 meters ( 2,372 feet ) , only 29 meters below the lowest part of the barrier .
“ The lake is now holding more than 128 million cubic meters of water and may cause a devastating flood if the barrier bursts , ” Xinhua said .
Mianyang , a city near the worst - hit areas , had returned to a kind of normality , with shops open and traders and pedestrians filling streets .
But much remained to remind China that absorbing the damage of the quake will take many years .
“ MISSING ” POSTERS
The city sports stadium was thronged by thousands of the estimated 5 million people displaced by the quake .
City roads were busy with troops and supply trucks that will have to support towns and villages for a long time yet .
And the hundreds of “ missing ” posters plastered on boards at the stadium and on lampposts echo the grief -- and anger over many children killed when their schools crumpled , often even as other buildings nearby stood .
“ We do n’t know how long we ’ll be here .
It already seems like years and years , ” said Zhu Huajun , a displaced farmer whose 14 - year - old daughter lost both legs when her school collapsed .
“ As well as all the dead , so many people have also been disabled .
If it ’s a kid how can you be sure that she ’ll be taken care of properly in a few years , when people forget the quake ? ”
Slideshow ( 30 images )
In a small town outside the city of Mianzhu , families were sheltering beside the remains of a Buddhist temple .
“ Our homes were all flattened , ” said Nan Guizhi , 76 .
“ We needed somewhere to stay and it might as well be this temple so we can guard it . ”
Other residents said their biggest worry was how they would endure the rainy months in tents .
Slideshow ( 30 images )
On the outskirts of Mianzhu , thousands of displaced people remained in a huge encampment sweltering in government - issued tents .
Doctors working under a massive awning said heatstroke and other heat - related illnesses would be a growing worry as the humid summer gets into full swing .
In Mianzhu which has been transformed into a tent city for displaced people , there were tense scenes and angry exchanges as relief goods were in short supply .
Some refugees accused village officials of favoritism when handing out bedsheets , clothes and other relief material .
“ People with good connections get all they want .
Ordinary people are n’t getting enough , ” said Su Shide , 51 , a farmer .
Aftershocks continue to rattle nervous residents , with many sleeping outdoors even when their homes are unscathed .
A strong aftershock on Sunday killed at least eight people , injured nearly 1,000 and toppled more than 70,000 houses .
As the rainy season arrives , officials also worry about build - ups of water forming dozens of lakes .
Thousands living below the lake Tangjiashan have been evacuated as a precaution .
The government has asked the international community to provide more relief aid , saying more than 3 million tents are needed and just 400,000 have so far reached the disaster zone .
“ Living like this is much more tiring than you ’d think , ” said tent - dwelling farmer Jiang Shuncheng , whose wife , father , a son and daughter - in - law all died in the quake .
“ But I ’d still be too scared to live under a roof . ”
Authored by : Anonymous on Sunday , May 11 2008 @ 01:00 PM EDT
It looks like a big wooden horse to me .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : ankylosaurus on Sunday , May 11 2008 @ 01:03 PM EDT
Please use a meaningful title , such as " mitsake -> mistake " .
---
The Dinosaur with a Club at the End of its Tail [ Reply to This | # ]
team building - Authored by : Anonymous on Sunday , May 11 2008 @ 01:16 PM EDT
Authored by : Holocene Epoch on Sunday , May 11 2008 @ 01:03 PM EDT
You know what goes here [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Holocene Epoch on Sunday , May 11 2008 @ 01:05 PM EDT
Please use the article name in the title line .
And remember the rules for
clickies [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Sunday , May 11 2008 @ 01:11 PM EDT
I wonder , How OOXML is related to Blender , and why a Blender developer wants to
know more about OOXML .
Maybe i'm ignorant , but this is really mind boggling for me .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Sunday , May 11 2008 @ 01:22 PM
EDT
I have no doubt that Microsoft really wants to see Open Source projects target
running on Windows .
Otherwise they 've got a lot of work to do trying to keep
up .
Unfortunately for them , all the things they 've done to hinder commercial
competition also impedes Open Source projects .
It 's also created the disaster
which is called Vista .
Nice to see them starting to realize they 're getting just what they deserve :-)
Sadly I doubt that they 're anywhere close to " playing well with
others " , but if the Blender developers ask for information about file
formats and a covenant not to sue over any relevant patents they might begin to
consider behaving better .
rhb [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : bbaston on Sunday , May 11 2008 @ 01:33 PM EDT
Just cut and past , guys and gals :
Yes , Microsoft , we have a format problem which interferes with interoperability of our GPL project with your operating system .
However , the solution is simple .
Just send us the full format specifications for all your products - and we 'll work it out on this end .
If you like , please include an " all patents are waivered " statement - but that is optional as we can work around or invalidate any patents you might claim anyway .
PS - do n't forget to forward every change to your format specifications too .
Yours truly ,
Open Source Project Manager ---
IMBW , IANAL2 , IMHO , IAVO
imaybewrong , iamnotalawyertoo , inmyhumbleopinion , iamveryold [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Sunday , May 11 2008 @ 01:41 PM EDT
That 's surely the answer needed .
Do n't cripple it and hang it over DirectX , use
OpenGL .
A 3D application never uses the widget / look 'nfeel of the host OS because any 3D
application is already having to work against a multi-dimensional problem space
with 2D output and 2D ( or 1D ) inputs .
So , MS , if you want Blender to work better on Windows , use OpenGL . [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : SilverWave on Sunday , May 11 2008 @ 01:54 PM
EDT
http://elitemrp.net/iat/
knock your selves out ;)
http://i29.photobucket.com/albums/c252/cholizo/its-a-trap.gif
---
Phorm is highly intrusive - it's like the P.O. opening all my letters to see
what I 'm interested in , merely so that I can be sent a better class of junk
mail . [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : vruz on Sunday , May 11 2008 @ 01:55 PM EDT
Blender runs just fine on Windows , and has been doing so for years without
Microsoft's " help " .
One should ask , what 's in it for Microsoft ?
The only way Microsoft can help is by letting us be , respect our culture , our
copyrights .
Keep the change .
Thanks , but no , thanks .
And a honest suggestion to Microsoft : focus on your products and do something
about the lame state of your company and the awful treatment you give to your
customers .
We 'll be alright .
---
--- the vruz [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Sunday , May 11 2008 @ 02:14 PM
EDT
Hey people , you should all read this Wikipedia article on Cartels .
Specially the European Union part .
Whoever has the ability to talk to the right people at the European Union this is the time to do it .
It starts with : The EU 's competition law explicitly forbids cartels and related practices in its article 81 of the Treaty of Rome .
1 . The following shall be prohibited as incompatible with the common market : all agreements between undertakings , decisions by associations of undertakings and concerted practices which may affect trade between Member States and which have as their object or effect the prevention , restriction or distortion of competition within the common market , and in particular those which : ( a ) directly or indirectly fix purchase or selling prices or any other trading conditions ; ( b ) limit or control production , markets , technical development , or investment ; ( c ) share markets or sources of supply ; ( d ) apply dissimilar conditions to equivalent transactions with other trading parties , thereby placing them at a competitive disadvantage ; ( e ) make the conclusion of contracts subject to acceptance by the other parties of supplementary obligations which , by their nature or according to commercial usage , have no connection with the subject of such contracts .
In one way they hope to get out of paying the fine : Microsoft Appeals  899 M
Fine
On the other : Microsoft to Limit Capabilities of Cheap Laptops Microsoft plans to offer PC makers steep discounts on Windows XP Home Edition to encourage them to use that OS instead of Linux on ultra low - cost PCs ( ULPCs ) .
To be eligible , however , the PC vendors that make ULPCs must limit screen sizes to 10.2 inches and hard drives to 80G bytes , and they cannot offer touch - screen PCs .
The program is outlined in confidential documents that Microsoft sent to PC makers last month , and which were obtained by IDG News Service ....
Microsoft hopes to secure its place in the ULPC market and reduce the use of Linux , according to an official at one PC maker , who asked not to be identified because he was not authorized to discuss the program .
" [ Low - cost PC makers ] have made some good inroads with open - source , and Microsoft wants to put a stop to it , " the official said .
Clearly , instead of dropping the fines , the European Union should start thinking on others ways to punish Microsoft for their anti-competitive behaviour .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Sunday , May 11 2008 @ 02:15 PM EDT
Ask them to document and open source tools to read / write the FBX file format .
FBX is the 3D file format of choice of Microsoft and Autodesk , and as far as I know the tools are closed source , which hinders free developers .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Open Source the FBX file format - Authored by : Anonymous on Monday , May 12 2008 @ 12:32 PM EDT
Authored by : Anonymous on Sunday , May 11 2008 @ 02:19 PM EDT
The brutal reply - better MS support for KDE4 or GTK2 .
I 'm not sure if that is what MS had in mind though .
_ [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Steve Martin on Sunday , May 11 2008 @ 02:34 PM
EDT
Because our battle is not sort of business model to business model .
Our battle is product to product , Windows versus Linux , Office versus OpenOffice .
Which makes me wonder right off why Microsoft even cares about Blender .
Microsoft is not in the 3D content production business .
" Product to product " , indeed .
What 's really on your mind , Mr. Ballmer ? ---
" When I say something , I put my name next to it . " -- Isaac Jaffe , " Sports Night " [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Sunday , May 11 2008 @ 02:45 PM
EDT
How much would it cost Microsoft to employ the open
software community ?
MS 's people are too busy trying
to please the boss to write decent apps .
FOSS developers
are only trying to please their users .
Look at Microsoft 's most recent failures :
-- Vista
-- OOXML
-- XP SP3
All of them are essentially unusable .
Why would you entrust
your business to these people ?
Maybe I 'm a little too harsh on Microsoft 's code writers .
Maybe
they do have what it takes .
But Ballmer and Gates wo n't let
them .
Microsoft 's comments are aimed at governments , not their own
customers .
Microsoft can't win new customers , so it will have
to bribe governments to force their citizens to use Microsoft .
My frame of reference for Microsoft are the U.S. automakers .
Toyota , Nissan and the German automakers captured U.S .
customers with quality , while U.S. quality declined .
Microsoft is following the same path as U.S. automakers .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : lordshipmayhem on Sunday , May 11 2008 @ 03:22 PM EDT
Am I the only one who looked at the headline and wondered why Microsoft was
e-mailing a character from Futurama ?
... and then deciding that considering the somewhat nebulous morality of
Blender 's character on that show , considering it to be entirely appropriate to
be offering him Ballmer 's position ... [ Reply to This | # ]
typo ? - Authored by : Anonymous on Sunday , May 11 2008 @ 05:52 PM EDT typo ? - Authored by : lordshipmayhem on Sunday , May 11 2008 @ 10:24 PM EDT
- Authored by : Anonymous on Sunday , May 11 2008 @ 05:52 PM EDT
Authored by : Anonymous on Sunday , May 11 2008 @ 03:33 PM EDT
We 're all familiar with " FUD " and " Embrace , Extend ,
Extinguish " as descriptive names for MS 's proven
strategies ( as in proven to work , and proven that they do
it ) .
But this needs a new name .
The old ones do n't quite fit ,
and their names lack punch .
I suggest " Lulu " or " Lulu Lock " : Lure , Lull , Lock .
You can see them doing it all over the landscape lately ,
and it is n't pretty .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Sunday , May 11 2008 @ 03:34 PM EDT
Maybe they should suggest to Microsoft to buy Autodesk to really open Autodesk
format , the later being ( supposedly ) one of the huge barriers of adoption of
Free Software in CAD .
- H [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Sunday , May 11 2008 @ 03:34 PM EDT
" I would love to see all Open Source innovation happen on top of Windows .
"
But I thought that OSS never innovated .
We just copy you .
Isnt that what you
said in the past ?
The best thing we can do to Microsoft is just ignore them .
Exclude them from the market .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : gdeinsta on Sunday , May 11 2008 @ 04:43 PM EDT
Ever noticed that packaged bread companies never advertise that their product is " fresh " ?
That 's because " fresh " means made this morning .
So they advertise " freshness " , which means precisely that their bread is not fresh .
So too with " open " and " openness " .
BTW this is what Orwell meant by doublespeak .
He had worked as a copy writer , so he knew all about it .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : joef on Sunday , May 11 2008 @ 04:47 PM EDT
If Microsoft really wants FOSS applications to work on their platforms , it 's quite simple .
All they have to do is top provide the resources and authority for their own employees to work on the projects .
These individuals simply join the projects and start contributing .
They contribute on the same basis as other contributors , and under the same license .
Are there any projects that would deny their participation under these groundrules ?
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : mikeprotts on Sunday , May 11 2008 @ 05:14 PM EDT
Classic tactics , but poor strategy .
Divide and conquer relies on the opponent having the same goals , i.e. vanquish
the opposition .
For a battle you may pick up some easy wins , but the FOSS
vision does n't have a winner / loser mentality .
Every one wins with FOSS , and
every one loses without , so the long term will favour FOSS , even if there are
some casualties on the way .
Think of vi vs emacs , KDE vs gnome .
There is no
loser , as the best is shared , and the preferences are kept .
With proprietary
the commercially viable is kept , the best and the preferences are irellivant .
Accepting that there is a choice is so difficult for some companies , but choice
and freedom are always the winners in the end .
It may be a painful path but it
is the one that prevails .
If you want to change a system you have to become part of the system , and with
FOSS becoming part of the system means you accept it , so changes can only be for
the good .
That is where non FOSS companies can't cope , so are doomed to
failure .
Cheers
Mike [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : TiddlyPom on Sunday , May 11 2008 @ 06:18 PM
EDT
I know it hardly need to be said here but there are so many people who do trust Microsoft .
I did for a number of years and when I discovered how devious they are it opened my eyes .
I saw this in a small way when I worked with a team producing an intra-net application for banks and building societies for booking appointments ( with searches across multiple branches ) .
We started with a clean slate and could have used either Java or ( as it was then ) the recently released C# .NET ( 1.0 ) .
Microsoft claimed that they would help fund the development of the new system * if * it was written in C# rather than Java .
Most of the banks used Java so in many ways this would have been lower risk although my colleagues had been using VB6 in the previous project so using Microsoft products was also seen as a lower risk .
Inevitably we used C# for ASPX pages rather than Java Servlet Pages ( although in hindsight I do not think that JSP would have been any harder than ASPX and the language itself is almost identical ) .
Of course the funding never materialized and I expect that it never would have .
The application was pretty successful in its own field but rather specialized so had no mass market appeal .
I suspect that Microsoft would have tried to buy it out if it had had more mass market appeal .
As the more open source / cross platform friendly member of the team , I felt betrayed and rather angry .
Microsoft would ( of course ) just chalk this up as another victory for them .
I am ( as I type ) in the process of setting up my Father 's PC as dual boot between Windows XP and 64 bit Ubuntu and I swear this will be the last Windows PC I build .
If this was not for my Father then I would have refused to load any Microsoft operating systems ( and indeed I did try and persuade him to make this Ubuntu - only ) .
These days I find myself hating Microsoft with every fiber of my being simply because of what they do .
They will do * anything * ( however underhanded or devious ) to remain in power ( by which I mean retain market share ) and the Blender team should * never * trust them no matter how meek and gracious they might seem .
---
Open Source Software - Unpicking the Microsoft monopoly piece - by - piece . [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Toon Moene on Sunday , May 11 2008 @ 06:27 PM
EDT
OK , lets have a vote .
How many of you read this as :
Microsoft email blunder .
( in the sense that a ... hmmm how will I put this ... sensitive e-mail in the
Sarbany - Ox sense was accidentily discovered during one of the many lawsuits MS
is involved in ) .
---
Toon Moene ( A GNU Fortran maintainer and physicist at large ) [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Sunday , May 11 2008 @ 06:38 PM EDT
I just wanted to comment on the first bit of text quoted , I read it as what new
file formats can we rush to patent to hamper your development .
I did actually
laugh out loud when I read the bit about OOXML been giving ' as an example of
increased interest in open standards .
What I like about reading tech news over the last few years is that Microsoft
does n't get that increasingly ' people do n't care ' what they do ,
we 're finding alternatives .
( maybe slowly but very steadily ) .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Sunday , May 11 2008 @ 06:54 PM
EDT
If it is n't already ( i only see version 2 license on blender.org ) , they should
probably accelerate any consideration of upgrading to version 3 .
That ms are even flirting with a gpl product is quite amazing really , but gpl3
might just make sure they cannot subvert it also .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Sunday , May 11 2008 @ 07:11 PM EDT
The OOXML thing , now this ..
It strikes me as something that MS can't lose
doing .
If they ' win ' then they get their way .. in this case , who knows what they plan ?
A nice big fat cheque offering to the Blender guys to move to the " all new
MS 3d file format " ?
If they ' lose ' ( ignored , criticized ) then they can play the ' poor me , we keep
trying to extend our hand but they keep ignoring / criticizing us ' line .. and then
they can just do whatever the hell they want ( which they would have anyhow ) but
all the while playing the ' poor me ' card to offset their evil doings .
It may well be a smart move from a business sense but it 's been said a thousand
times - actions speak louder then words and MS 's actions , time and time again ,
show themselves for what they really are .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Sunday , May 11 2008 @ 07:21 PM EDT
While PJ is pointing to the ' battle ' mentality of Ballmer and his merry barons ,
I think the initial query contains a comment that is more honest and
straightforward than was intended :
< i>' The ISO standard Office Open XML is an example of the direction we are
moving towards .'</i>
What more need be said ?
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : argee on Sunday , May 11 2008 @ 07:39 PM EDT
Blender runs on Windows , therefore ...
Linux is not needed .
Therefore ...
People stay with Windows .
Therefore ...
Try to change Blender from GPL to BSD .
Therefore ...
Microsoft can take the Blender Code , and
put it into Windows .
Therefore ...
Profit !
An Excellent Business Model !
Those MS Guys are good !
And its good for the economy !
---
--
argee [ Reply to This | # ]
An Excellent Business Model ! - Authored by : Anonymous on Monday , May 12 2008 @ 06:55 PM
EDT
Authored by : SirHumphrey on Sunday , May 11 2008 @ 08:36 PM
EDT
Microsoft email BLUNder ? - Authored by : Anonymous on Monday , May 12 2008 @ 10:54 PM
EDT
Authored by : Anonymous on Sunday , May 11 2008 @ 09:25 PM EDT
Their view of open source is this :
(1) We use them to develop for us and on our platform .
(2) They are to be stunted by any means .
(3) They 're a threat to our business model .
So whatever gestures they make to open source , it is often filled with catches ,
conditions , and hidden agendas .
They 're really not worth doing business with in
the long run .
They 're not interested in genuinely working with people and being
part of a community .
In fact , they 've even tried to create their own imitation
of open source !
Heck , even re-defined the term " open " to suit their
business !
They are only interested in getting leverage over others .
ie :
To get control and
to do anything to maintain control .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Sunday , May 11 2008 @ 09:46 PM
EDT
Sorry , but this just looks suspicious to me .
Am I really supposed to believe
this story ?
Who is Ton Roosendaal and who exactly did he contact a Microsoft ?
Has any of this been verified ?
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Sunday , May 11 2008 @ 10:53 PM EDT
Get it ?
They view everything as a battle .
" All Open Source innovation " means to him , I gather , that Windows runs the applications so well , the GNU / Linux operating system dies off .
If that 's the plan then I think they are going to be disappointed .
The easiest people by far to move to Linux are ones that already run FOSS apps .
on their Windows boxes .
Of course it's in MS 's best interest to support those FOSS apps .
that do n't already have popular propriatary competition on Windows ( like blender ) and it's in our best interest to support those apps .
that do ( Gimp , Apache , OO etc ) .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Microsoft emails Blender - Authored by : Anonymous on Monday , May 12 2008 @ 06:59 PM
EDT
Authored by : rsteinmetz70112 on Sunday , May 11 2008 @ 11:28 PM
EDT
Blender is a cabable application but is is not dominate in any market I'm
familiar with .
So why is Blender targeted for this special attention ?
---
Rsteinmetz - IANAL therefore my opinions are illegal .
" I could be wrong now , but I do n't think so . "
Randy Newman - The Title Theme from Monk
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : overshoot on Sunday , May 11 2008 @ 11:29 PM EDT
And in reply : Blender is an open - source project .
As with all open source projects , our roadmap is driven by the needs that our development community perceives --- " scratching an itch " is the common phrase .
Microsoft apparently " itches " to add support for more file formats to Blender .
This is good , as we understand that Microsoft also employs programmers who are intimately familiar with those file formats .
By all means submit your code supporting them to the project .
As always , we do require that you legally license your submission compatibly .
Thank you for your inquiry , etc. [ Reply to This | # ]
No problem - Authored by : Anonymous on Monday , May 12 2008 @ 03:42 AM EDT
- Authored by : Anonymous on Monday , May 12 2008 @ 03:42 AM
EDT and this ... - Authored by : Anonymous on Monday , May 12 2008 @ 09:09 AM EDT
Authored by : Anonymous on Sunday , May 11 2008 @ 11:35 PM EDT
Microsoft emails Blender - Authored by : tknarr on Monday , May 12 2008 @ 01:28 AM EDT
Authored by : Anonymous on Monday , May 12 2008 @ 12:11 AM EDT
When M$ approaches you remember that they are doing so not for your benefit but
for theirs .
Do n't trust them , and do n't sign a deal with them .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Wesley_Parish on Monday , May 12 2008 @ 06:46 AM
EDT
Firstly , I think Microsoft would be wise to explain this sort of licensing :
Also , the license for the free ( Express Edition ) of MASM 8 precludes commercial use of the binaries it produces .
This is odd because the VS2005 Express Edition C++ compiler has no such restriction , nor does any version of MASM 6 .
And as we know , Linux 's licensing now permits commercial use - or rather , does not discriminate against commercial entities making use of it , nor commercial entities earning profit from supporting it - , whereas previously - Linux 0.01 did not permit any commercial use at all :
The very first license used for the kernel was _not_ the GPL at all , but read the release notes for Linux 0.01 , and you will see : 2 . Copyrights etc
This kernel is ( C ) 1991 Linus Torvalds , but all or part of it may be
redistributed provided you do the following : - Full source must be available ( and free ) , if not with the
distribution then at least on asking for it .
- Copyright notices must be intact .
( In fact , if you distribute
only parts of it you may have to add copyrights , as there are n't
( C ) 's in all files . )
Small partial excerpts may be copied
without bothering with copyrights .
-
You may not distibute this for a fee , not even " handling "
costs .
Microsoft 's confusion about the GPL and " non-commercial " licensing and use of their software is about as useful as an udder on a bull .
That they then extend this confusion to the Free and Open Source Software communities throws that confusion into sharp relief .
Secondly , we need to see that Microsoft is indeed taking the responsibilities of being an active part of the FOSS communities seriously .
When IBM approached Apache about becoming part of their community , they were told the only way to do so , was simply to contribute .
If Microsoft wishes to take part in making Blender run better on MS Windows , then openly submitting bug reports and fixes is the way to go .
Merely talking about it just gets people 's dander up .
And muttering incomprehensibly about " file formats " is a good way to get your face laughed in .
Of course , I would also like to see Microsoft release the source trees of MS Windows 95 , MS Windows NT 3.51 , MS Office 97 , MS Visual C++ and Visual Basic 4.x , Visual [ Programming Language ] Express [ Studio ] , etc , under the GPL v3 , just to convince us that they have buried the hatchet with the FSF GNU Project 's General Public License , and furthermore have no intentions of exercising any software " patents " against anyone in any of the FOSS communities .
Until they do so , I feel I have very specific reasons to doubt any claim of Microsoft's that they have foresworn the use of software " patents " against the developers of FOSS .
---
finagement : The Vampire 's veins and Pacific torturers stretching back through his own season .
Well , cutting like a child on one of these states of view , I duck [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Monday , May 12 2008 @ 07:22 AM
EDT
Maybe Blender will learn from OLCP .
If you find a snake on
your doorstep asking to come in because it is cold outside
it is always better to leave the snake outside regardless
of how you may feel .
One does n't need to speculate on M $
motives or goals , you already know what the end result will
be .
Blender are fools if they get involved with M$ .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Microsoft emails Blender - Authored by : davecb on Monday , May 12 2008 @ 08:57 AM EDT
Authored by : Anonymous on Monday , May 12 2008 @ 07:41 AM EDT
I assume some of the point is with regard to the file format blender uses , is it
an ISO specified format or just some custom thing they bashed together like many
people before and after them will do .
Answer at ...
http://www.blender.org/community/blender-conference/blender-conference-2004/proc
eedings / kent-mein/full-paper/
Trying to link FOSS with standards compliance is a complete red herring , some
does many dont .
I 'm sure I 'd have great fun coding up something to read file
that blenders own docos describe as
" basically a dump of the data structures in blender with some information
on the " version " of the . blend that tells blender how to deal with
things "
lots of people need to learn about open specifications not only MS .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Hmmm ... - Authored by : Anonymous on Monday , May 12 2008 @ 01:56 PM EDT Hmmm ... - Authored by : lukep on Monday , May 12 2008 @ 04:05 PM EDT
- Authored by : Anonymous on Monday , May 12 2008 @ 01:56 PM EDT
Authored by : philc on Monday , May 12 2008 @ 08:57 AM EDT
There is no need for MS to deal with FOSS projects .
The source is available and
the forums are available .
They can spend the money , do the port , and make their
source changes available to all according to license requirements .
Just like
anyone else .
If they are really interested in interoperability , they could contribute to WINE
to get it complete .
If they work with the projects , they can make their changes in a fashion that
will be accepted back into the project .
Open source is open to all to participate and contribute .
Its all about open
availability to source to everyone .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Monday , May 12 2008 @ 09:30 AM EDT
If Bender goes along , they get swallowed .
If Bender does not go along , MS gets to claim the FOSS side is n't interested in
interoperability .
Either way , MS wins .
Requiring licensing terms that MS can never accept might be a viable way out ...
[ Reply to This | # ]
Could be ?
- Authored by : Darigaaz on Thursday , May 15 2008 @ 12:20 PM
EDT
Authored by : Anonymous on Monday , May 12 2008 @ 09:37 AM EDT
" Get it ?
They view everything as a battle .
" All Open Source
innovation " means to him , I gather , that Windows runs the applications so
well , the GNU / Linux operating system dies off .
Who needs it ? "
PJ .
This is a knife that cuts both ways .
OpenOffice.org , Gimp with GTK runs
beautifully on Windows .
I know because I use the two products all the time .
They also run beautifully on Linux and Mac OS X .
" GNU Linux operating system dies off . "
This will never happen as long as Microsoft is the champion of OGA , WGA and
DRM Lockin , and an inherently insecure , bloated , nagging operating system .
Microsoft is bound and determined to make the Windows WOW experience as painful
as possible .
If you put the open source applications on the Windows desktop and get people
used to using them , then when the next MS Office release comes down , requiring
another hardware upgrade , people will say " why bother , this open product
runs just fine . "
When you need to buy another computer or recycle a
perfectly good one with Ubuntu , with all the same open applications people have
gotten used to , it becomes a no brainer .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Monday , May 12 2008 @ 09:46 AM
EDT
" If they continue to avoid truly open standards and their own file formats
provide a sub-optimal experience for Windows users , then it is not the open
source community that has a problem imho "
While this is technically true , it is the wrong answer .
This is not a user centric response .
I do n't bother trying to make web pages I write for personal use work on
Internet Explorer .
I can get away with this because the only browser I trust is
Firefox , and they are only for my own use .
But if I were to write a page for public consumptions , I had better follow the
W3C standards , and add whatever checks and adjustments needed so the thing
behaves on IE .
So , pick your audience , and code for the audience .
If that means MS c ... then
so be it .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Monday , May 12 2008 @ 11:27 AM EDT
... so to make the project safe from Microsoft 's exec 's greed .
Seriously , now that Blender is in MSFT radas , is time to consider the extra
anti-patent - FUD protection the GPL v3 provides .
Then Microsoft wo n't dare touch
Blender . [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Monday , May 12 2008 @ 12:11 PM EDT
P.J. has :
It 's to have Windows do everything , including running Linux applications , better than anyone else .
There 's just one little problem with that .
In MS ' history , they have never allowed anything to run better on Windows then their own product if they could prevent it .
Which means they 'll be in an interesting position if that 's their goal .
Do they : Allow FOSS apps to temporarily run better then their own bloated products while hoping the end result of those apps is that they actually perform better then on the " native OS " ?
Allow FOSS apps to run on Windows , but in a hobbled environment so their own apps appear much better in comparison ?
If they 're actually going down that path , it 'll be interesting to see which of the above MS chooses .
If they choose to allow FOSS apps to run " as built " then MS ' own products will suddenly be obviously lower grade material even to " Aunt Jane " .
If they choose to hobble FOSS apps then anyone showing the app running on both a MS platform and a non -MS platform will easily be able to identify the fact that the problem resides on the MS platform .
Note : I deliberately used " native OS " instead of Linux because a good number of FOSS apps are built targetting multiple platforms and not necessarily built on Linux first .
I suspect MS is asking the FOSS app what it " most needs " in order to have a better idea of what they need to do to lock it out further .
I say that because I can't imagine MS is impressed with apps such as Wine , Cedega or ... argghhh .... that network file access one ( for some reason , I ca n't think of the name of it at the moment ) .
In short : although it 's more difficult to make sure the FOSS apps can run on Windows without MS ' help then with , the reality is it 's happening .
MS must also realise there is no way they can hope to keep up with the release cycles of the key FOSS apps / OS .
For example , MS took approx .
twice as long to produce Vista then the FOSS world took to produce the same additional functionality in Gnome and KDE .
In that time , KDE required an external app to add the 3D functionality .
Today , it has that 3D functionality built into it .
I also understand it 's being setup to be able to be your main desktop GUI on MS as well .
If that 's true , ouchies to MS .
If MS wishes to keep on building it's own apps to sell for full profit , their only hope is to hobble any FOSS apps that are built to run on MS .
Based on that , I 'd expect they want as much information as they can get from Blender so they can be in a better position to hobble it .
I 'll be surprised if they actually want to help blender be able to run better on MS .
RAS [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Jose on Monday , May 12 2008 @ 12:46 PM
EDT
>>
" I would love to see all Open Source innovation happen
on top of Windows .
So we 've done a lot to encourage , for
example , the team building , PHP , the team building , many
of the other Open Source components , I 'd love to see those
sorts of innovations proceed very successfully on top of
Windows .
" Because our battle is not sort of business model to
business model .
Our battle is product to product , Windows
versus Linux , Office versus OpenOffice . "
What this reconfirms ( maybe unintentionally or even
through selective quoting by groklaw ?? ) is that the
threat to Monopolysoft is principally from Linux and from
Openoffice ( as they see it .. and you only have to glance
at their 10 K to understand why ) .
These are two of the more
visible and obvious components of their interlocking
monopolies .
WinFOSS helps preserve Monopolysoft 's power because it
helps " Windows " .
" MSO " is also helped if Monopolysoft can
manage to get you to use UhOhXML , as they appear to want
the Blender project to do .
Users will most appreciate your project ( eg , Blender ) the
day Windows is replaced by Linux .
You can prepare
maximally for that day by not wasting time with Windows
ports , or you can push that date further off into the
future .
A custom Linux LiveCD is the best way to create the best
experience for your target audience .
It is a free download
and can be run on a VM or spare computer .
That platform
can be designed completely to spec ( eg , as Blender folks
would want it ) .
It is completely free , customizable , and
shareable ( royalty free ) by Blender users .
See post # 8/9 http://ostatic.com/161583-blog/read-t
h
e - fine - print - on - open - source - software
>>
First , coding Microsoft protocols is a rat race ....
>>
Two , remember that it is in Monopolysoft 's best
business interest to preserve their monopolies and , where
such monopolies can be leveraged ( skirting the law for the
time being ) , to make sure the interfaces they provide to
third parties are broken or break ( perhaps even after a
software update that happens transparently at night while
you sleep , changing key software you lease from them and
files you own .. as I am sure their EULA stipulates can
happen ) ....
Why does n't Microsoft move to ODF and then come back to
talk ?
I imagine Blender 's file formats ( of which I have
limited knowledge ) and most other file formats will
eventually integrate with ODF or with something from the
W3C .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Preserving the seat of their power - Authored by : Anonymous on Tuesday , May 13 2008 @ 05:28 AM EDT
Authored by : Anonymous on Monday , May 12 2008 @ 12:52 PM
EDT
Their goal , however , is n't true interoperability .
It 's to have Windows do everything , including running Linux applications , better than anyone else .
Why should you settle for Brand X " interoperability " ?
Considering the technical limitations of the Windows platform in the realm of 3d graphics , I doubt that .
Considering also the technical limitations of blender and the average hardware that will use it , I highly doubt that .
At worst this is just Microsoft realizing that it is shooting itself in the foot with their shoddy support of the most popular FOSS 3d application .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Monday , May 12 2008 @ 01:43 PM
EDT
Hello , this is ( Campbell Baton /ideasman42 )
As a blender dev I can tell you this is really going to have no impact on
blender .
Our requests from Microsoft are a MSVC license to compile blender on Windows ,
and better OpenGL support .
( which they claim to have ... pfft , yeah right )
There is really no formats microsoft use that is directly relevant to blender
anyway .
- aside from BMP and AVI which we already support .
Agree that OOXML is a load of crap and Im not sure why the MS guy would suggest
this as a reason to become buddies with MS .
Again , Blender and Microsoft have very little in common so blender users have
nothing to worry about .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Monday , May 12 2008 @ 07:20 PM EDT
why do n't we all ask peter quinn how he feels about microsoft openness and
interoperability stance .
I am sure he is well educated about that and will give an objective point of
view .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Microsoft emails Blender - Authored by : Anonymous on Tuesday , May 13 2008 @ 09:07 AM EDT
Authored by : Anonymous on Tuesday , May 13 2008 @ 04:08 PM EDT
Microsoft is a company .
A BIG company that needs to make money for their
shareholders .
GET IT ? [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Tuesday , May 13 2008 @ 05:05 PM EDT
Please dont ever fall to crap microshaft has to say .. [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Tuesday , May 13 2008 @ 05:45 PM EDT
I do n't care if microsoft can run my software ( which I go to great lengths to
make cross-platform ) , and I can't run their software on linux .
It 's not a
competition , we 're not keeping tabs of how many programs can run on which OS .
I 'm not " fighting the corporation " here , because we 're not a
corporation , and we do n't stand to lose against them .
If we are
" defeated " , anyone can pick up our code and continue where we left .
It 's Gandhi used to say : " First they ignored me .. then they just kept
ignoring because I was irrelevant , and then I went away " .
It 's a good
strategy :)
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Tuesday , May 13 2008 @ 08:35 PM EDT
How about , " Do your own work , M$oft ! "
You want some information ?
Do n't just ask ' them that 's doing ' for the answers , join the Blender community
and contribute some hacks to the Windows port .
Formulate your own opinions and
in the process actually participate in the Open Source process .
Try it , it's
the Future ! [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Wednesday , May 14 2008 @ 12:15 AM EDT
I think this is a 2 - way street .
I 'm sure that there are many developers that would love to have the source code
for the C# development environment .
While I am a bit new to this , I do think the world would benefit from a good
cross-compiler / development system that would generate stable executables for
LINUX , Macintosh , and WINDOZE .
Or ..
Perhaps one should ask Microsoft to provide a dozen developers with unlimited
access to improve the WINE project ( as open source , of course ) .
And , verify that all Microsoft software is stable under WINE without any tedious
hacks .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Wednesday , May 14 2008 @ 11:01 AM EDT
Obviously Microsoft wants FOSS developers to make their applications work better
with Windows .
They DON'T HAVE TO PAY THEM to write and maintain those
applications , and they ( hence the OS ) is n't responsible if / when problems with
the app appear .
And , there 's another reason :
In an interoffice email written on January 6 ,
2000 , the retiring Microsoft Technical Evangelist pointed out to the fellow
starting up a Microsoft Evangelism
Team that " Every line of code written to
Microsoft 's Standard is a small victory for Microsoft ; and every line of code
written to some other Standard is a small defeat for Microsoft " .
Do not be deceived .
Microsoft considers competition with FOSS to be WAR !
Not
only do they win by having FOSS developers writing to Microsoft 's Standards , the
presence of high quality FOSS software on XP gives Windows users LESS incentive
to try or move to Linux . [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Wednesday , May 14 2008 @ 01:06 PM EDT
Glad you came in ... - Authored by : Anonymous on Friday , May 16 2008 @ 04:59 PM
EDT
Authored by : Anonymous on Friday , May 16 2008 @ 01:23 PM EDT
here is one example of what microsoft does and is still doing today .
look at what they did for live meeting .
they bought the company the created live meeting and it was a cross platform
tool worked on linux all you needed was sun 's latest java package .
now it does n't work on linux as of 5/16/08 - and here is the help file from it -
nowhere does it list linux but it lists sun , mac , and everyone else .
so if the developers of blender have any doubt about microsofts intentions than
look no further than live meeting .
enjoy :
Introduction to the Web - based Meeting Console
If you have been using a previous version of the Web - based Live Meeting console
or if you have been using the Windows - based meeting console , you will notice
some differences when you use the Live Meeting 2005 Web - based meeting console .
What 's New in Live Meeting 2005 Web - based Console
The following are new features of the Web - based meeting console :
* Send Invite .
Presenters can now send e-mail invitations from the
Web - based console .
* Active Presenter .
Presenters can be designated as the Active Presenter .
There is a meeting option that allows only the Active Presenter to navigate
through slides .
* Sharing slides .
Users of the Web - based console on Apple Macintosh and Sun
Solaris computers can create Sharing slides .
* Taking control of Sharing slides .
Users of the Web - based console can be
granted control of the contents of a Sharing slide .
* Live Meeting Presentation ( .lmp ) file format .
Live Meeting presentation
format ( .lmp file ) replaces the PlaceWare Presentation ( . pwp ) file format .
Web - based consoles on Windows - based computers can use an uploader tool that will
convert PowerPoint presentations ( . ppt files ) into .lmp files so that they can
be imported to , and presented in , a meeting .
The following features were removed from the Web - based meeting console :
* Presenter Notes
* Presenter Images
* Snapshot slides
System Requirements
You can use the Web - based Live Meeting console to join meetings without
installing any Live Meeting software on your computer .
The Web - based console is
initialized and accessed entirely in an Internet browser window .
The Web - based
console does , however , require the following software and hardware in order to
run :
Software Requirements :
Operating System Internet Browser Java Virtual Machines
Apple Mac OS X 10.3 Safari 1.2.3 MRJ ( Macintosh Runtime for Java ) 1.4.1 or
higher
Sun Solaris 9 Mozilla 1.4 or Netscape 7.0 Sun JVM 1.4.2
Windows XP SP1 or higher
Windows 2000 SP4
Windows 98 SE Netscape 7.2 Sun JVM 1.4.2
Windows Server 2003
Windows XP SP1 or higher
Windows 2000 SP4
Windows 98 SE Internet Explorer 6.0 SP1 , SP2 Sun JVM 1.4.2 or MS JVM
( 5.0.0.3810 )  preinstalled configurations
Hardware Requirements :
* 64 MB RAM
* 56 Kbps modem ( DSL , cable , or better recommended ) with Internet or
intranet connection
* 800 × 600 screen resolution required for meeting attendees
* 1024 × 768 screen resolution required for presenters
Recording Playback Requirements :
* Live Meeting Replay format : Windows Media Player 9 or later .
Note
There is no Live Meeting Replay format support for Mac OS X or for
Sun Solaris .
* Basic Recording format :
Any supported browser on a supported operating
system
Was this information helpful ? [ Reply to This | # ]
Microsoft emails Blender - Authored by : Anonymous on Friday , May 23 2008 @ 06:35 AM
EDT
Authored by : thombone on Saturday , May 17 2008 @ 11:37 PM EDT
The traditional career path of long - term employment for a single corporate giant has become less appealing to a new generation of graduates , as starting and running a small business has become more desirable .
In fact , small business is generating about 75 percent of all new jobs in this country , according to a report in 2006 from the Small Business Administration .
“ What you have today are people who have to think about their careers in a way you did n’t before , ” said Tom Tremblay , president and chief executive of the Guardair Corporation , a small manufacturer in Chicopee , Mass .
“ So it ’s essential that people learn how to manage and run and participate in small companies .
Small business can be taught , and it needs to be taught . ”
Marjorie Smelstor , the Kauffman Foundation ’s vice president for the Kauffman Campuses Initiative and Higher Education Program , agreed that small business can be taught .
The Kauffman Foundation is spending $ 50 million to finance such programs at 19 universities , including Arizona State , Oberlin , the University of Wisconsin and the University of Rochester .
“ The bigger question is , How is it taught ? ” Ms. Smelstor said .
“ If it is taught purely in a traditional classroom with lectures and talking heads with an emphasis on a theoretical approach , then no , it wo n’t be taught or learned . ”
If however , there is a formal connection between classroom learning and hands - on extracurricular activity like actually starting a business , then the concept thrives , she said .
Many colleges have turned to active or retired business owners rather than academics to teach the courses .
At C. T. Bauer College of Business at the University of Houston , for example , Daniel Steppe , a 66 - year - old multimillionaire , is director of the Wolff Center for Entrepreneurship .
Mr. Steppe spent 37 years in business , started five successful companies from scratch and , after selling his last start - up in 2001 , decided to forgo golf for academia .
“ Our classes are taught by a group of men and women who spent 20 to 30 years in the entrepreneurial world , ” Mr. Steppe said .
“ We have some theory but our focus is on the practical .
We do n’t go through all the physics and formulas on how the bicycle works .
We just get on and ride it . ”
Increasingly , the schools are seeking better frameworks and processes to ensure that the pedagogy is replicable and measurable .
And some , like Ms. Smelstor of the Kauffman Foundation , emphasize the continued importance of a strong liberal arts education as a foundation for successful programs .
“ We think entrepreneurship in business schools is often too narrowly focused , ” she said .
The page or resource that you are accessing is unavailable or an error has occurred .
This error occurred at 09/30/2020 03:06:15 and has been logged .
Organisers said there were 40,000 people
Demonstrators called for troops to be withdrawn from Iraq and Afghanistan and for Gaza 's borders to be re-opened .
Organisers said 40,000 people took part in London but police said 10,000 .
A Stop the War spokesman said Iraq had made the world a more dangerous place .
But a Foreign Office spokesman said Iraq was making " steady progress " .
In London there were speeches from the leaders of a range of groups including CND and the Palestinian Solidarity Campaign .
As well as anger over Iraq and Afghanistan , there were also calls for no action to be taken against Iran .
Speaking at the rally in Trafalgar Square , the Liberal Democrat peer Baroness Tongue told the BBC that the war in Iraq had been an illegal act , supported by false documentary evidence .
" We feel that there are people who have literally got away with murder .
We have people who have made an illegal war happen , and no - one has brought them to book , and it 's about time we did . "
Former Labour cabinet minister Tony Benn said : " The troops in Iraq have caused devastation .
It 's the same in Afghanistan . "
' Hidden war '
Green MEP Caroline Lucas called for Tony Blair and Gordon Brown to be prosecuted for war crimes .
And a spokesman for the Stop the War Coalition said : " Estimates suggest as many as one million have died violent deaths as a result of the occupation of Iraq .
Glasgow hosted another demo
" Despite talk of a change of attitude to Bush 's wars , Brown is sending more troops to Afghanistan .
This hidden war is fast becoming a disaster mirroring Iraq . "
Peace campaigner Bianca Jagger said it was " astonishing " that former prime minister Tony Blair and US President George Bush had not been called to account for the Iraq war , which she called an " unmitigated disaster " .
Meanwhile in Glasgow hundreds of protestors also marched through the city , waving placards saying " Troops out of Iraq and Afghanistan " and " Do n't attack Iran " and " Freedom for Palestine " .
A Foreign Office spokesman said Stop The War 's description of the situation in Iraq , Afghanistan and Iran was " simply not accurate " .
No arrests were made
" In Iraq , there is clear evidence we are making steady progress , particularly in terms of security .
We have also acknowledged that mistakes were made , and drawn the appropriate lessons . "
In Afghanistan Nato forces are winning the struggle against the Taleban , he said , with 5.4 million children in school compared to an estimated one million children in 2001 .
" Iran still has many questions to answer over its nuclear ambitions - we are pursuing UN - approved sanctions to encourage Iran to provide greater transparency , " he said .
" And in Pakistan we are encouraged by initial moves to form a new , democratic government which reflects the will of Pakistan 's people . "
My Eddie Shack story A few days ago I heard that Eddie Shack died at the age of 83 .
I was never a fan of the Leafs , but it was hard not to be a fan of Eddie Shack .
About a decade after Shack had retired ( in 1975 ) I was involved up to my wahzoo in minor hockey .
I Read More
What happens when your freedom conflicts with mine ?
It is not uncommon these days to see people protesting the way authorities are “ violating their freedom ” by enforcing things like social distancing , encouraging the wearing of masks in public , or not allowing businesses like restaurants to openly conduct business .
This type of protest is much more common in the United States than it is Read More
Will online education finally start to take over ?
The lockdown brought on by the coronavirus pandemic has meant kids of all ages are unable to attend school classes .
This is particularly problematic for older kids – advanced high school and post secondary – because their future careers are being interrupted in a significant way .
This is not so much a factor for younger Read More
Check Out these Sample Practice Tracks
Now you can become a member of practicetracks.org for just $ 10 / year .
PracticeTracks is a project of MuzicTrain.com , a non-profit organization in Waterloo , Ontario , dedicated to encouraging young musicians and making music resources and opportunities available to them .
Practice Tracks are play along songs and exercises that give new and aspiring musicians practice resources .
These are Read More
The Evolution of Modern Logo Design
The way corporate logos are designed has evolved a lot , especially since after WWII , the advent of television , the “ visualization ” of popular culture , and the explosion of consumerism that really took off in the 1950s and 60s .
Here is a short video published in The Atlantic in August , 2018 featuring one of the firms involved Read More
The HMCS Ojibwa impressive but needs work
We visited the submarine display in Port Burwell a few years ago , and were impressed enough to take two of our grandsons , Liam and Jack , to visit the display this week .
The HMCS Ojibwa served in the Canadian navy during the Cold War from 1965 to 1998 .
The ship was mothballed for a few years Read More
Nice B&B in Springford with Alpacas
We spent a couple of days this week with Liam and Jack ( two of our grandsons ) golfing and visiting a few interesting spots down near Tillsonburg , Ontario .
The highlight was a personal tour of the Alpacas B&B in Springford .
Many thanks to Roelf and Francien owners of the Alpacas B&B for taking the time to Read More
USA needs to fix its political situation Another day , another series of Trump stories .
This has been going on for almost two years now .
Trump has infected American politics and there seems to be no antiseptic .
He loves to dominate the news , and for almost two years now the media have willingly obliged him .
The left - leaning media – CNN , New York Times , Read More
Insider ’s View of Medicine – Podcast with Dr. Nina Shapiro
This is an interesting podcast of a conversation Sam Harris recently had with Dr. Nina Shapiro on the state of medicine in the U.S. and more generally .
Insider ’s View of Medicine Related Posts : No Related Posts Read More
3 Reasons for New Guitar Players to Practice Scales I ’d wager that just about everybody who ever took a music lesson has memories of playing scales .
Can you just imagine …?
You ’re 10 years old – or 40 for that matter – and your teacher says “ You should spend at least 10 minutes a day working on scales . ”
How many new music students have answered Read More
History of the Guitar
The evolution of the modern guitar is a complicated one .
Stringed instruments with some of the features of modern guitars have been used for about 4,000 years , as can be attested by archaeological evidence from digs in Egypt , Greece , Mesopotamia , and elsewhere where organized human civilizations have been found .
The guitar did n’t really start to Read More
Universal Basic
Income podcast I just listened to Sam Harris interview Andrew Yang about his proposals for a Universal Basic Income in the U.S.
They also touched on Yang ’s campaign to become President of the U.S. in 2020 !
If you do n’t know , a the Universal Basic Income proposal ( UBI ) is the idea that every adult citizen would receive an Read More
Why is the Guitar tuned like this ?
It may not make sense to you at first , and you might just never think of it .
The guitar is tuned the way it is for good physical - mechanical reasons .
You have four fingers on your fingering hand , so the guitar strings are tuned 5 frets apart ( except for the B string ) .
That means you can Read More
Ontario election an embarrassment
As of today , June 7 , 2018 , the results of the provincial election are still unknown .
But it is a pretty sure bet that whoever wins , we are in for a few more years of chaos and mismanagement .
It is pretty amazing how the PC party in Ontario has blown their chance to elect a powerful Read More
Sign of the Times – this one is pretty easy Here ’s another very popular song – Sign of the Times – by Harry Styles .
The video is kind of ridiculous with styles doing his Mary Poppins imitation – flying through the air ( What is that , anyway ? ) – but it ’s a great song for newish guitar players – just three chords – I , vi , V – Read More
Easy and Fun : By the Rivers of Babylon The group called Boney M. had a hit with “ By the Rivers of Babylon ” back in 1978 .
This arrangement almost has a polka feel , and is great fun .
I ’ve given you several keys , and the guitar part is easy in all of them .
This is a great song to practice your strumming technique .
Have fun !
Read More
With a Little Help from my Friends I just finished posting an arrangement for the Beatles ’ “ With a Little Help From My Friends ” , at Guitarband.org
It ’s number 39 .
I ’m planning on going live sometime around 75 songs , so it should be in a month or so .
This was my most extensive arrangement to date .
Alto sax lead , a simple trumpet accompaniment , nice Read More
Guitarband.org - playing with a small band in your browser Guitarband.org is a project I ’ve been working on for a few months , and it ’s almost time to go public .
Like most web projects this one has evolved as I ’ve worked on it .
My first thoughts were to create instructional videos for new guitar players , using animation .
I ’ve seen a lot of videos with a guy Read More
The World as Virtual Reality – Tom Campbell
This post is in response to my recent exposure to the theories of the physicist Tom Campbell .
Campbell is a scientist who has worked at NASA and elsewhere , and has put forward a “ theory of everything ” he calls the “ Big TOE ” ( theory of everything ) .
As I understand it , the core claim of this theory is Read More
Obama Sets Sights on McCain , Ignores Clinton Some insiders say Barack Obama is the Democratic presumptive nominee .
May 10 , 2008  --
A funny thing has happened in the Democratic primary race .
After months of battling Hillary Clinton and rarely engaging presumptive Republican nominee John McCain directly , Democratic frontrunner Barack Obama has seemed to stop running against his primary opponent and has focused on the Arizona senator .
In his latest stump speech , Obama ignored Clinton and aimed his criticism directly at McCain , whom he would face in the general election if the Democrats tap him as their top pick .
" Sen. McCain is running for president to double down on George Bush 's failed economic policies .
I am running to change them and that will be the fundamental difference in this election when I am the Democratic nominee for president , " Obama said in a speech yesterday in Beaverton , Ore .
The Illinois senator outlined his differences with McCain on the economy , health care and gas prices .
Not once did he mention Clinton .
Obama 's new focus came as he overtook Clinton in superdelegates , which was the New York senator 's last statistical advantage in seeking the nomination .
He has 272 superdelegates to her 267 .
Analysts said the Obama strategy is aimed at portraying him as the inevitable nominee and drawing the party faithful to him .
It 's something even some former Clinton administration officials are willing to accept .
" At this point , Barack is the presumptive nominee , " said Rahm Emanuel , former senior advisor to President Bill Clinton .
" [ Hillary Clinton ] put up a good fight and put up a good race , but I think there 's a time now where she needs to concede and unify the party , " said Leon Panetta , President Clinton 's former chief of staff .
Meanwhile , Clinton refuses to give up hope or disappear , and she is pleading for time and donations .
" Give me your votes .
This is no way over yet , " she said .
And while the Obama camp has conceded he 'll lose to Clinton in Tuesday 's West Virginia primary , it is hedging its bets on Oregon to help it seal the nomination and put it over the top .
" The fight for the nomination is a lot about math .
That 's where Barack Obama is strongest , " said Mark Halperin , an ABC News political analyst .
" But it 's also about psychology , and these defections away from the Clintons of some longtime friends is backbreaking in terms of both the math and psychology . "
By CHRISTIAN GYSIN
Last updated at 23:04 13 March 2008
A schoolboy who was taking Ritalin has been found hanged in his bedroom .
Anthony Cole , 15 , had Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder and recently had his prescription for the drug increased .
Recent research claims that Ritalin , also used to combat hyperactivity in children , has led to many developing " manic and psychotic " symptoms .
Scroll down for more ...
Anthony Cole was found hanging after his Ritalin prescription had been increased
The drug has previously faced criticism for side effects that include mood swings and sleeping difficulties .
Anthony 's father said he had noticed the schoolboy becoming snappy and acting as if in a trance shortly before he died .
Days earlier , he had asked his mother how to write a will and enquired about life insurance .
On Saturday , an hour after cuddling her and telling his family he loved them , Anthony was found dead by his father .
Colin , 51 , of Conniburrow , Milton Keynes , said yesterday : " He was just so cheerful and always smiling , but I think he bottled a lot of his feelings up .
" He had said he was worried about his GCSEs and that bigger boys at school had been picking on him .
" He had his problems but on school holidays he seemed so much calmer and happier .
" But when he went back to school after the recent half - term break he became really snappy and tense .
Sometimes he acted like he was in a trance . "
" He was a very inquisitive boy , he was interested in electronics and mechanics .
On Saturday he was watching me fix a plug and asking lots of questions .
" He disappeared to his bedroom and about an hour later we called him down for lunch .
But when he did n't reply I went upstairs and found him hanging there . "
Anthony 's mother Tina , 45 , added : " I was peeling potatoes with him when he asked me about making a will .
" I was really shocked but I thought it was just his inquisitive nature .
We have a lot of unanswered questions .
" Sadly Anthony has taken many of the answers with him . "
Anthony , who leaves his twin brother and sister , ten , and sister , 13 , was prescribed Ritalin six years ago when he was diagnosed with ADHD .
An inquest into his death will take place in June .
Two years ago , an investigation by the U.S. authorities said the drug should carry a warning that those taking it could suffer from mania and aggression .
The drug and related brands have been blamed for 11 children 's deaths in the UK .
Editor ’s note :
For a newer , updated version of this post , check it out here .
Is you school , college or office blocking you from getting on social network sites like Friendster , Facebook , Myspace , Bebo , Hi5 , Orkut , etc ?
Here ’s few ways you can bypass the restrictions and surf like normal , but please check with your local authorities before using them .
We will not held any responsibility if you ’ve breach the regulations of any .
Full list after jump .
Using IP Instead of URL
This depends on the software / application used .
Sometimes blocked sites are stored as a list of URLs ( eg. www.yahoo.com, www.donwload.com,etc) and typing the IP instead of the URL might sometimes work .
In a local computer , doing a ping domain.com command in Command Prompt ( Mac users use Terminal ) will return you the IP address .
You can also do it online via www.whatsmyip.org
Redirection with Short URL service Sometimes the URL you intend to browse might be ban , but converting them to another a shorter URL with short URL services might just help you to bypass the settings .
Here ’s 2
Short URL service we ’ve previously mentioned – MooURL , SnipURL
Google Cache Search engines like Google and Yahoo cache webpages and these cached pages are stored in search engines themselves , which likely will be added to the blocked list .
Click on the ‘ cache ’ will bring you to a cache version of the page , as updated as how Google caches it .
Internet Archive – Wayback Machine Wayback Machine is a internet service that periodically keeps a copy of almost all websites in the Internet way from the date they ’re started .
Clicking on the latest copy of what Wayback Machine have should be somewhat similar to the real site .
Another way to access blocked sites via caches .
Anonymous Surfing
Some site allows you to take advantage of their proxy or domain to surf other sites as anonymous .
Here ’s 90 + proxy websites we ’ve previously mentioned .
More anonymous surfing services : 90 + Proxy Websites To Access Blocked Websites
Use Proxy in Browsers
There are tons of sites out there that distributes free proxies of almost any country .
Check out the following methods on how / where to insert proxies in your web browsers .
Proxy Surfing – Firefox Under Advanced tab , select Network tab , then click inside Connection Settings .
Select Manual proxy configuration , put proxy under HTTP proxy .
Proxy Surfing – Internet Explorer Go to Tools -> Internet Options .
Select Connections tab .
Click into LAN Settings , check Proxy Server .
Insert your proxy URL inside Address .
Bypass with Translations services Online translation services like AltaVista BabelFish , Google Translate allows you to translate a website from one language to another and display the translated results on their own page .
The trick here is to enter the URL ( website you ’re blocked ) , retranslate it even if you do n’t need to and let Google or AltaVista fetch you the content .
Subscribe to RSS Feed
This might not work for all sites , but if the site you intended to visit provides RSS feeds , you can subscribe and read it with a RSS reader , or have it regularly send the contents to your email
Retrieve web pages via Email
Web2 Mail is a free service that sends websites you want to read right into your inbox .
All you need to do is send an email to www@web2mail.com with the URL as subject title .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Oil rose on Monday , bolstered by the weaker dollar and supply disruptions ahead of the U.S. summer gasoline season .
An oil rig in a file photo .
Oil steadied above $ 110 a barrel on Friday as firm Chinese demand and OPEC 's stance on keeping its supplies unchanged lent support .
REUTERS / File
The U.S. greenback slipped on worries about the gloomy economic outlook for the world ’s top consumer , boosting oil and other dollar - denominated commodities purchased as a hedge against inflation .
U.S. crude oil futures gained $ 1.06 to trade at $ 111.20 a barrel by 1:22 p.m. EDT ( 1722 GMT ) , near the record high of $ 112.21 hit on Wednesday .
London Brent crude rose 70 cents to $ 109.45 , after reaching an all - time high of $ 109.98 last week .
A supply disruption in Nigeria as well as the temporary shutdown of the Capline pipeline , which carries crude from the U.S. Gulf Coast to the Midwest , also supported prices .
The U.S. branch of Royal Dutch Shell said operations along the line were restored after the Friday fire .
A fire caused by sabotage at the Eni's ENI .
MI Beniboye oil flow station in Nigeria caused the loss of 5,000 barrels per day ( bpd ) of oil .
“ There were some supply issues over the weekend with the Capline leak and the issue with Nigeria , ” said Mike Zarembski , senior commodities analyst for optionsXpress in Chicago .
“ Gasoline is soaring to new highs plus the dollar is still very weak . ”
U.S. gasoline futures hit fresh highs on Monday as the United States gears up for the summer driving season , when demand traditionally peaks .
The growing U.S. economic problems and high energy prices are hurting demand in the giant economy , and the government now forecasts summer use could drop for the first time in 17 years .
OPEC ’s head of petroleum market analysis on Saturday told the International Monetary Fund ’s steering committee that global demand appeared to be softening but added high prices were not driven by supply shortages .
“ Oil market fundamentals point to a market which is currently well supplied and the balance is expected to soften further due to lower seasonal demand in the coming months , ” Mohammad Alipour - Jeddi said in a statement .
WASHINGTON --( BUSINESS WIRE ) -- MR .
FISK : Good morning .
On Monday and Tuesday of next week , April 21st and 22nd , in New Orleans , the President will host President Felipe Calderón of Mexico and Prime Minister Stephen Harper of Canada for the North American Leaders ' Summit .
This will be the fourth time the leaders of the United States , Canada and Mexico have met specifically to discuss the common challenges North America faces , and ways we can advance our common interests .
This will also be an opportunity for leaders to review our cooperation under the Security and Prosperity Partnership , known as SPP , and to provide direction for activities under the SPP for the year ahead .
The summit further will allow the three leaders to discuss a number of other questions , from global issues to events in the Western Hemisphere , including -- we anticipate the situation with the free trade agreement with Colombia and also the free trade agreement with Panama .
Let me give you a little bit -- a sense of the schedule that the President will have .
Again , he arrives Monday morning , the 21st .
Upon arrival in New Orleans the President will be greeted by Governor Jindal and Mayor Nagin .
He then -- the President then proceeds to join President Calderón at the opening of the Mexican consulate in New Orleans .
This is an invitation extended by President Calderón to President Bush .
The two Presidents will make brief remarks at that event .
Following the consulate opening , the President and President Calderón will hold their formal bilateral meeting .
The President then meets with Prime Minister Harper for their bilateral meeting .
Monday evening the three leaders will have a working dinner .
There is no set agenda for this dinner .
Let me put it in another way :
The leaders will set the agenda for the discussion at the dinner .
And so you 're aware , prior to the dinner , or on the way to the dinner , the President will drop by a reception hosted by the U.S. Chamber of Commerce , including a number of businessmen and , again , local officials and representatives .
The President will make brief remarks at the reception .
So that 's Monday .
On Tuesday , the 22nd , the first substantive event of that day will be a meeting of the three leaders with representatives of the private sectors from the three countries .
This is something that started in 2006 at the Cancun meeting , when the private sector created something called the North American Competitiveness Council .
This is one means by which the private sector can offer recommendations and lessons learned to the three governments as we pursue initiatives -- North American initiatives .
Again , this meeting will follow the format that we 've had at both Cancun in 2006 , and the meeting last year in Canada , in Montebello .
After the meeting with the North American Competitiveness Council the three leaders meet with -- rejoin their official delegations for the meeting to focus on the North American agenda .
This is , I guess , what can be described more formally as the North American Summit meeting .
At this meeting the leaders will receive a report from ministers and cabinet secretaries on progress since the August 2007 summit in Canada , and then they will discuss and give direction on priorities for the year ahead .
After the morning 's meetings , the three leaders participate in a joint press availability .
And then the summit closes with a commemoration of Earth Day -- April 22nd being Earth Day -- and the three leaders will plant a tree in New Orleans Lafayette Square .
What are we seeking to achieve from this meeting in New Orleans and this being the fourth time that the leaders -- North American leaders have met ?
I guess let me put this in the overall terms , and they 're somewhat , I guess , at a macro level .
What we would like to achieve is we'd like to enhance and strengthen an already dynamic and strong relationship , to deepen the cooperation by building on the common interests of our citizens to be prosperous and secure .
We believe that at its foundations , the North American relationship works ; we believe it works well for all three countries , but we also believe we can make it work better .
Let me give you a little bit of a sense of the magnitude and vibrancy of our interaction .
This is what I called kind of " North America 101 . "
A lot of Americans focus on the fact that Mexico and Canada are geographic neighbors and do n't have a lot more context than that .
But , again , let me try to put this in some perspective .
Canada is our first largest trading partner in the world ; Mexico is our third largest partner .
In terms of three - way trade , as of last year , it was $ 930 billion -- that 's annually , again , in three - way trade .
That comes to about $ 2.5 billion in trade in goods and services on a daily basis .
We expect that number to reach the $ 1 trillion mark by the end of this year .
To put this in a different context , a global context , three - way trade between the North American nations is 30 percent of the total global trade of the United States .
Canada and Mexico are our largest sources of imported energy .
Canada , by the way , is our largest source of foreign oil ; again , something that most people do n't focus on .
There are roughly 1 million border crossings on a daily basis .
If you look at it on annualized terms , 65 million cars , 7 million trucks , 1.5 railroad cars cross the borders annually .
There are somewhere around 32,000 Canadians and Mexicans enrolled in U.S. universities .
Eleven thousand Americans are studying in Canada and Mexico .
And this is only a very small snapshot of the vast social , family , commercial and cultural ties that exist between us .
I give you this context because we recognize going into this meeting that many of the initiatives that are discussed , and what I 'm going to present to you here , when you look at them by themselves , they are not going to grab headlines .
You 're not going to rush out of this room and say that something on intellectual property has been achieved .
What the reality is , is that when you bring all these initiatives together in their totality , they have a significant and a potential significant impact on our economy , on us as consumers , and in our position in the world , and also in terms of our security .
So let me just run through quickly what the priorities are and where the leaders have been focused .
And this is in part what came out of Montebello last year and what we anticipate the leaders to discuss in terms of priorities in the year ahead .
The five priorities are , first , enhancing global competitiveness ; second , smart and secure borders ; third , sustainable energy and environment ; fourth is safe food and products ; and the fifth is emergency management and preparedness .
We turn again to enhancing global competitiveness , and I 'll make reference to two issues here .
One is regulatory cooperation .
In terms of key accomplishments , we have reached agreement with Mexico and Canada on a regulatory cooperation framework .
In effect , we 've agreed on common regulatory principles , how to move forward in our respective regulatory structures .
Again , very respectful that we have distinct legal systems .
We 've also been able , though , to move ahead on joint regulatory decisions on pesticide approvals so that you do n't have to have three approvals in three different countries .
Priority we expect the leaders to talk about in New Orleans is what more can we do , in terms of the regulatory structure that impacts the automobile sector .
And this gets to , frankly , a dollars and cents impact for the average consumer in terms of buying automobiles .
A second area in the competitiveness -- under the competitiveness category is intellectual property rights and how the three countries can enhance their protection regimes .
What we have achieved so far is better coordination in terms of enforcement on seizing fake products .
We also have a pilot program to work amongst the three of us on how we deal with pirated goods coming from outside North America .
In terms of what we look at -- are looking at for the year ahead , is what can be done in the arena of strengthened enforcement .
This is an issue that everyone agrees needs more work , and the general infra system is to move a more proactive coordination and cooperation .
The second priority is smart and secure borders .
Again , this gets to be an issue of real dollars and cents .
To give you an idea of the magnitude of this , the Detroit - Windsor crossing accounts for about one - fourth of all trade between the United States and Canada .
And if you compare that with , for instance , our global trade , there is more commerce along that one corridor than there are in terms of what we import from Japan -- so to give you again the magnitude of this , so things like ports of entry , the infrastructure .
To give you again another example , the Detroit - Windsor bridge was built in 1929 .
It was -- it 's four lanes and was built for traffic in the 1930s .
The traffic has increased threefold since then .
So again , I understand unless you 're writing for a Detroit newspaper or media , the Detroit - Windsor crossing is n't necessarily a big deal .
But if you 're a businessman , or frankly for all of us who are consumers , it has a potential impact because if we can't get those crossings to be more effective and efficient , we all pay .
In terms of priorities for the coming year , we 're looking at how we can better coordinate amongst the three countries our long - term infrastructure plans and network -- transportation networks coordination .
We do want to look at what more we can do at the Detroit - Windsor crossing .
We also want to see what we can do along one of the crossings -- the San Diego port of entry , along the Southwest border .
And then the other thing that we are focused on are what are known as trusted traveler programs , that is how you give people identification and you give cargo some kind of security screening so that it can move more quickly across the border .
A third area is energy and environment , and this one we have been able to harmonize energy efficiency standards for freezers , refrigerators and room air conditioners .
Again , I know that that 's not necessarily something that you would expect leaders of three countries to talk about , but if you have to have energy standards and build three separate refrigerators , and again you look at a market of 450 million people , that has potential consequences there .
We 've also talked about , in the past , about other energy efficient standards in other areas .
This time we expect the leaders to spend some time talking about carbon capture and storage to mitigate greenhouse gas emissions , and also to see what we can do to better coordinate electricity networks .
Again , a major source of electrical power for the United States actually comes from Canada and Mexico .
The fourth agenda item is safe food and products .
On this we 've spent a lot of time for the past eight months basically trying to determine how you get three governments with three different systems to have a baseline from which to have a conversation .
We 've made progress on that .
We have finalized a number of agreements to exchange information , and now we 're looking at how we enhance those and expand those , but also how do we deal with a situation in which we have a recall of a product in one country , and then how do the other two respond , and what 's a way to coordinate that .
Again , this gets both to an issue of the safety of products , but also in terms of facilitation of commerce .
And the fifth and final area is emergency management , and this is a very simple one .
This has been a constant one because the fact of the matter is , natural disasters do n't respect borders .
Sometimes if there 's accidents they do n't respect the borders .
And right now that -- we do n't necessarily have in place , as three governments , as three federal governments , the protocols that allow us to actually operate across the border .
There are certain restrictions and structures in which somehow even though you may have been hit by a storm , or there may be some kind of industrial accident , your interests as a country ends at the border .
And to a certain extent , that is very artificial , and that is also a case in which we think that is just good government , and in the benefit and the interests of all three countries .
So did not mean to inundate you all with details .
I did -- hopefully will warn you that some of these are , I would say , in the weeds .
But again part of the totality of the relationship goes to how do you continue to build on a trillion - dollar relationship in which you have literally millions of people moving on a daily basis .
So I 'm happy to take questions .
Q There are a lot of questions from the campaign trail of -- particularly from the Democrats -- about the fairness of NAFTA and what they would do to change NAFTA .
Are the leaders going to talk about -- try to defend the NAFTA agreement , offer to make any adjustments in it ?
How is that going to be discussed and presented ?
MR . FISK : Well , I wo n't try to speculate on exactly how it will be discussed .
We are anticipating that it will be discussed .
We are aware that some of the statements that have been made here have made actually bigger headlines in Canada and Mexico than they have here .
And we expect the leaders to talk about it .
We think NAFTA works .
We think the record of its past 14 years shows that it works .
When the three - way relationship started as of -- in 1994 , if you just look at the trade figures , there were roughly $ 290 billion in three - way trade .
I mean , again , we 're talking about a trillion - dollar -- coming up on a trillion - dollar trading relationship in the 14 years of NAFTA .
So , again , we want to find ways to , frankly , convince the American people from our perspective , first and foremost , that this is an arrangement that 's worked for us and it's also worked for our neighbors .
It 's been a win -win situation .
Q So the administration 's position is it does not need to be fixed ?
MR . FISK : There 's nothing broken .
Why fix a success ?
Q Just two questions related to border security .
Do you expect the Mexican trucking issue to come up ?
Because I know that it has n't been -- there 's a pilot program going on right now , but it 's not fully implemented , number one .
And number two , are there going to be any discussions about what Congress is doing to pass the Merida Initiative ?
MR . FISK :
The short answer on both of those is , yes .
I expect that -- we do anticipate that President Calderón will raise the Mexican trucking pilot program .
Again , I 'm not going to go into or wo n't speculate on how exactly , but it 's my understanding , from our interactions with the Mexicans , that they were pleased with that .
We are fulfilling one of our NAFTA obligations , and the President is fulfilling one of his commitments that he actually campaigned on , on that issue .
On Merida , we do expect that conversation to come up .
It is on our agenda , as well as , I understand it , on President Calderón 's agenda .
We think this is something that is , again , in the interest of both countries .
President Calderón has taken a number of courageous actions to deal with the drug violence and the drug cartels in Mexico .
They are under -- parts of Mexico , frankly , have been under siege from the drug - trafficking cartels .
We think he 's shown not only the political will but he 's put actions behind that .
For instance , we 've had record drug seizures , we 've had record seizures of cash involved in the drug trade .
We 've had 83 extraditions .
In fact , I think one of the best statistics on the Merida initiative and why we hope Congress passes it as we submitted -- and we hope they approve it quickly -- is the fact that , according to what I 've seen from drug enforcement agencies , that over the last 14 months , which tracks almost perfectly with the 15 months of President Calderón 's presidency , we have seen the availability of cocaine on American streets go down and the price of cocaine go up .
And we think that there is a correlation between what President Calderón is doing to fight drugs to make it more difficult for the cartels to get their product to the United States .
And we think there 's every reason why we should be supporting them .
And , again , we hope the President -- the U.S. Congress supports the initiative to do so .
Q One of the big stories of the Western Hemisphere now is the change that 's going on in Cuba .
I 'm wondering if there 's a formal setting in which the leaders can discuss this specifically .
If I can get your reaction to the latest news out of there -- on cell phones , on travel restrictions .
Apparently some moves put to liberalize both .
And do you guys have hopes to get Mexico and Canada on board with U.S. policy at all ?
MR . FISK : Literally take them in order here , we 're anticipating right now that the working dinner on Monday night -- like I said , there is no set agenda that we 're staffing .
But that is a logical place for the leaders to have a discussion about a number of issues , whether they 're hemispheric or global .
Again , I would anticipate that Cuba will come up .
President Calderón recently had his foreign minister in Cuba .
Prime Minister Harper has taken a more proactive interest in Latin America generally .
Of course , you all know the President 's views very well on Cuba and his commitment to hasten democratic change .
So , again , I think it 's going to be one of those kind of logical discussion points that will emerge in the course of the conversation .
As far as the changes in Cuba , I think that the polite way to put this is they 're cosmetic .
I will steal a line from Secretary Gutierrez , who I think puts this in perspective , that it is amazing that after 50 years of the Castro brothers in control , that what Cubans can look forward to is a rice cooker by the year 2010 .
That is the success of the Castro revolution .
So the fact of the matter is that if Cubans can have cell phones , one question , of course , is -- or one issue is , is how much will they pay for them , and how much will they have to pay for the service .
We 've already seen , in the case of hotels , for example , that what the regime did is end , at least on paper , the tourist apartheid that existed in Cuba , in which Cubans were denied access to their own hotel facilities .
But what the regime turned around and said , okay , we 're going to lift that restriction , but at the same time we 're going to require that hotels charge Cubans the highest nightly price they can to stay there .
So we would hope that the international community -- and I say that in the larger terms -- recognize that this is n't real change , this is n't fundamental change in the nature of the system .
And if you look at what the regime is doing in terms of the continued repression against dissidents and civil society activists , the iron fist is still very , very visible , especially to the average Cuban .
So , since you got me started on that , I 'll now get off the soapbox .
Your last question ?
Q Just whether there 's any chance of the harmonization of Cuban policy among the three North American partners ?
MR . FISK : Well , I think that , again , there is harmonization to the extent that all three countries agree on the best situation being for Cuba that there is a democratic evolution in which the Cuban people get to decide how they 're governed and who governs them .
And now , below that there are a lot of tactical disagreements , and I 'm not expecting that to change .
Yes , sir .
Q Dan , thank you very much .
Just two quick questions for you .
On the priorities , you 're talking about EMA -- emergency measures .
Does that include a discussion of allowing the armies -- in this case in Canada and the United States -- to operate in each other 's territories as part of that emergency response initiative ?
And also , as you know , the Canadians have complained long and loud about what they say is the thickening of the border between the two countries , primarily because of measures that you 've taken under homeland security and so on .
Are you going with any " gives " at all on trying to relieve some of that , especially when it comes to security ?
MR . FISK : On your question on armies , let me just , if I can , put this into a larger context .
When the Security and Prosperity Partnership was created by the three leaders in 2005 , there was a decision at that point that the military - to - military relationship would not be a formal part of the SPP .
The focus has been on law enforcement -- the focus , in terms on the security side -- law enforcement and homeland security - type security measures .
And that 's where the conversations remain within the SPP context .
That 's where we expect the conversation to remain in New Orleans .
That does not in any way sidestep the issue that our military , of course , has an engagement and interaction with the Mexican military .
We have a very strong relationship between the United States military and the Canadian military , most visibly represented through NORAD .
But in terms of emergency management , this is , first and foremost , about how do we get first responders to be at , or coordinate and cooperate when you get into an incident or an event that is going to occur in a border region , specifically .
It is not going to the issue of militaries and armies .
It 's very much focused on that point .
The second one , on the line about thickening the border , a phrase I 'm well aware of , we have consistently -- and I 'd say , more appropriately , the Department of Homeland Security has consistently tried to work with the Canadians , to be as transparent as possible with them , explain to them kind of the process , what we 're doing , how we 're going about it , trying to make sure that we meet all of our legal requirements , but we also facilitate trade and travel .
Those conversations will continue to some extent at a leaders level in New Orleans .
But it 's not necessarily a case in which the leaders -- we expect them to negotiate or announce anything .
In fact , if you look at it , one of the Canadian " asks " has been that the date be moved , which it now has by statute to no implementation -- no earlier than June 1 , 2009 .
So for us it 's a matter of how we are best positioned to implement so that when that day comes we can proceed , and in the course of that , how we can make sure that we 're synchronized with the Canadians to the maximum extent possible so that the free flow of legitimate goods and people can occur with minimal disruption .
So that 's where we 're focused .
Q In the President 's discussions with Calderón , will the issue of -- concerns about Hugo Chavez 's influence in the region , especially in light of the water crisis involving Venezuela , come into play ?
MR . FISK : I think it 's like the Cuba question to the extent we expect they will talk about the hemisphere .
Again , you have got Prime Minister Harper 's own interest in the region .
President Calderón tried to play a constructive role between Colombia and Ecuador during the -- in the aftermath of the killing of Raúl Reyes .
So there is -- again , there is a lot of interest in the hemisphere .
So I 'm also expecting Venezuela to come up , and you all know as well how the President feels about that topic .
So I do n't know that , again , would not say that there 's any expected announcements .
I do n't want to leave you all with any impression .
But I do -- I will leave you with our anticipation that at least at one of the exchanges between the three leaders , Venezuela , Cuba and other issues are very likely to arise .
Q Can I get just one more ?
Can you talk a little bit about the automobiles -- this is under the competitiveness thing -- automobiles and intellectual property ?
What exactly is at stake ?
What are you trying to do --
MR . FISK : Well , let me -- let me give the general -- as you all know , I 'm the foreign policy guy , not the regulatory guy , if I can put it that way .
I will be happy to refer you to the Department of Commerce , who has the most direct SPP role in that .
But what we 're trying to do in the whole regulatory area , what we 're trying to do is see if there are ways within our legal -- three distinct legal systems , of how we can better harmonize certain standards .
For instance , whether they 're fuel efficiency standards , or , another big issue we hear from the private sector is testing .
In other words , if you have a product , why do you have to test it three different times and three different ways ?
Why can't you just do it once and satisfy all three ?
So what we have asked , or what leaders have asked the regulators to do is say , within your existing parameters and authorities , where are there areas that we can minimize duplication ?
Where are there areas where , if one -- where all three countries can be satisfied with -- whether it's a test or how a part or a widget works , and that that should meet the standard .
And the reason we focused on automobiles is because the nature of that trade is so large -- most people do n't realize you might -- you may buy a car that says " Made in America , " but of which a significant number of its parts are actually made in Canada .
In fact , one data point I 've heard is the average movement of an automobile between a factory in Michigan and in Ontario is eight times to cross the border .
And this -- I can't vouch for this number -- one number I 've heard is that potentially adds upwards of $ 800 to a cost of an automobile .
Our goal is , why does it have to go through this burdensome process eight times ?
Why is it costing us more money ?
Is n't it better for everyone -- Canadians and Americans and Mexicans -- to try to minimize that to the extent we can .
That 's kind of the best that I can describe it to you , and I would , again , encourage you to talk to the Department of Commerce .
Q And on the IP stuff ?
MR . FISK : On the IP stuff , again , it 's -- where the conversation has gone is , what more can we do cooperatively on enforcement ?
That 's it , yes .
All right .
Thank you all .
Contacts
White House Press Office
1-202-456-2580
Cを愛して … 著者： Michael Feathers 日本語訳： yomoyomo
以下の文章は 、Michael Feathers による On Loving C.. の日本語訳である。
文中の固有名詞などについて理解の助けとなるよう
Wikipedia へのリンクを加えさせてもらった。
認めなければならないことがある。私は
C を愛している。しばらくはそれを意識していても、忘れがちだ。Ruby、Haskell、OCaml、C++、Java、そして
C# に心移りしたこともある――今も多くの言語に時間を割いているが、C
の元に戻ってくると、私は故郷に帰ったような気持ちになる。
私は何十年も前に Kernighan と Ritchie の本をパラパラとめくったときのことを覚えている。C にはとても欲求不満を感じた記憶もあるが、とても満足を与えてくれたことも覚えている。C にはヘンなところがあるが、振り返ってみると、それは多くの他の言語のヘンさに比べれば不可解なところはずっと少ない。深読みする必要がないのだ。構成要素の動作は定義されるか、さもなければ定義されない。未定義の動作にはとても大きな代償が生じるので、人々は慎重になる。そうならざるを得ないのだ。
友達の Kevlin Henney は、ソフトウェアにおけるアフォーダンスについてよく語る。アフォーダンスとは基本的に、モノに備わる知覚できる行為可能性の許容範囲のことだ。多くの場合人はこれを「ソフトウェアが許可すること」のことだと考えるが、私はここに
C を解説するより発展的な手法があると考えている。C は過敏なので、そのアフォーダンスに注意しなくてはならない。注意して
C のコードに取り組まないと、トラブルに巻き込まれる。C の概念的な単純さとその過敏さは強力な組み合わせなのだ。
C のもう一つ良いところは、私の見たところ回復性にある。これを何度も繰り返すのは好きではないが、自分の時間の大半をものすごく汚いコードベースに手をつけ、そのコードベースが抱える問題を乗り越えるのを助けるのに費やしており、私が頻繁にコードを見るすべての言語の中で、もっとも回復が難しいのは
C++ であると言えば少しは分かっていただけると思う。それにはいろいろ理由があって、私はここでそれに深入りするつもりはないが、実際のところ、質の落ちた
C++ のコードベースのある段階で C++ はあなたの敵になっている。私は思い出せない数の依存性の悪夢を見てきた――ビルド時は何をするにもキチガイみたいに時間がかかるシステム――それを直すのは、少なくとも病に至る道と同じくらい痛みを伴うものだ。一方で
C はより回復性があるように見える。さもなければ、単に私がこれまで幸運だっただけかもしれないが。
C++ の問題（またそれは C++ だけに言えることでは決してない）は、新しいフレームワークに飛び込むのではなく、既存のフレームワークの中でうまくやろうと尽力したことにある。より良いものに向って調整しようとしたが、多くの場合それは大失敗に終わる。それにも関わらず我々は努力を続けている。我々は
Java や
C# といった言語を、実際とは異なる言語に変えようとする――が、その言語に対する知識や敬意がなければ、失敗することになる。
皆が習得できるわけではないが、ベル研にいた人たちは間違いなく掴んでいたソフトウェア開発における何か深いものがある。それは「ニュージャージー・スタイル（New Jersey Style） 」 、「 悪いほうが良い （Worse is Better） 」、そし て 「 Unix 哲学 （Unix philosophy ） 」の底流である――またそれはベル研のソフトウェアの特徴というだけに留まらない。それはパケット衝突が当たり前のものと考える元々のイーサネットの仕様にも見出せる……し、同じ種類の理念はインターネットのプロトコルにもある。それが設計の副次的影響に関する深い認識であり――大きな混乱を避けるためにより小さな混乱と共存しようとする意志――想像ではなく現実にエレガンスさを見出そうとする意志である。
数週間前に私はある雑誌記事を読んだのだが、その著者はインターネットの設計者は健全なシステムの設計原理を体現するアプローチを偶然発見しただけだとほのめかしていた。すごく嫌な気持ちになった。その記事を部屋の反対側に投げ捨てたかった。そんなことはない、設計者の人たちは分かっていたんだ。彼らは深くシステムについて考えるスキルを持っていたし、それは苦労して獲得したものである。その種の設計は、問題をじっくり考え、その性質と折り合いをつける方法を理解しないと実現しない。C
はそうした性質と折り合いをつける言語なのだ。
私は Dennis Ritchie 、Douglas McIlroy 、Ken Thompson、または他の開拓者たちの誰にも会ったことはないが、彼らは人間にしろソフトウェアにしろその完璧性を信じてなかったのではないかと私は睨んでいる――彼らはその罠にはまらなかった。彼らは限界を理解しており、それと折り合いをつけた――彼らは手を広げ過ぎなかった。
C がそのスタイルを体現しているという事実こそが、C を私にとって特別な存在にしているものの一つである。それはもっと認められ、模倣されるに値するスタイルである。
Spring is upon us and Summer is fast approaching , which means it is time once again to plan your yearly weekend vacation .
If you 're looking for something a bit more educational this year here are 11 museums you should probably avoid .
# 10 The Celebrity Lingerie Hall of Fame
Hollywood , California
What could be better than celebrities and lingerie ?
This Frederick's of Hollywood collection includes everything from Art Garfunkel 's chiffon peignoir , to Zsa Zsa Gabor 's Pomeranian fur - trimmed corset , to Phil Donahue 's leather cock strap .
Okay , maybe not those three , but they do have a bra worn by Cybill Shepherd on Moonlighting and a pair of boxer shorts Tom Hanks wore in Forrest Gump .
It 's just like you 're looking through the underwear drawer of the costume department !
During the LA riots of 1992 the museum was looted .
Thank the gods above , Peggy Bundy 's bra was returned anonymously to a minister in Los Angeles and found its way back into the collection .
# 9 Fly Fishing Discovery Center
Livingston , Montana
When planning your museum outing this summer how can you not take into consideration the size of a museum 's collection of fly tying vices ?
The Fly Fishing Discovery Center of Livingston , Montana allows you to explore the history of fly fishing .
Take a trip down memory lane in the Tackle Room , where you can get a peek at rods , reels , and float tubes from decades past .
The Fly Room features thousands of tied flies from around the world to inspire breathless awe in you and your family .
Is that a Texas three - knot catisfly !?
Wow !
Want to get some hands - on fly fishing experience ?
The Fly Fishing Discover Center also offers classes to teach you and your kids the gentle art of fly fishing .
A river may not run through the museum , but you might just fly to the exits .
# 8 L. Ron Hubbard 's House at Camelback
Phoenix , Arizona
It 's that time of year once again , time for another Scientology pilgrimage .
L. Ron Hubbard 's House at Camelback is a great place to get in touch with a young Hubbard , just as he " developed the first exteriorization process and advanced fully into the realm of the human spirit " at the tender age of 41 .
Most of us get that sort of thing out of the way when we 're in college , but L. Ron was making up a whole religion wholesale .
How many of you cynical jerks can honestly say you started a church and that church has its own navy ?
The inside of this modest Bungalow is packed with history .
You know , the sort of history that looks suspiciously like hotel furniture from 1955 deliberately strewn with objects like Hubbard 's motorcycle helmet and gloves or his Dictaphone .
Do you feel that chill running up your spine ?
No , it 's not a Thetan !
This is the very room where the exteriorization process was advanced fully into the realm of the human spirit .
He has not revealed which photos have been altered , but French bloggers have claimed that an image of woman leaning head first out of the window of a moving carriage is almost certainly a montage of two different photos .
Robert Weitzel
Counterpunch
May 14 , 2008
“ To misunderstand the nature and threat of evil is to risk being blindsided by it . . .
An evil unchecked is the prelude to genocide . ”
Dr. Mordechai : The Ezekiel Option
There are over 70 million human beings living in Iran , 17.5 million of whom are under the age of fifteen .
Hillary Clinton vowed to attack Iran and “ totally obliterate ” the majority of the Persian race in a furnace of primordial fire should the Iranian government attack Israel with nuclear weapons , which they do not now possess or are likely to for some time — if ever .
Hillary ’s “ final solution ” to the Persian problem bests Adolf Hitler by a magnitude of ten .
Missing in Clinton ’s campaign trail pandering to America ’s pro-Israel lobbies and the mushrooming evangelical Christian Zionist movement is the “ inconvenient truth ” that Israel has the most modern and most deadly army in the Middle East thanks to an annual $ 3.5 billion in American aid — one third of the U.S. aid budget .
Israel is also a major nuclear power in the region — though it refuses to admit it — with up to 200 nuclear warheads and the inter- continental - range ballistic missiles to deliver them and , according to the U.S. Congress Office of Technology Assessment , also has an undeclared offensive chemical and biological warfare program .
Israel , along with India and Pakistan are the only three nations not to have signed the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty .
Iran is a signatory of the NNPT , by the way .
The most inconvenient truth , however , is that Israel has a 60 - year history of attacking — with American - supplied armaments — any Arab country it perceives as a threat , nuclear - armed or slingshot - armed alike .
Israel ’s bombing of Iraq ’s Osirak nuclear facility in 1981 comes to mind as an example of the former , its shelling of Gaza the latter .
Israel can and will “ preemptively defend ” itself against Iran , the country that a February 2008 International Atomic Energy Agency report concluded has not diverted nuclear material to non-peaceful purposes .
Unfortunately for the 70 million Persians in Hillary ’s bombsight , Iran ’s biggest liability is its president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad — but then the U.S. is equally burdened .
So the real truth behind Clinton ’s “ final solution ” to the Persian problem or John McCain ’s “ bomb , bomb , bomb , bomb , bomb , Iran ” off - key hyperbole is not simply a “ David and Goliath ” struggle for survival , but is instead a cynical exploitation of the unholy marriage of convenience between fanatical Jewish Zionists who want a Muslim - free Eretz Israel in order to fulfill Old Testament prophecy and bring about the first coming of their Messiah and fanatical Christian Zionists who want the entire Middle East in flames to fulfill New Testament prophecy and bring about the Second Coming of their Messiah .
Jewish Zionists need the money and the political clout of the Christian Zionists .
Christian Zionists need the Semitism and the chutzpah of the Jewish Zionists .
Politicians need the votes that both groups can deliver , which in religion - drenched America is a hefty consignment .
According to a 2006 Pew Research Center poll , fully 44 percent of Americans believe that “ God gave the land that is now Israel to the Jewish people ” and 36 percent believe the “ creation of the state of Israel is a step toward the Second Coming of Jesus . ”
Depending on which poll is the most accurate , there are between 105 - 135 million evangelical and born - again Christians in the United States .
Of these Christians , a 2004 International Fellowship of Christians and Jews poll found that 31 percent identified U.S. support for Israel as their “ primary consideration ” in selecting a presidential candidate , while 64 percent cited it as an “ important factor . ”
Predictably then , when Hillary Clinton or John McCain threaten to obliterate Iran , or any predominately Muslim country in the Middle East , with nuclear weapons , the primary audience for their saber rattling is not the Muslim “ evildoers ” but is , instead , the pro-Israel lobby and the Christian Zionist muscle in America who are willing to see the “ ultimate evil ” committed to further their ideological and eschatological agenda .
Nowhere does “ ultimate evil ” play a more prominent role than in the End Time machinations of two well - connected Christian Zionists , Tim LaHaye and John Hagee .
Tim LaHaye is best known as the coauthor of the blockbuster Left Behind series , which has sold over 60 million copies worldwide .
The pulp fiction series takes the Book of Revelation as its inspiration and chronicles the tribulations that will occur between the Rapture of born - again Christians and the Second Coming of Jesus .
The blood and viscera of millions of infidels and heretics — unrepentant Atheists , Jews , Muslims , and Catholics — are spattered on every page .
Tim LaHaye is least known as the founder and first president of the secretive Council for National Policy .
The CNP was formed in 1981 as an umbrella organization to advance an ultra-conservative , right wing Christian agenda .
LaHaye ’s particular agenda items include replacing U.S. secular law with Old Testament biblical law and a Middle East foreign policy that expedites the Second Coming .
According to the New York Times , the CNP consists of “ a few hundred of the most powerful conservatives in the country ” who meet “ behind closed doors at undisclosed locations …to strategize about how to turn the country to the right . ”
Though the membership of the CNP is a guarded secret , a list of those known to have been associated with it reads like a who ’s who of Christian Zionists and neocon ideologues whose passion is to see the Middle East in flames and in chains .
A short list includes : George W. Bush , Dick Cheney , Paul Wolfowitz , former Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld , Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas , former Attorney Generals John Ashcroft and Alberto Gonzales , former U.N. ambassador John Bolton , the late Jerry Falwell , Pat Robertson , James Dobson , Phyllis Schlafly , and Oliver North — the guy who sold weapons to Iran using Israel as the middleman .
Do not be blindsided .
The CNP is a major player in domestic and foreign policy decisions and the “ evil ” that results .
John Hagee , televangelist and pastor of the 19,000 - member Cornerstone Church in San Antonio , Texas , is the founder of Christian United for Israel .
Hagee formed CUFI in 2005 following the publication of his book , The Jerusalem Countdown : A Warning to the World , which sports a mushroom cloud on its cover and argues for a pre-emptive nuclear strike on Iran to fulfill God ’s plan for both Israel and the West .
Hagee ’s theology — and vision of the future — focuses on selected apocalyptic passages from the Old Testament .
He believes that a nuclear strike against Iran will cause Arab nations to unite under Russian leadership , as outlined in the Book of Ezekiel , leading to an “ inferno [ that ] will explode across the Middle East , plunging the world toward Armageddon . ”
Consequently , CUFI exists to set the fires of the Apocalypse and bring about the Rapture and the Second Coming , but it needs Jewish Zionists to strike the match .
Christians United for Israel is the evangelical equivalent of the American Israel Public Affairs Committee , the powerful pro-Israel lobby courted and placated by every American politician who has national aspirations .
John McCain , Hillary Clinton , and Barak Obama have each pledged their fealty to AIPAC .
John
Hagee is not without his own short list of beltway benefactors .
The list includes , but is not limited to : George W. Bush , House Minority Whip Roy Blunt , Senator Joe Lieberman — who called Hagee an " Ish Elokim , " a man of God — and John McCain who was “ very honored by Pastor John Hagee ’s endorsement [ for president ] . ”
When Christian Zionists with the stature of LaHaye and Hagee shill for fanatical Jewish Zionists who are promoting the ethic cleansing of Eretz Israel for biblical or nationalistic reasons or the pre-emptive “ defensive ” nuking of Iran , politicians with the stature of Hillary Clinton and John McCain , along with a hefty consignment of the electorate , are their willing dupes .
It ’s just the politics of religion as usual in America .
But Jewish Zionists need to understand that the difference between Christian Zionists and Muslim suicide bombers is scale , a nuclear warhead versus a backpack bomb , and a willingness to let others do the killing — and the dying — for them .
Jewish Zionists should also keep in mind that Christian Zionists have no intention of being around when the sands of the Middle East are turned to glass in a furnace of primordial fire .
They will have been Raptured and out of harm ’s way in Paradise .
Their Bible tells them so .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Clouds have typically posed a problem to scientists using satellites to observe the lowest part of the atmosphere , where humans live and breathe , because they block the satellite ’s ability to capture a clear , unobstructed view of Earth ’s surface .
It turns out , however , that these “ obstructions ” are worth a closer look , as clouds and their characteristics actually serve a valuable role in Earth ’s climate .
That closer look is now available by satellites comprising the Afternoon Constellation , or A - Train .
“ The A - Train is providing a new way to examine cloud types , ” said Mark Schoeberl , A - Train project scientist at NASA ’s Goddard Space Flight Center , Greenbelt , Md .
Using data from instruments in a constellation of NASA satellites , scientists have discovered that they can see deep inside of clouds .
The satellites are taking first - of - a - kind measurements , shedding new light on the link between clouds , pollution and rainfall .
Jonathan Jiang of NASA ’s Jet Propulsion Laboratory , Pasadena , Calif. , and colleagues used these A - Train sensors to find that South American clouds infused with airborne pollution – classified as “ polluted clouds ” – tend to produce less rain than their “ clean ” counterparts during the region ’s dry season .
Details of the findings will be presented today at the American Geophysical Union ’s 2008 Joint Assembly in Fort Lauderdale , Fla .
Discovery of the link between rain and pollution was possible due to near - simultaneous measurements from multiple satellites making up the string of satellites in the Afternoon Constellation , more commonly called the A - Train .
“ Typically , it is very hard to get a sense of how important the effect of pollution on clouds is , ” said Anne Douglass , deputy project scientist at Goddard for NASA ’s Aura satellite .
“ With the A - Train , we can see the clouds every day and we ’re getting confirmation on a global scale that we have an issue here . ”
Jiang ’s team used the Microwave Limb Sounder on the A - Train ’s Aura satellite to measure the level of carbon monoxide in clouds .
The presence of carbon monoxide implies the presence of smoke and other aerosols , which usually come from the same emission source , such a power plant or agricultural fire .
With the ability to distinguish between polluted and clean clouds , the team next used Aqua ’s Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer to study how ice particle sizes change when aerosol pollution is present in the clouds .
The team also used NASA ’s Tropical Rainfall Measuring Mission satellite to measure the amount of precipitation falling from the polluted and clean clouds .
All three measurements together show the relationship between pollution , clouds and precipitation .
The team found that polluted clouds suppressed rainfall during the June - to - October dry season in South America , which is also a period of increased agricultural burning .
During that period it was more difficult for the measurably smaller ice particles in aerosol polluted clouds to grow large enough to fall as rain .
This trend turned up seasonal and regional differences , however , and aerosol pollution was found , on average , to be less of a factor during the wet monsoon seasons in South America and in South Asia .
Other physical effects , such as large - scale dynamics and rainy conditions that clear the air of aerosol particles , might also be at play , the researchers suggest .
“ The complexity of interactions between aerosols and clouds pose difficult problems that no one satellite instrument can solve , ” said Jiang .
“ But when you put parameters from multiple satellites all together , you will find much more information than from a single instrument alone . ”
The five satellites – NASA ’s Aqua , Aura , CloudSat and CALIPSO and the French Space Agency ’s PARASOL – of the A - Train orbit only eight minutes apart and can be thought of as an extended satellite observatory , providing unprecedented information about clouds , aerosols and atmospheric composition .
After the suit was filed , the government changed its rationale for excluding Professor Ramadan , now saying that he had contributed about $ 1,300 to a charity in Switzerland from 1998 to 2002 .
That charity , later designated a terrorist organization by the Treasury Department , in turn made contributions to Hamas , which had already been designated one .
Professor Ramadan ’s second - hand contribution amounted to material support for terrorism , the government said .
Excluding Professor Ramadan “ in no way restricts speech , ” government lawyers wrote in a brief in the case in May .
He remains free to say what he likes , they continued , and Americans remain free to hear what he has to say .
Just not in person in the United States .
Judge Paul A. Crotty — a federal district judge in Manhattan who was New York City ’s chief lawyer under Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani — will hold a hearing in the case on Thursday .
In an earlier decision , he said the principles at stake were crucial ones .
“ The First Amendment includes not only a right to speak , but also a right to receive information and ideas , ” Judge Crotty wrote last year .
That includes a right , he continued , quoting a Supreme Court decision , “ to have an alien enter and to hear him explain and seek to defend his views . ”
Lawyers for the defendants in the television case , Javed Iqbal and Saleh Elahwal , say the case against them , similarly , is “ nothing less than a full frontal assault on the fundamental values inscribed in the First Amendment . ”
The men are charged with providing material support to Hezbollah , the radical Islamic Shiite group in Lebanon , by making its television station , Al Manar , available in the United States .
In a brief filed in July , the government said , in an echo of the Ramadan case , that the satellite case was only about business dealings and “ has nothing to do with speech , expression or advocacy , ” adding that “ the defendants remain free to speak out in favor of Hezbollah and its political objectives . ”
But they may not transmit Al Manar ’s message .
About the author
( NewsTarget )
For decades , battery storage technology has been a heavy weight on the back of scientific innovation .
From cell phones to electric vehicles , our technological capabilities always seem to be several steps ahead of our ability to power them .
Several promising new technologies are currently under development to help power the 21st century , but one small start - up looks especially well positioned to transform the way we think about energy storage .
Texas - based EEStor , Inc. is not exactly proposing a new battery , since no chemicals are used in its design .
The technology is based on the idea of a solid state ultracapacitor , but cannot be accurately described in these terms either .
Ultracapacitors have an advantage over electrochemical batteries ( i.e. lithium - ion technology ) in that they can absorb and release a charge virtually instantaneously while undergoing virtually no deterioration .
Batteries trump ultracapacitors in their ability to store much larger amounts of energy at a given time .
EEStor 's take on the ultracapacitor -- called the Electrical Energy Storage Unit , or EESU -- combines the best of both worlds .
The advance is based on a barium - titanate insulator claimed to increase the specific energy of the unit far beyond that achievable with today 's ultracapacitor technology .
It is claimed that this new advance allows for a specific energy of about 280 watts per kilogram -- more than double that of the most advanced lithium - ion technology and a whopping ten times that of lead - acid batteries .
This could translate into an electric vehicle capable of traveling up to 500 miles on a five minute charge , compared with current battery technology which offers an average 50 - 100 mile range on an overnight charge .
As if that were n't enough , the company claims they will be able to mass - produce the units at a fraction the cost of traditional batteries .
" It 's a paradigm shift , " said Ian Clifford of ZENN Motor Co. , an early investor and exclusive rights - holder for use of the technology in electric cars .
" The Achilles ' heel to the electric car industry has been energy storage .
By all rights , this would make internal combustion engines unnecessary .
" But this small electric car company is n't the only organization banking on the new technology .
Lockheed - Martin , the world 's largest defense contractor , has also signed on with EEStor for use of the technology in military applications .
Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers , a venture capital investment firm who counts Google and Amazon among their early - stage successes , has also invested heavily in the company .
While these associations have lent merit to the claims , skeptics abound .
Some have even invoked the term alchemy -- a word used in its derogatory sense to discredit ' pipe dream ' inventions .
" We 've been trying to make this type of thing for 20 years and no one has been able to do it .
Depending on who you believe , they 're at or beyond the limit of what is possible , " said Robert Hebner of the University of Texas Center for Electromechanics .
If it is true , though , then it will be tantamount to a whole new post - battery era in technology .
The company claims the technology can be scaled up or down for virtually any application , from pacemakers to use in the renewable energy sector ( think solar panels ) .
If it comes to fruition , the technology could revolutionize virtually every aspect of energy storage .
Further , because it is based on solid state architecture and is not dependent on chemicals , the technology would be extremely safe , environmentally friendly , and benefit from an unparalleled lifespan .
Zenn 's Ian Clifford has visited EEStor 's upcoming production facility in Cedar Park , Texas on several occasions .
" To be very clear , this is not a lab that they are building .
It is a full , state of the art production facility that is nearing completion , and we remain very pleased with their progress , " he boasts .
After several delays , EEStor plans to roll out the first production units later this year , and Zenn hopes to have cars featuring EESU technology on the road by Fall 2009 .
Adam Miller is a student of life who has dedicated literally thousands of hours of personal research on top of formal institutional training in Dietetics to learn the secrets of achieving vibrant health and extended lifespan .
His passion and dedication is in bringing the best ideas for self - empowerment through nutrition and nutraceuticals as well as alternative therapies , technology , and information to the public through various means .
Happy retirement paperwork filing day , mom !
My mom is turning in her paperwork today to retire later this summer .
I made her a checklist of all the things she needs to do before the big day .
I expanded the list here to include planning for those of you nearing retirement ( or wishing you were ! ) .
Many items can and should be done a year or two before you leave , some are in the months leading up to the big day and a few are the week of or just after retirement .
Create a cash cushion to cover short - term expenses , any emergencies and any gaps before retirement payouts begin .
Adjust your asset allocation .
Research and plan your 72 (t ) distributions if you are retiring early .
Plan for health care coverage .
Sign up for pre-retirement programs .
Many HR departments offer seminars or retirement planning programs to help you navigate the paperwork .
Obtain any financing that will require a salary .
( Refinance your mortgage , apply for a HELOC for emergencies , apply for a cash rewards credit card , etc. )
Research what day you need to be employed to receive your last bonus , 401 k match , and other accrued benefits .
Use any time off that you will lose .
Plan for any time off that you can use to extend your retirement date or receive a payout for .
Find out if your pension will pay higher for a certain day of the month .
For example do n’t retire on the 14 of the month if you will get a higher payment just by staying until the 15 .
Keep track of your spending and simplify your finances .
Identify and plan for any expenses that will no longer be paid for by your job .
( Ex. a company car . )
Calculate additional expenses : travel , leisure , sports , etc .
Pick a date .
Consider many of the other tasks listed here to determine your date .
Pay off any small outstanding loans .
Make a list of EVERYTHING you want to do when you are retired .
This will help those of you who are worried about not having enough to do or getting bored .
Cancel your life insurance if you no longer need it .
Find out how much notice your company likes .
Give your notice .
Request any pension estimates from your plan provider .
Spend the money in your flexible spending account .
Learn about the payment plan options you will be given .
( Lump sump , annuity , etc. )
Use the FIREcalc or other retirement calculators to make sure your money will last .
Change your insurance coverage for your car .
A pleasure rate may be cheaper than a working rate .
Plan your party if you want one .
Record email addresses and contact information in your address book .
Record bookmarks , anniversaries , birthdays and events stored in your calendar .
Change your contact information .
( For example your email address for banks and subscriptions . )
Print information that is only accessible online : copies of paychecks or other information for taxes .
Set goals for yourself .
Retirement opens up new possibilities to give you time to achieve !
Consider a trial period .
Take a multi - week vacation and pretend you are retired to get yourself adjusted .
Evaluate your needs .
Are you someone that likes structure ?
Do you like to be organized or go day by day ?
Create some routines that are enjoyable and reflect your personal needs .
Consider the emotional aspects .
If your identity has always involved work , you may need to plan for the emotional impact of retirement .
Talk openly with your spouse .
Discuss impacts and expectations of your new routine and whether or not you will both retire at the same time .
Utilize help offered by your employee assistance program for preparation .
Plan for your 401k .
Is a rollover to an IRA in the picture ?
Use benefits that will expire .
For example , make a final vision appointment and buy new glasses or get major dental work done .
Stop investment contributions .
I assume you will be making withdrawals shortly .
Reevaluate your new tax situation .
Practice living on your new budgeted amount now .
Make your moving plans .
If you will be relocating , think about the planning for selling your house and moving and when you want it to happen .
Convert group insurance .
If your company offers conversion programs for life insurance and disability insurance , convert what you need to an individual policy .
Determine when you are eligible for Social Security benefits and apply .
Photography : Lonely Hammock by * Micky
The car does more than get you between home and work .
It represents freedom , sex , power , fun , status , and if need be a way to fly away from your troubles , at least temporarily .
What then , does the following graphic ( updated through April ) from the U.S. Department of Transportation portend for “ the runaway American dream ? ”
Has the U.S. passed Peak Travel ?
In the day we sweat it out in the streets of a runaway American dream
At night we ride through mansions of glory in suicide machines Sprung from cages out on Highway 9 Chrome wheeled , fuel injected And steppin ’ out over the line Baby this town rips the bones from your back
It ’s a death trap , it ’s a suicide rap
We gotta get out while we ’re young ‘ Cause tramps like us , baby we were born to run
As a fan of Bruce Springsteen , I am keenly aware of the American fetish with the automobile , and travel in general .
Check out these opening lines from the 1975 Springsteen classic “ Born to Run . ”
This is a guest post by Jason Bradford who has written here previously on " Relocalization : A Strategic Response to Peak Oil and Climate Change " and " Does Less Energy Mean More Farmers ? " .
Jason has a PhD in Biology , is the founder of Willits Economic Localization ( WELL ) and runs a CSA in Willits , CA .
Here ’s the press release associated with the graphic :
Source : http://www.dot.gov/affairs/dot8408.htm
DOT 84-08
Wednesday , June 18 , 2008
Contact : Doug Hecox
Tel. : ( 202 ) 366-0660
Americans Drove 1.4 Billion Fewer Highway Miles in April of 2008 than in April 2007 While Fuel Prices and Transit Ridership Are Both on the Rise
Sixth Month of Declining Vehicle Miles Traveled Signals Need to Find New Revenue Sources for Highway and Transit Programs , Transportation Secretary Mary E. Peters Says
WASHINGTON – At a time of record - high gas prices and a corresponding surge in transit ridership , Americans are driving less for the sixth month in a row , highlighting the need to find a more sustainable and effective way to fund highway construction and maintenance , said U.S. Transportation Secretary Mary E. Peters .
The Secretary said that Americans drove 1.4 billion fewer highway miles in April 2008 than at the same time a year earlier and 400 million miles less than in March of this year .
She added that vehicle miles traveled ( VMT ) on all public roads for April 2008 fell 1.8 percent as compared with April 2007 travel .
This marks a decline of nearly 20 billion miles traveled this year , and nearly 30 billion miles traveled since November .
“ We ’re burning less fuel as energy costs change driving patterns , steer people toward more fuel efficient vehicles and encourage more to use transit .
Which is exactly why we need a more effective funding source than the gas tax , ” Secretary Peters said .
The Secretary said as Americans drive less , the federal Highway Trust Fund receives less revenue from gasoline and diesel sales – 18.4 cents per gallon and 24.4 cents per gallon , respectively .
The Secretary noted that data show midsize SUV sales were down last month 38 percent over May of last year ; car sales , which had accounted for less than half of the industry volume in 2007 , rose to 57 percent in May .
She said past trends have shown Americans will continue to drive despite high gas prices , but will drive more fuel efficient vehicles consuming less fuel .
“ History shows that we ’re going to continue to see congested roads while gas tax revenues decline even further , ” she said .
“ As positive as any move toward greater fuel efficiency is , we need to make sure we have the kind of sustainable funding measures in place to support needed highway and transit improvements well into the future , ” said Acting Federal Highway Administrator Jim Ray .
To review the FHWA ’s “ Traffic Volume Trends ” reports , including that of April 2008 , visit http://www.fhwa.dot.gov/ohim/tvtw/tvtpage.htm.
The great irony of this press release is that it calls for a way to continually expand funding of highways while people are finally using them less and public transportation more !
While I can’t read minds , it does seem that the Department of Transportation believes that this downward trend in driving miles is temporary .
They imagine that drivers will transition away from gas guzzlers and into fuel efficient vehicles , which will be sufficient to maintain future demand for high quality pavement .
What ’s at stake America ?
I think Bruce explains it well in the 1978 hit “ Racing in the Street ”
Some guys they just give up living
And start dying little by little , piece by piece ,
Some guys come home from work and wash up ,
And go racin ’ in the street
Might we have to do that racing in something other than a V8 ?
Or will the big engine be a symbol of rebellion in the face of high prices .
After all , when Springsteen coined his lines the economy was struggling from high oil prices .
Why would we expect it to be any different this time … right ?
According to Helen Congress only impeaches Democrats !
Part 3 of James Zogby ’s interview with Helen Thomas on Valentine ’s Day of this year .
Starts Zogby ’s segment for caller Q/A. Questions include :
1 ) Her thoughts on Ron Paul as a candidate
2 ) Most egregious act she witnessed that happened during her tenure in White House press staff .
3 ) Her thoughts on comparing Barack Obama to Bobby Kennedy
4 ) Her thoughts on Congress ’s guts to impeach Bush and Cheney
5 ) Candidates commenting on gouging by doctors and lawyers .
6 ) Feelings on effectiveness of Republicans vs. ineptness of Democrats .
Also talks a bit about her frustrations with the Bush administration with pics .
By Anna Adams
BBC News
Imagine a website where criminals buy and sell other people 's credit card numbers .
A few clicks in Google and that site is a reality .
Anyone can join .
Anyone can attempt to use the card numbers posted there .
And the authorities appear powerless to act .
A BBC investigation has uncovered growing levels of credit card crime committed on the internet .
Typically hackers get into the databases of online retailers , stealing the card numbers held on their servers .
The card details are then offered for sale to the highest bidder - either on web forums or via Internet Relay Chat .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Adele Darling was one victim of this crime .
Just before Christmas , she bought an electric keyboard for her son .
The first she knew that something was wrong was when strange transactions began appearing on her statement .
The shop where she had bought the keyboard had been hacked , and her details had been sold to fraudsters .
BBC News found Mrs Darling 's details on a web forum run by hackers .
She was horrified to find her name , address , phone number , email address and credit card number up for sale .
Mrs Darling 's card has now been stopped by her bank .
But she is still worried that her identity was so blatantly available to criminals .
The website concerned is hosted in Pakistan , its members are anonymous and no - one seems able to close it down .
Out of control Typically the card numbers being offered for sale will be used by fraudsters to purchase small , high value electrical goods , things like MP3 players , games consoles and mobile phones , anything which can be easily sold on online or at a car boot sale .
The BBC found fraudsters were ordering thousands of pounds worth of goods using hacked credit cards .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Andrew Goodwill is a fraud expert with software company The 3rd Man .
He says this kind of crime is out of control .
Many experts say the UK falls well behind the US and Europe in policing the internet .
Last year , the House of Lords Science and Technology Committee said that the internet had become a " playground for criminals " .
IMRG , the body which represents online retailers agrees , and is calling for action .
According to the retailers , most police forces simply are not interested in dealing with this kind of crime .
The one exception is the Dedicated Cheque and Plastic Crime Unit ( DCPCU ) , a small police team set up and funded by the banking industry .
Officers from the DCPCU admit that internet fraud is on the rise but say they are doing their best to tackle it .
But critics say not enough is being done and are calling on the government to fund a dedicated e-crime unit .
Meanwhile , online retailers are being told they need to be aware of the threat from hackers .
And consumers are being advised to take steps to protect themselves such as always checking their bank and credit card statements and only shopping on secure sites .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
NEW DELHI ( Reuters ) - Senior envoys of the Dalai Lama are traveling to China to meet the government over the crisis in Tibet , the government - in - exile said on Friday , only three months before the Beijing Olympics open .
Tibetan spiritual leader Dalai Lama speaks during a news conference for Tibetan Lamas and religious leaders in the northern town of Dharamsala , May 2 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Stringer
After a crackdown on protests against Chinese rule in Tibet , an international diplomatic chorus earlier this year urged dialogue with the Dalai Lama .
Beijing abruptly announced in late April that it intended to meet his aides .
“ During this brief visit , the envoys will take up the urgent issue of the current crisis in the Tibetan areas , ” the government - in - exile said in a statement on its website .
Shen Kaiyun , the deputy director of the official government information department in Tibet , said he supported the Chinese government ’s move to talk to representatives of the Dalai Lama , but expected the spiritual leader to back his non-separatist words with deeds .
“ As early as 1978 , Deng Xiaoping said it was not too late to let bygones be bygones , so our policy is consistent , ” Shen told Reuters in an interview in Tibet .
“ But we have pre-condition -- that is being patriotic .
I hope the 14th Dalai Lama will back up his words with deeds . ”
Tibet has become a flashpoint for anti-China protests that have disrupted the Olympic torch relay around the world and has led to calls for state leaders to boycott the Beijing Games , which open on August 8 .
The talks will be the first since violent protests broke out in Tibet in March .
It was not clear where they would take place .
Some experts say the meeting will achieve nothing .
There have been six rounds of dialogue between China and the Dalai Lama ’s envoys since 2002 with no breakthrough .
“ China ’s main objective is the successful completion of the Olympics , ” said Brahma Chellaney of the Centre for Policy Research in New Delhi .
“ These talks are just a public relations exercise . ”
EXPERIENCED ENVOYS
The two envoys are due to arrive in China on Saturday for what the Tibetan side called “ informal talks . ”
The envoys , Lodi Gyaltsen Gyari and Kelsang Gyaltsen , are both senior and experienced representatives of the Dalai Lama , experts say .
“ We are hopeful that the Chinese are willing to address the Tibet issue realistically , ” Tenzin Taklha , a spokesman of the Dalai Lama , told Reuters from India , where the self - proclaimed Tibetan government - in - exile is based .
Despite the offer of talks , China has accused Tibet ’s exiled spiritual leader , who fled Tibet after a failed 1959 uprising against Communist rule , of manipulating opinion and governments in the West .
China has blamed the exiled Buddhist leader ’s “ clique ” for unrest in Lhasa and other Tibetan areas , which it says was aimed at upstaging the Olympic Games .
The Dalai Lama says he is campaigning for autonomy for the strategic Himalayan border region .
But China , which says it sent troops in 1950 to Tibet to liberate the country from feudal serfdom , says he is bent on independence .
Some analysts said they may be a chance for some progress with the talks .
“ Both sides know there is nowhere to go apart from talks , ” said Prof. Mira Sinha Bhattacharjea , emeritus fellow of the Institute of Chinese Studies in New Delhi .
“ And with the Olympic Games coming , China will be a little more anxious for them ( the talks ) to help . ”
The Olympic torch was run through Hong Kong on Friday , in a festive return to China after protests in other cities across the world .
But tensions flared again as patriotic crowds heckled protesters and police briefly detained eight demonstrators .
WASHINGTON --
A congressional probe found that 27,000 doctors , hospitals , nursing homes and hospices paid by Medicare failed to pay more than $ 2 billion in federal taxes in 2006 , and Medicare officials now say they are taking steps to stop the abuse .
The Government Accountability Office , Congress 's investigative arm , reported that the total included $ 896 million in payroll taxes and $ 581 million in individual income taxes .
Medicare , the federal insurance program for the elderly and disabled , is also the nation 's largest health - insurance program .
The GAO said its own numbers are " substantially understated " because it did n't include all Medicare providers , among them those that did n't file tax returns .
The report , ordered by the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee 's investigations panel , is the result of the third tax - fraud probe involving health - care providers .
Last year , the GAO found 21,000 of Medicare 's doctors and outpatient services owed $ 1 billion in taxes through September 2005 , and 30,000 providers of Medicaid services , the state - federal health - care program for the poor , owed more than $ 1 billion through September 2006 .
Lawmakers have been pressing the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services to adopt the Federal Payment Levy Program that would allow the Internal Revenue Service to withhold government payments to contractors that owe taxes .
Putting pressure on CMS , Investigations - Panel Chairman Sen. Carl Levin ( D. , Mich . ) and Sen. Norm Coleman of Minnesota , the panel 's ranking Republican , introduced legislation last year that would require Medicare to use the payment levy program for doctors , hospitals and outpatient services that provide services for Medicare patients .
We 've all goofed up and flubbed up things we 've previously done time and again .
It turns out the root of these brain farts may be a special kind of abnormal brain activity that begins up to 30 seconds before a mistake even happens .
The solution to such screw - ups could be a kind of mind - reading hat , a device to predict and even prevent mindless errors that can threaten lives .
When people blunder after performing the same task over and over , scientists had suspected that such lapses were due to momentary hiccups in concentration .
Still , little was known about what the brain was actually doing before such errors .
To investigate further , the brains of volunteers were scanned as they performed a monotonous task — repetitively pushing buttons that matched images flashed at them .
Scientists astonished
Unexpectedly , before volunteers made errors , their brains started displaying abnormal behavior ... up to a half - minute beforehand .
" We thought initially that it would be quite remarkable if we were to find abnormal activity six or so seconds ahead , " said researcher Tom Eichele , a neuroscientist at the University of Bergen in Norway .
" That the entire process spans across a much longer timescale was quite astonishing and spooked us , such that we checked this finding over and over again . "
One set of brain regions that is normally active only when a person is awake and relaxed began firing up — in other words , it 's as if the brain started resting .
At the same time , another group of brain regions that is usually lively when a person is sustaining effort on a task began toning down .
After people made and detected any mistakes , the abnormal behavior went away .
The international team of researchers suspects this abnormal behavior is the result of the brain attempting to save effort on a task .
When the brain goes too far , errors occur .
" We did not find much evidence that the brain is just getting tired .
However , I do n't think that we understand it well enough to bet all our money yet , " Eichele said .
Fix it
If portable devices could detect this abnormal brain activity before an accident happened , they could save lives — say , by sounding an alert before a slip is made while driving a car or operating a piece of machinery in a factory .
The problem is the researchers scanned the brains of volunteers using functional MRI .
This conventionally has patients lying down in a large tube while slowly getting probed with powerful magnetic fields and radio wave pulses — not exactly ideal helping people in everyday situations .
However , if such abnormal brain activity can get detected simply using electrodes on the scalp , then brain - scanning caps under development for video games and other applications might work , Eichele said .
" It , at least , does not seem technically impossible , " he told LiveScience .
Even if a mind - reading hat can detect this abnormal brain activity , there may be too many brain waves to decipher out any early warning signals , Eichele cautioned .
" It might give out warnings all the time , which would be helpful , or not give you any warning , which is also not helpful , " he said .
" We have to figure out how sensitive and how specific we can go . "
Eichele and his colleagues soon hope to see if electrodes on the scalp can detect these signals .
" We might also take experiments into virtual reality — virtual car driving , virtual piloting — to look for these signals , " he said .
The scientists detailed their findings online April 21 in the journal Proceedings of the Natural Academy of Sciences .
NEW YORK – Where will Battlestar Galactica fans get their heavy dose of sci - fi after the show ends ?
In Caprica , if Mark Stern has his way .
The BSG prequel ( the pilot 's in the works ) will follow Galactica 's successful template , tackling weighty issues through science fiction 's speculative lens , according to Stern , executive vice president of original programming for Sci Fi Channel .
Stern ( pictured , right ) was the odd man out Saturday at the * Galactica * panel at New York Comic Con – as if anyone could compete with the other panelists : actors Michael Hogan ( who plays Col. Saul Tigh ) , Rekha Sharma ( Tory Foster ) and Michael Trucco ( Sam Anders ) .
After the panel discussion , Wired.com spoke to Stern about the science of Battlestar Galactica and the freedom science fiction offers creative types .
Stern also dropped some compelling hints about the future of the Galactica franchise and the pilot for another upcoming Sci Fi show , Revolution .
Wired : Battlestar Galactica has been called " science fiction without the science . "
Do you agree ?
Stern : Really ?
I think the show is science .
It 's more science than fiction , actually .
It 's not about transporters and laser beams .
The emphasis is so much on being in our world ; not having aliens , shooting real bullets , things like that .
The science of Battlestar Galactica is our science .
Probably the only thing we take liberties with is jumping .
Wired : The FTL ?
Stern : Exactly , and that 's just because you have to !
[ Laughs ]
If you do n't , you 'll be sitting there a very long time until you get somewhere .
But that 's the only license I can think of that they really take .
Everything else you can see actually being in our world .
Wired :
So it 's fiction , with science .
Stern : Science fiction is a mass genre .
It 's not just geeks .
The challenge is how do you get past that barrier to entry .
" Battlestar Galactica on the Sci Fi Channel " – you can't get worse than that at shunning people away .
[ Laughs ]
But if you can get them past that threshold , you 've got 'em .
And overcoming that 's been a big push for us .
Wired :
What are you allowed to do on a science - fiction platform that you could n't get away with if the story were set here on Earth ?
__Stern : __Well , we have Cylons !
But the great thing about the genre is that it allows you to talk about issues that would be too polarizing if you really were talking about , say , the occupation of Iraq and the torture of prisoners at Guantanamo .
First of all , I do n't want to watch * that * show , cause I 'm watching it on the news every day , and it 's too close to us .
It does n't allow you to speak allegorically and explore things that resonate with you the way * Galactica * does .
So the fact that you 're dealing with a speculative fantastical premise about robots that look like us that attack and destroy , that allows you into other great themes because in the back of your mind you can say , " Yes , but that 's not us .
That 's them . "
Wired :
What about the future of Galactica ?
Stern :
The show is its own entity .
That 's why I respect [ BSG executive producers ] Ron [ Moore ] and David [ Eick ] 's decision to end it , because there 's nothing worse than to suck it dry and have it limp along after you 've done the best of the best .
But it has given us the courage to say , " OK , but let 's find another show that does take on the more serious issues of science fiction " and does do all the things we just talked about , but in its own way .
And what 's interesting about * Caprica * is that it does that .
We have high hopes for Caprica .
We 're doing the a pilot right now called Revolution , ? which is an allegory for the American Revolution , that has its own opportunities for character and depth and discussion .
It 's about finding things that are worthy successors , not just rip - offs .
? Correction : Revolution is a separate allegorical show about the American Revolution that is currently in the works at Sci Fi. Caprica is about the creation and revolt of the Cylons .
Wired.com regrets the error .
Photos : Patrick Di Justo/ Wired.com
See also :
It ’s a funny thing , being diagnosed with a mental disease .
As I ’ve mentioned in prior posts , instead of a scientific tests , most mental illness diagnoses are made after you ’ve talked to someone , answered specific questions , even completed a questionnaire .
I know that someday diagnosing conditions such as depression or bipolar disorder will be more exact , more like the process used to diagnose heart conditions .
But for now , we make do with what we have .
The question that always comes to my mind is :
How certain is it that I have this or that ?
Let me illustrate this with a pretty “ funny ” situation that happened a few years ago .
I visited a mental health facility for the first time and was seen by someone we ’ll call Wanda .
She was not a doctor ; she was working towards some certificate or degree and was being “ mentored ” by a psychiatrist at the facility .
Well , after talking to me she gave me a brand new diagnosis , one that had never even been suggested to me before .
It was a type of low - level bipolar disorder and she prescribed medicine to treat it .
Turns out I did n’t feel comfortable with this diagnosis and did n’t continue with her suggested treatment plan .
I became friends with two people who worked at my company and had been seen by Wanda within the same time frame .
( Since we all lived in the same part of town and had the same insurance company , this was n’t too odd . )
What was odd about it was that after talking we realized that all three of us had been given the exact same diagnosis .
And , stranger yet , none of us believed in the diagnosis so we all three stayed away from the medication and promptly either found someone else to see or found other ways of coping with the anxiety / depression / mood swings .
So , when I encountered Michael Day ’s BMJ article , Drug industry is partly to blame for over diagnosis of bipolar disorder , researchers claim , I had to read it .
According to researchers from Brown University , many drug companies that make medications that treat bipolar disorder are heavily marketing to doctors .
According to lead researcher , Mark Zimmerman :
You cannot go to a meeting on bipolar disorder that does n’t have a big discussion right at the start about how under diagnosed this illness is and how doctors need to ensure that patients are treated .
Therefore , many people , especially young people , are being diagnosed as being bipolar when they are in fact , not .
He notes that along with marketing to doctors , advertising directly to the patients ( through TV commercials and such ) is probably associated with this problem as well .
Zimmerman is concerned because bipolar treatment side effects can be serious .
On the other hand , Ken Johnson , from Pharmaceutical Research and Manufactures of America , is worried more about under diagnosing the disorder than over diagnosing it .
In the end I believe this raises the tired question of how interconnected drug companies and doctors should be .
I do n’t have the answer but from an outsider ’s point of view it seems like a very convoluted conflict of interest .
And at the end of the day , after all , the decision needs to be based on what ’s good for the patient .
Because it ’s really not funny to get a wrong diagnosis .
Reference
Day , M. ( 2008 ) .
Drug industry is partly to blame for overdiagnosis of bipolar disorder , researchers claim .
BMJ , 336( 7653 ) , 1092 - 1093 .
DOI : 10.1136/bmj.39577.442650.DB
Mark Matthews is a Merrill Lynch strategist based in Hong Kong .
Here is his analysis of the widespread reports about food riots in Asia .
The following is excerpted from “ Guanxi ” ( 23 May 2008 ) .
Food scares are exaggerated , but good copy for media
We noted on our European trip a high degree of concern over rising food prices and their impact in Asia .
This concern is understandable , given media attention .
The IMF warns of famine .
UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon said food shortages have reached emergency proportions .
The World Food Program has issued an emergency appeal for funding in food aid .
Many high - profile newspapers have dedicated front - page articles to the subject .
Time magazine wrote about “ The World ’s Growing Food - Price Crisis “ .
A CNN article was headed “ Riots , instability spread as food prices skyrocket “ .
Wordage is deep and densely packed .
In one article from a respectable newspaper recently , tensions , violence , eruptions , insecurity , desperate , and afraid all managed to be squeezed into nine paragraphs .
Food - related riots have been reported in Pakistan , India , the Philippines , Indonesia and Vietnam .
But when we called our offices and associates in each of those countries , each one told us there had been no riots .
Photographs of machine gun-toting guards protecting rice supplies in the Philippines , for example , or crowds of jostling women at rice distribution centers in Indonesia , paint a thousand words .
But visitors to the Philippines know that guns are a fairly common sight there .
Contrary to press reports , there have been no riots in the Philippines .
The Bangladesh Rifles were deployed to markets in that country .
Not because there were riots , but instead to ensure an orderly disbursement of food , so that middlemen could not hoard it in order to push the price up .
And in Indonesia for example , Mr. Kevin O’Rourke , Jakarta - based author of the Reformasi Weekly political analysis newsletter , told us :
Tempe and tofu producers ( who use imported soybeans ) did indeed conduct a demonstration in front of the presidential palace , just after soybean prices had doubled , but I doubt that their numbers reached 10,000 .
From the pictures in the press it looked more like 1,000 .
I have not heard of food riots per se , or even of significant demonstrations .
At least two major daily newspapers have indeed featured front - page pictures of distressed women clamoring for food – but these were pictures of women queuing and bustling for hand - outs of steeply subsidized food items that the government provides to the poor , such rice , soybeans and cooking oil .
Like everything in Indonesia , the distribution is poorly organized , so whoever pushes closest to the back of the truck has the best chance of obtaining a valuable hand - out , and so the situation becomes unruly – but I would not call that a ‘ food riot ’ .
Such scenes have been fairly typical for a long time , especially for hand - outs of heavily subsidized kerosene for cooking fuel .
There has been some journalistic embellishment , which actually exacerbates the problem .
When people think prices are going up , they buy two bags of rice instead of one .
Then , shelves start looking sparse , so people think they need some extra supply in the cupboard .
Suddenly stores have empty shelves .
Stores begin a policy of one bag only .
This increases hoarding .
A family of five each buys one bag .
Soon there is talk rice can be sold on the black market for a profit .
That is where Asia got to in April .
But in fact , the price of rice is down in Indonesia year - to - date .
Those poor ladies in Jakarta were fighting not because the price has gone up , but because the distribution is bad .
There will be 432 m tons of rice grown globally this year compared to 427 m last year , according to the USDA .
When rice is adjusted for IMF world CPI , it is at the same price it was in 1992 , as shown in the chart on the left .
Was 1992 such a bad year for Asia ?
Did we hear of starvation and revolt ?
Those who bought five bags now see there was no reason to – there is plenty of rice in the stores , profiteering the black market was a myth , and people discover that if they keep rice for a long time , they get weevils .
So fears of a Malthusian catastrophe are overdone .
An op - ed by Robert Paarlberg the International Herald Tribune noted succinctly ( “ It ’s not the price that causes hunger “ , 23 April 2008 ) :
Most of the world ’s hungry peoples do not use international food markets , and most of those who use these markets are not hungry .
International food markets , like international markets for everything else , are used primarily by the prosperous and secure , not the poor and vulnerable .
In the world corn market , the biggest importer by far is Japan .
Next comes the European Union .
Next comes South Korea .
Citizens in these countries are not underfed .
Sadly , very poor countries in Asia , like Burma and North Korea , will feel the brunt of the rising price of staples .
But overall Asia is not as vulnerable to food prices as the press reports .
We would anticipate a correction in rice , to remove the hoarding that has been imbued in its price , as it becomes apparent there is no need to panic .
— — —— {end excerpt} — ——
Please share your comments by posting below .
Brief ( 250 words max ) !
Stay on topic !
Or email me at fabmaximus at hotmail dot com ( note the spam - protected spelling ) .
Previous posts about the food crisis
Plus : Archive of articles about the food crisis – includes excellent reports several from major international agencies .
Possible Prisoner Exchange Deal Imminent between Israel and Hezbollah
Israel and Hezbollah are once again close to a deal that would bring two kidnapped Israeli soldiers back home .
Details of the agreement , negotiated by a German middleman , indicate that the two might not still be alive .
America ’s Got Talent winner Terry Fator has signed a five year deal ( with an option of a further five years ) with the Mirage in Las Vegas .
Fator will perform five shows a week in the 1,265 - seat Terry Fator Theatre beginning in February 2009 .
Tickets will go on sale later this year .
If you have n’t seen Fator perform before , check out YouTube here : Ventriloquism is cool again .
South Korea 's new President Lee Myung - bak has done more for North Korean human rights in the past week than his predecessor did in his entire five - year term .
The question now is whether Mr. Lee can withstand the North 's intimidation tactics and stick to his guns .
On Thursday , South Korea cast a vote at the United Nations Human Rights Council to extend the mandate of the special rapporteur monitoring rights in North Korea .
Under former President Roh Moo-hyun , Seoul had abstained from almost all such votes for fear of angering ...
We see six possible approaches to dealing with proprietary codecs .
In this section , we 'll discuss the pros and cons of each and attempt to map a path to victory .
What Are The Alternatives ?
Do without .
Unload the problem on individual users .
Reverse - engineer all codecs for which deployment is legally possible ( e.g. not blocked by patents or the DMCA ) .
Press for delivery in open formats .
Get closed source binaries that are " free as in beer " .
Pay to license codecs , per-copy .
Do without .
We can choose to fail .
If we do n't support the media formats that contain the content users want to see , we lose the 64 - bit desktop .
It 's that simple .
Doing nothing guarantees that we lose , probably to MacOS X .
Every type of content that is unavailable on Linux hands another content - based killer app to a proprietary platform that does support it .
Just as we needed a binary - only Netscape in 1998 , we 're going to have to stomach some binary - only crap for now if we hope to be ready in time .
If we ignore this issue , the dominant 64 - bit platform will be owned by our enemies .
Unload the problem on individual users .
Another way of ignoring the problem is to distribute unlicensed copies of Windows codecs [ 35 ] for use with wrappers like Mplayer's .
There are sites outside U.S. jurisdiction that carry packages designed to snap - fit into major Linux distributions and support formats from MP3 to Quicktime .
Several multimedia projects ( xine , mplayer , and xmms ) are designed to accept separately - developed codec plugins , several of the most popular of which are of at best questionable legality in U.S. and many European jurisdictions .
The fundamental problem is that vendors shipping preinstalled Linux wo n't touch this stuff , for obvious reasons .
Even distribution - makers wo n't carry these files , or even publicly link to them for fear of contributory infringement lawsuits .
Offering them as an aftermarket upgrade is a mitigation strategy at best , and not a good one .
The installation procedures for these kind of codecs are n't even well - documented , let alone simple enough for nontechnical end-users , and technical support for them is nonexistent .
The gauntlet you have to run to get codec support in this way is so daunting that even the authors of this paper , both among the hardest core of Linux experts , have never been able to keep basic functionality like playing DVDs stable across normal system upgrades .
On top of that , after spending several years carefully distinguishing open - source software from pirated software ( despite Microsoft 's best efforts to conflate the two ) , depending on end users to laboriously upgrade their machines to receive basic multimedia functionality in a way that leaves them open to potential legal liability is not an appealing strategy .
Some people in our community maintain that this behavior is ethical and the laws against it unjust .
We 're not going to argue for or against that position here ; we 'll just point out that it 's not a practical solution within our deadline .
Instead , it 's simply a refusal to address the real problem of getting a preinstalled Linux that can handle these formats ( without manual upgrades or legal liability ) in time to matter .
Nontechnical end-users are not willing to jump through arcane technical hoops .
More than that : they expect ( and have every right to expect ) that a modern operating system will come pre-installed on their hardware and ready to use .
Anything that can't provide that is just an elaborate way of choosing defeat .
Reverse - engineer codecs
We 're good at reverse - engineering .
Once Windows versions of a given codec run under Wine , working out what it 's doing becomes fairly easy .
The problem is that we 've already done this for every codec of interest that is n't blocked by patents or the DMCA , and even some that are .
There is very little ground left to be gained here ; the unsupported formats that remain are gated not by technical issues but by patents , by the DMCA 's anti-circumvention provisions , or other lawsuits .
And iTunes is a paradigm example ; we actually have reverse - engineered open - source support for it , but we can't ship it without falling afoul of Apple 's legal department .
A few years ago Linux distributions widely shipped MP3 playback and encoding support , but legal threats have almost eliminated this capability from modern distributions .
Reverse engineered codecs that we can't ship without risk of lawsuit are no different than binary - only codecs harvested from Windows that we can't ship without lawsuit either .
If it does n't give system vendors something they can preinstall , it 's just not good enough to matter .
Press for delivery in open formats .
We 've been doing this , and we need to keep doing it .
But we can't let it become an excuse for ignoring the mountains of content in formats we do n't support .
The problem with pressing content providers to package in open formats is that we 're too small a demographic right now .
Providing technology is n't the problem : Ogg Vorbis and Ogg Theora are wonderful geek projects that have little or no traction in the real world , and Schrodinger is an initiative by one content provider that currently only applies to their own content .
Most content providers have no incentive to offer their content in Linux - friendly formats while we remain a tiny minority of desktop users .
We 're statistical noise .
Increasing the amount of content in open formats wo n't eliminate the existence of content in closed formats while we remain a minority platform .
At best it will be years before open formats host even a simple majority of available content , let alone everything anyone wants to see .
We can't expect major change until providers have reason to fear losing market share unless they ship in open formats .
And that wo n't happen without tens of millions of end - users demanding it .
Which takes us back to the original problem .
Interlude : On Coping With Reality .
The first four methods of dealing with the proprietary codec issue have two things in common .
We 're already doing them , and they have n't solved the problem .
It 's not that they do n't work , but that we have n't got enough time .
We need something to ship now , because after 2008 the opportunity to capture the desktop during the 64 - bit transition will have gone by , and a new incumbent will be in place .
There are a number of format support plugins that we technically have , in open source , but can't ship without fear of lawsuit .
Examples include DeCSS , reverse engineered iTunes support , MP3 encoding and playback , and FFmpeg .
Support for these is not a technical problem , therefore technical solutions do not address the real issues .
If hardware vendors preinstall Linux distributions with support for this stuff , selling hardware for - profit , they can expect to get sued .
The current legal environment makes these lawsuits inevitable , and we can't change the law while remaining a tiny minority .
The largest area suffering from this problem is video codec support .
The patented Sorensen codec in QuickTime is one problem , the patent pool around Windows Media Video is another .
So far we have exactly one solution that works today to provide support for video content in proprietary formats : space - shifting binary - only Windows codecs .
The Ubuntu Restricted Formats
Page is as close to nontechnical end user support as this approach can come : find a community - supported wiki page by word of mouth , read a legal disclaimer , enable an overseas repository , and install some packages from it at your own risk .
Unfortunately , this does nothing to help hardware vendors seeking to preinstall Linux .
Hardware vendors can't afford to give away their hardware , and when money changes hands lawsuits have something to go after .
Hardware vendors need clear legal title to both the hardware and the software they 're selling .
The really tough question is : how do we get hardare vendors something they can ship , right now , without having to wait for new legal precedents or changes in the law ?
Secure rights to " free as in beer " codecs , possibly with a one - time payment .
Some of the codecs we need today are not available under an open source license .
We cannot open up these formats ( or wean users off of them ) without first capturing the user base .
This is a classic chicken - and - egg problem .
The problem with space - shifting binary - only Windows codecs is n't that it does n't work , it 's that it 's not clearly legal .
If the community had the legal right to redistribute these codecs ( or equivalents ) , we would have something system vendors could preinstall , long enough to get us over the hump in 2008 .
( This solution is unpleasant , but no worse than binary - only firmware to support 802.11g wireless cards .
And after 2008 we can come up with something better . )
In the best - case scenario , some organization with billions of dollars and community ties could arrange for a CD full of " free - as - in - beer " binaries of every codec we need , which could be freely redistributed .
Perhaps this would involve a one - time payment for royalties , certification , the development cost of porting an existing binary to Linux , or perhaps just the lawyer time to negotiate and sign cease - fire agreements with the entities who object to DeCSS or MP3 playback , or even licenses to redistribute the existing Windows versions of video codecs for use on Linux via Wine or a wrapper .
This approach might work for codecs which are currently downloadable but not actually a part of Windows .
Examples of past success in this area are the Linux ports of the RealAudio and Flash plugins .
Again , the important part is a solution that allows Linux system vendors to preinstall support for these formats .
An agreement which allows a codec to be downloaded from a specific website , but which does not allow redistribution of that binary , may not be sufficient to allow system vendors to ship the codec preinstalled on their systems .
As unpleasant as this alternative is , it 's much more appealing than the final alternative we reluctantly come to .
It 's not hard to live in a New York State of Election Fraud when the candidate whom you are campaigning for is Ron Paul .
It 's not that hard for someone to start an ugly rumor , " Ron Paul has dropped out of the race " and get away with it on Primary Day in New York when you have the likes of the New York Times , New York Newsday , the New York Post , the Daily News and the Wall Street Journal ignoring your candidate as if he did not exist .
When you have little choice on mainstream news radio and WABC , home of the Conservative Demi-Gods , Sean Hannity , Rush Limbaugh , Mark Levin , Laura Ingram , et al , are ignoring your choice of Presidential candidate as if he were n't even running for President .
When you have your favorite cable news channels CNN , MSNBC , FOX News , ABC , CBS or C - Span skipping over your choice of candidate during debates , polls , and even when showing primary result facts by skipping over his face and percentage in favor of the next guy running behind him .
It 's not hard to believe when you have High School history teachers leaving his face off the list of Presidential candidates along with the delegates they have won thus far ( http://www.opednews.com/articles/opedne_gigi_bow_080130_is_ron_paul_running_.htm ) .
So no , it is not hard to get away with a rumor and a lie and it did not come as too much of a shock when I got a phone call from one of my meet - up members , Ron Paul delegate Gabe Razzano , that his 76 year old mother called him from her polling place at Giblyn School in Freeport , Long Island to let him know that she could not vote for her choice of candidate , Ron Paul , because she was told he had dropped out of the race .
A few weeks ago I looked at my election card that arrived in the mail telling me where to vote .
I got this card because I recently moved and had to reregister .
Right on the card it asks if I want to make $ 160 to work in a polling place on coming election days .
I guess you do n't have to have any formal training for this job or even have knowledge of whom is actually running for office ?
You just have to be a warm body ??
Well there were quite a few warm bodies with no knowledge of the candidates all over New York State who apparently were fed the same rumor " Ron Paul has dropped out of the Race " because this rumor spread far and wide !
When Gabe Razzano went to the polling place on Tuesday evening where his mother tried to vote for Ron Paul he was told the same thing , " Ron Paul has dropped out of the race "
He was actually shown the display card which by law must hang on the wall and where they had crossed out Ron Paul 's name along with Rudy Giuliani's .
Gabe did the only thing he could do , he called the police .
The Freeport Police arrived and asked what the problem was .
Gabe proceeded to tell them that his mother tried to vote for Ron Paul but was told she could not because he had dropped out of the race when in fact he had not .
The police officer , Sargent Essex , went out to his car , spoke to his superior and came back in to tell Gabe that there was apparently no problem as " Ron Paul had dropped out of the Race " .
* Note , when Gabe went to pick up the police report yesterday , the police officer left off the fact that he said that Ron Paul had dropped out of the race .
Gabe has 3 witnesses that the police officer said this .
( Image by Unknown Owner ) Details DMCA
Well , Ron Paul has NOT dropped out of the race for President of the United States of America .
And Freeport Long Island is not the only place where this rumor spread ....... when Steve Miller , a volunteer poll watcher for Ron Paul , called in a report that a woman was trying to vote for Ron Paul at her polling place , PS 180 in Brooklyn , when her machine malfunctioned .
She was given an emergency ballot and was informed by multiple poll workers that she could not vote for Ron Paul because he was not on the ballot .
( http://www.nydailynews.com/blogs/supertuesday/2008/02/ron-paul-backer-cries-foul-in.html)
Eventually she was able to vote when they realized they were wrong .
But what about the people who tried to vote earlier ?
Eddie in Monroe County , New York , was told by a poll monitor in his county that Ron Paul had been taken off the list .
He knew better as he is also a grass - roots volunteer for Ron Paul but he wonders at other 's who were easily convinced by these misinformed people ?
Tim M in Marlton , NJ -- our friendly next door state -- had a member of his meet - up come to the rescue by calling the appropriate agencies when a particular polling place in his town were telling the voters that they can't vote for Ron Paul because he had dropped out .
There are more stories .
I started a thread on a Ron Paul message board and stories keep coming in but there are already youtubes all over the country of this sort of thing happening in many of the Super - Tuesday states .
On closing .... my fifteen year daughter was helping at her high school on Tuesday night for Super Tuesday .
When she came home I told her about what was going on with the Ron Paul election fraud situation and her exact words were " Yeah , I heard today from lots of my friends that Ron Paul had dropped out " ........
Is this all a coinsidence ?
If you have a story , please come out and tell us .
If we all tell our stories maybe we can make a difference ..... otherwise , you know what 's coming next ...
" If Comrade Napoleon says it , it must be right . "
We recommend : Lakeville Clinic
9974 214th St. West , Lakeville , Minnesota 55044
Phone : ( 952 ) 469-0500 , Fax : ( 952 ) 469-0505
Beyond Raw Lit Reviews - What Is It ?
Author : Eric Lander | Last Updated Date : 02.03.2020
WARNING : DO NOT BUY Beyond Raw Lit Until You Read This Review !
Is it a Scam ?
Does It Really Work ?
Check Ingredients , Side Effects and More !
Beyond Raw
Lit is a special pre-workout dietary supplement that promises to help you achieve your fitness goals faster and more easily .
This product was designed to boost your athletic performance through enhancing your endurance levels and increasing your energy levels .
This is a formula that is claimed to have been backed by scientific evidence to offer you the necessary support to reach your fitness and wellness targets .
However , the official website of the manufacturer does not provide any evidence to supports this claim .
Let us take a look at the manufacturer information available online .
Beyond Raw Lit has been manufactured by Beyond Raw Company that is known to follow the required GMP regulation for your safety purposes .
This company is not very popular or reputable in the country .
Their official website is low - informative .
This pre-workout product is said to contain the high - quality ingredients to deliver the desired results with no negative side effects .
This product promises also to boost your mood and concentration for better results in your workouts .
It promises to promote the creation of lean muscle mass for improved body look as well as to increase your energy levels for better performance .
Are these claims about the supplement true ?
Does it work as advertised by the manufacturer ?
To answer these questions , it would be great to discuss the ingredients in Beyond Raw Lit .
Ingredients of Beyond Raw Lit - Does It Really Work ?
Is It a Scam ?
This product is said to utilize good ingredients to provide you with the desired results .
Not all of these ingredients are discussed on the official website of the product but we managed to do our own research and we found out a few interesting things .
Nitric
Oxide is actually a gas secreted by the endothelial cells in the user 's body .
It communicates with the smooth muscle cells , giving them the signal to relax .
This blood flow regulation is important for many body functions , including controlling blood pressure , maintaining erections , and more .
No supplements actually contain nitric oxide , but they contain the substrates that make your body produce more nitric oxide , such as L - arginine and L - citrulline .
Nitric
Oxide is helpful for the recovery of the muscles that have been injured during the workout to boost your mobility .
This compound may be associated with certain side effects that will be discussed later in this review .
L-Citrulline is a non-essential amino acid that can be changed into another chemical called nitric oxide .
The latter is important for your vessels and the immune system in general .
It also helps to increase your metabolism and to make your fats be converted into energy and utilized properly by the body .
This ingredient is lined to the number of health risks .
Creatine is a substance that helps to boost energy levels for the proper development of lean muscle mass for you to enjoy more pumps and do a more intense workout .
According to webmd.com , this ingredient is possibly effective for better athletic performance .
There is unclear information about creatine doses , and there are differences in measuring performance .
This compound may cause a number of adverse reactions .
Apple Extract Blend is an ingredient that helps to ensure that the blood circulation is good enough for your muscles for produce energy and perform well during workouts .
No dietary supplement is 100 % safe to use and Beyond Raw Lit is not an exception .
Let us take a look at possible health dangers associated with the use of this product .
Customer Reviews - Does It Have Any Side Effects ?
The Beyond Raw Lit site does not mention any possible side effects associated with the use of this supplement but this does not mean that it is safe to use .
This is a nitric oxide supplement , which means that it may have potential harmful effects on your body .
To avoid the issues you are recommended to try it at a low dosage first then increase the dosage if you feel well .
If you are prone to hypotension , you should avoid it at all ; otherwise , you may feel dizzy or lightheaded .
This supplement could also put your kidney function at risk .
In this case , it might cause a reduction in your physical performance .
To be on the safe side , do not overdose the supplement even if you feel well .
It is necessary to note that the product industry is known for its lack of regulation .
L-citrulline contained in the product should be avoided if you are taking ED drugs , Nitrates or Viagra .
Combining those drugs may dangerously reduce your blood pressure .
Be careful when taking L - citrulline if you are using any type of blood pressure drug .
Inform your doctor about any products or supplements you are taking .
Creatine found in the formula can cause nausea , stomach pain , muscle cramping , and diarrhea .
Since this ingredient makes muscles draw water from the rest of your body , you should drink plenty of water ; otherwise , you can become dehydrated .
Remember , creatine does not build muscles , it makes them to hold water .
This compound might cause irregular heartbeat .
It should be avoided by pregnant and breast - feeding women , children , and patients with bipolar disorder , kidney disease , Parkinson 's disease and diabetes .
There are some customer reviews about Beyond Raw Lit on third - party websites ; however , not all of them are positive .
What customers like about the product is that they do n't need doctor 's prescription to purchase this product .
Some users report that the product hurts their stomach and does n't provide them with any type of boost .
Other users reported experiencing restless sleep and heart palpitations .
Based on real customers ' testimonials , this supplement does not appear to make the users ' workouts or mood any better .
Let us take a look at the actual user reviews available online .
" I bought Beyond Raw Lit thinking that this pre workout supplement would be effective as the reviews said .
As a result , I had to end up going to the urgent care because of the hives all over my body that were itching terribly .
I simply could not stop scratching .
I started tingling from my ears to my stomach and legs .
The taste of the product was horrible too .
I would n't recommend this supplement to anyone at all ! "
" I had one scoop of BeyondRawLit mixed in with water , I drank it and within a minute my face started to itch .
Then my whole body started to itch to the point where it hurt .
This lasted for about 45 minutes .
After that I felt more energy but due to such a side effect I will not use this product anymore .
Besides , I got very sleepy and could hardly hold my eyes open . "
" The gummy worm flavor of Beyond RawLit tastes good , but it made me perform worse , to tell you the truth .
I did not get any muscle pumps at all from using this supplement .
I felt just an elevated heart rate , itching , and sweating excessively for no reason .
It made me feel like I could not lift anything .
It also caused nausea and slowed me down . "
Where To Buy Beyond Raw Lit ?
The supplement can be bought from the manufacturer 's site as well as some retail stores .
The price may differ depending on the place where you are buying the product .
Amazon offers Beyond Raw Lit ( 14.56 oz ( 412.8G ) ) at the price of $ 39.99 plus free shipping .
This is the package with thirty servings .
My Final Summary
Beyond Raw Lit has a number of disadvantages .
It does not appear to have any really safe and effective ingredients .
The company 's official website does not provide any dosages of the ingredients found in the formula .
This does not allow us to estimate the actual effectiveness of the product .
Based on customer reviews , the product is not as effective as claimed by the manufacturer .
Moreover , it may cause a number of undesired side effects and allergic reactions .
The supplement is sold online only and appears to be very expensive compared to the competition .
There is no money back guarantee .
Taking into account all pros and cons of Beyond Raw Lit , I cannot recommend this pre-workout formula to usage .
You are advised to look for some other products that would provide you with the desired results .
Affordable Alternative
I study a lot of different supplement designed for boosting endurance , physical performance and muscle growth .
And I can say that there is one worthy alternative on the market .
It is called CrazyBulk Winsol ( Winidrol ) .
It is one of the best supplements for body builders available in present day market .
This supplement claims to build lean muscle in a short period of time and without any side effects which usually occur when using similar products .
The best part about it is that you do n't have to take it too excessively but still you will be able to achieve the desired body shape with better stamina faster .
Winsol also improves vascularity and blood circulation , provides a lot of energy and decreases the recovery time after a workout .
I recommend reading my review about Winsol .
You will not regret !
Ultima Replenisher | DDP Yoga | Anafuse | Sunwarrior Protein | Advocare Spark | Halodrol | Crazy Bulk Winsol ( Winidrol ) | Testro - X | Kinobody | Test Reload | Performix SST | MYO -X Myostatin Inhibitor | TestroVax | Fitmiss Delight | Alphamine | Cybergenics Iso - Test | Weider Prime | Beyond Raw Lit
strange looking Farsi
The warmongers have had sights set on Iran since Brzezinski's The Grand Chessboard in 1998 and beyond .
Iraq was just a money making stepping stone to get at the real prizes - destroying all of Israel 's regional rivals and grabbing the resource rich areas of south asia .
They 've been straining for a plausible reason to go to war with Iran .
They had that Brit hostage situation but the sailors were let go too quickly .
Proxy terrorists are funded and armed by the US and have operated inside Iran for years , trying to provoke the country into retaliation .
The world yawns while Israel and the US jump up and down like chimpanzees screaming about Iran 's power plants , which as a signee to the Non Proliferation Treaty they have every right in the world to operate .
What should have been a slam dunk as casus belli was the insinuation that Iran was indirectly killing american troops going about their job of occupying Iraq .
We 've heard endless yammering in the ever supine MSM about Iranian weapons flowing across the border to Iraq .
Justification for sending cruise missiles slamming into Tehran was there for the bellowing , but there was one tiny problem - it was all made up .
" A plan to show some alleged Iranian - supplied explosives to journalists last week in Karbala and then destroy them was canceled after the United States realized none of them was from Iran .
"
The military seems to have quite a bit of trouble pulling these show and tell news events off .
A year ago they tried convincing journalists that some weaponry was Iranian but jeez , the writing on them was all in english , which may have explained this " The BBC 's Jane Peel attended the briefing in Baghdad , at which all cameras and recording devices were banned .
" In any case , the Iraqis who are fighting against the occupiers do have weapons , they just are n't coming from the country that our mass murderers hope next to destroy .
Their arms are left over from the Saddam era , made in Russia , or some of the massive caches that the US military somehow lost track of .
That last source was a pretty convenient way to prolong the fighting , thereby creating justification for never leaving the broken hellhole .
The guy who was in charge of those disappearing arms is the same scumbag who 's lying about Iranian weapons - Gen. Petraeus . " June 6 , 2008
In recent months , Gen. David Petraeus charged that Iran has supplied powerful rocket - propelled grenade launchers to Shiite militias in Iraq .
But according to the U.S. government 's own reports , there is no evidence to support that charge .
In fact , the vast majority of RPGs in the hands of Shiite militants have come from either U.S. - purchased weapons intended for Iraq 's new security forces , or from Saddam Hussein 's old stockpiles , which the U.S. failed to secure when it took control of the country .
The Bush administration has long sought to create the impression that Iran has been playing a major military role in Iraq by supplying arms to Shiite militias , including the cleric Muqtada al - Sadr 's powerful Mahdi army .
But to date , U.S. military officials have offered scant or even dubious evidence of Iranian military involvement in Iraq -- and Petraeus ' allegation about the RPGs is a clear - cut case of unsubstantiated charges . "
Tags
[ This excerpt from the writings of Thomas Paine can be found in the third chapter of Liberty and the Great Libertarians , edited by Charles T. Sprading . ]
A great part of that order which reigns among mankind is not the effect of government .
It had its origin in the principles of society , and the natural constitution of man .
It existed prior to government , and would exist if the formality of government was abolished .
The mutual dependence and reciprocal interest which man has in man and all the parts of a civilized community upon each other create that great chain of connection which holds it together .
The landholder , the farmer , the manufacturer , the merchant , the tradesman , and every occupation prospers by the aid which each receives from the other , and from the whole .
Common interest regulates their concerns , and forms their laws ; and the laws which common usage ordains , have a greater influence than the laws of government .
In fine , society performs for itself almost everything that is ascribed to government .
To understand the nature and quantity of government proper for man it is necessary to attend to his character .
As nature created him for social life , she fitted him for the station she intended .
In all cases she made his natural wants greater than his individual powers .
No one man is capable , without the aid of society , of supplying his own wants ; and those wants acting upon every individual impel the whole of them into society , as naturally as gravitation acts to a center .
But she has gone further .
She has not only forced man into society by a diversity of wants , which the reciprocal aid of social affections , which , though not necessary to his existence , are essential to his happiness .
There is no period in life when this love for society ceases to act .
It begins and ends with our being .
If we examine , with attention , into the composition and constitution of man , the diversity of talents in different men for reciprocally accommodating the wants of each other , his propensity to society , and consequently to preserve the advantages resulting from it , we shall easily discover that a great part of what is called government is mere imposition .
Government is no further necessary than to supply the few cases to which society and civilization are not conveniently competent ; and instances are not wanting to show that everything which government can usefully add thereto , has been performed by the common consent of society , without government .
For upwards of two years from the commencement of the American war , and a longer period in several of the American states , there were no established forms of government .
The old governments had been abolished , and the country was too much occupied in defense to employ its attention in establishing new governments ; yet , during this interval , order and harmony were preserved as inviolate as in any country in Europe .
There is a natural aptness in man , and more so in society , because it embraces a greater variety of abilities and resources , to accommodate itself to whatever situation it is in .
The instant formal government is abolished , society begins to act .
A general association takes place , and common interest produces common security .
So far is it from being true , as has been pretended , that the abolition of any formal government is the dissolution of society , it acts by contrary impulse , and brings the latter the closer together .
All that part of its organization which it had committed to its government , devolves again upon itself , and acts as from reciprocal benefits , have habituated themselves to social and civilized life , there is always enough of its principles in practice to carry them through any changes they may find necessary or convenient to make in their government .
In short , man is so naturally a creature of society that it is almost impossible to put him out of it .
Formal government makes but a small part of civilized life ; and when even the best that human wisdom can devise is established , it is a thing more in name and idea than in fact .
It is to the great and fundamental principles of society and civilization — to the common usage universally consented to , and mutually and reciprocally maintained — to the unceasing circulation of interest , which passing through its innumerable channels , invigorates the whole mass of civilized man — it is to these things , infinitely more than anything which even the best instituted government can perform , that the safety and prosperity of the individual and of the whole depends .
The more perfect civilization is , the less occasion has it for government , because the more does it regulate its own affairs , and govern itself ; but so contrary is the practice of old governments to the reason of the case , that the expenses of them increase in the proportion they ought to diminish .
It is but few general laws that civilized life requires , and those of such common usefulness , that whether they are enforced by the forms of government or not , the effect will be nearly the same .
If we consider what the principles are that first condense man into society , and what the motives that regulate their mutual intercourse afterwards , we shall find , by the time we arrive at what is called government , that nearly the whole of the business is performed by the natural operation of the parts upon each other .
Man , with respect to all those matters , is more a creature of consistency than he is aware of , or that governments would wish him to believe .
All the great laws of society are the laws of nature .
Those of trade and commerce , whether with respect to the intercourse of individuals or of nations , are laws of mutual and reciprocal interest .
They are followed and obeyed because it is the interest of the parties so to do , and not on account of any formal laws their governments may impose or interpose .
But how often is the natural propensity to society disturbed or destroyed by the operations of government !
When the latter , instead of being engrafted on the principles of the former , assumes to exist for itself , and acts by partialities of favor and oppression , it becomes the cause of the mischiefs it ought to prevent .
If we look back to the riots and tumults which at various times have happened in England , we shall find , that they did not proceed from the want of a government , but that government was itself the generating cause ; instead of consolidating society , it divided it ; it deprived it of its natural cohesion , and engendered discontents and disorders , which otherwise would not have existed .
In those associations which men promiscuously form for the purpose of trade or of any concern , in which government is totally out of the question , and in which they act merely on the principles of society , we see how naturally the various parties unite ; and this shows , by comparison , that governments , so far from always being the cause or means of order , are often the destruction of it .
The riots of 1780 had no other source than the remains of those prejudices that the government itself had encouraged .
But with respect to England there are also other causes .
Excess and inequality of taxation , however disguised in the means , never fail to appear in their effect .
As a great mass of the community are thrown thereby into poverty and discontent , they are constantly on the brink of commotion ; and , deprived , as they unfortunately are , of the means of information , are easily heated to outrage .
Whatever the apparent cause of any riots may be , the real one is always want of happiness .
It shows that something is wrong in the system of government , which injures the felicity by which society is to be preserved .
Having thus endeavored to show , that the social and civilized state of man is capable of performing within itself , almost everything necessary to its protection and government , it will be proper , on the other hand , to take a review of the present old governments , and examine whether their principles and practice are correspondent thereto .
It is impossible that such governments as have hitherto existed in the world , could have commenced by any other means than a total violation of every principle , sacred and moral .
The obscurity , in which the origin of all the present old governments is buried , implies the iniquity and disgrace with which they began .
The origin of the present governments of America and France will ever be remembered , because it is honorable to record it ; but with respect to the rest , even flattery has consigned them to the tomb of time , without an inscription .
It could have been no difficult thing in the early and solitary ages of the world , while the chief employment of men was that of attending flocks and herds , for a banditti of ruffians to overrun a country , and lay it under contribution .
Their power being thus established , the chief of the band contrived to lose the name of robber in that of monarch ; and hence the origin of monarchy and kings .
The origin of the government of England , so far as it relates to what is called its line of monarchy , being one of the latest , is perhaps the best recorded .
The hatred which the Norman invasion and tyranny begat , must have been deeply rooted in the nation , to have outlived the contrivance to obliterate it .
Though not a courtier will talk of the curfew bell , not a village in England has forgotten it .
Those bands of robbers having parceled out the world , and divided it into dominions , began , as is naturally the case , to quarrel with each other .
What at first was obtained by violence was considered by others as lawful to be taken , and a second plunderer succeeded the first .
They alternately invaded the dominions which each had assigned to himself , and the brutality with which they treated each other explains the original character of monarchy .
It was ruffian torturing ruffian .
The conqueror considered the conquered not as his prisoner , but his property .
He led him in triumph rattling in chains , and doomed him , at pleasure , to slavery or death .
As time obliterated the history of their beginning , their successors assumed new appearances , to cut off the entail of their disgrace , but their principles and objects remained the same .
What at first was plunder assumed the softer name of revenue ; and the power they originally usurped , they affected to inherit .
From such beginning of governments , what could be expected , but a continual system of war and extortion ?
It has established itself into a trade .
The vice is not peculiar to one more than to another , but is the common principle of all .
There does not exist within such governments a stamina whereon to engraft reformation ; and the shortest and most effectual remedy is to begin anew .
What scenes of horror , what perfection of iniquity , present themselves in contemplating the character , and reviewing the history of such governments !
If we would delineate human nature with a baseness of heart , and hypocrisy of countenance , that reflection would shudder at and humanity disown , it is kings , courts , and cabinets that must sit for the portrait .
Man , as he is naturally , with all his faults about him , is not up to the character .
Can we possibly suppose that if government had originated in a right principle , and had not an interest in pursuing a wrong one , that the world could have been in the wretched and quarrelsome condition we have seen it ?
What inducement has the farmer , while following the plow , to lay aside his peaceful pursuits and go to war with the farmer of another country ?
Or what inducement has the manufacturer ?
What is dominion to them or to any class of men in a nation ?
Does it add an acre to any man 's estate , or raise its value ?
Are not conquest consequence ?
Though this reasoning may be good to a nation , it is not so to a government .
War is the faro table of governments , and nations the dupes of the game .
If there is anything to wonder at in this miserable scene of governments , more than might be expected , it is the progress that the peaceful arts of agriculture , manufactures , and commerce have made , beneath such a long accumulating load of discouragement and oppression .
It serves to show that instinct in animals does not act with stronger impulse than the principles of society and civilization operate in man .
Under all discouragements , he pursues his object , and yields to nothing but impossibilities .
Society in every state is a blessing , but government , even in its best state , is but a necessary evil ; in its worst state , an intolerable one .
The trade of governing has always been monopolized by the most ignorant and the most rascally individuals of mankind .
Hot Potato Mash
Supporters Of The Iraq Occupation Must Answer This Question
The NY Times ’ Nicholas D. Kristof believes that “ staying in Iraq indefinitely undermines our national security by empowering jihadis ” .
He adds , that if you disagree with this assessment and “ believe that staying in Iraq does more good than harm , you must answer the next question :
Is that presence so valuable that it is worth undermining our economy ? ”
All supporters of the continuing occupation of Iraq should be forced to answer that question in light of the following :
Granted , the cost estimates are squishy and controversial , partly because the $ 12.5 billion a month that we ’re now paying for Iraq is only a down payment .
We ’ll still be making disability payments to Iraq war veterans 50 years from now .
Professor Stiglitz calculates in a new book , written with Linda Bilmes of Harvard University , that the total costs , including the long - term bills we ’re incurring , amount to about $ 25 billion a month .
That ’s $ 330 a month for a family of four .
A Congressional study by the Joint Economic Committee found that the sums spent on the Iraq war each day could enroll an additional 58,000 children in Head Start or give Pell Grants to 153,000 students to attend college .
Or if we ’re sure we want to invest in security , then a day ’s Iraq spending would finance another 11,000 border patrol agents or 9,000 police officers .
Imagine the possibilities .
We could hire more police and border patrol agents , expand Head Start and rehabilitate America ’s image in the world by underwriting a global drive to slash maternal mortality , eradicate malaria and deworm every child in Africa .
All that would consume less than one month ’s spending on the Iraq war .
Moreover , the Bush administration has financed this war in a way that undermines our national security — by borrowing .
Forty percent of the increased debt will be held by China and other foreign countries .
“ This is the first major war in American history where all the additional cost was paid for by borrowing , ”  Mr. Hormats notes .
If the war backers believe that the Iraq war is so essential , then they should be willing to pay for it partly with taxes rather than charging it .
( emphasis added )
One way or another , now or later , we ’ll have to pay the bill .
Professor Stiglitz calculates that the eventual total cost of the war will be about $ 3 trillion .
For a family of five like mine , that amounts to a bill of almost $ 50,000 .
Read the entire Kristof Op - Ed .
( Source )
Are you thinking about running your first DnD campaign ?
The idea of going from player to Dungeon Master is both exciting and intimidating .
Though creating your own campaign is a lot of work , that work is paid off by countless hours of fun with your friends and fellow players .
Since it ’s your first campaign , you ’re probably wondering how to write a campaign that will keep your players engaged and looking forward to each session .
This quick guide will go over the basics of writing a stellar DnD campaign so you ’ll know how to start .
World - Building
The world your players will be immersed in is one of the most important parts of a successful DnD campaign .
The world you create will provide the background for your character ’s adventures .
But it will also inform many of the decisions your characters , and the players playing them , make .
So , it ’s important to have a fully fleshed - out world for your players to explore .
You can start world - building many different ways .
Maybe you start by focusing on the geography and how your players will be exploring the physical world around them .
Or you can start with a specific location and go from there .
Some find it easier to start world - building by focusing on the government or culture of the world they ’re creating .
Often the government or the societal attitudes play a key role in the story you ’re giving your players , so starting with these elements can help you figure out how the larger story will unfold .
Wherever you start , when you ’re done world - building you should be able to explain to your players the geography , the government , the society , the history , and the current affairs of the world where they ’ll be adventuring .
Compelling Villains
The one thing every compelling DnD campaign has in common is a compelling villain .
Often the story and the quests that make up that story create a mystery that leads to the discovery of the world ’s main villain .
Other times , the villain is apparent from the setup of the very first adventure and the players spend the entire campaign pursuing the villain .
Either way , the story of the campaign always culminates with a massive confrontation with the villain and their various minions and henchmen .
Getting to that ‘ boss fight ’ involves multiple quests and lots of story discovery .
And if you want your players to stay interested enough to confront the big bad at the end of the campaign , the villain needs to be interesting and compelling .
What makes a good villain ?
A straight - up evildoer who does evil things for the fun of it is n’t all that interesting .
But a hero who goes mad after their family was murdered , turns to necromancy , and gets lost in the dark arts ?
Now that ’s intriguing .
Your villain should have a well - thought - out backstory that explains how they made it to the dark side .
Not all villains have to follow the good turned evil story arc , but if they were bad from the start there ’s got to be a good reason for that too .
It also helps to explain how your villain fits into the larger world .
Are they a dissident of the current government ?
Do they control a certain portion of the world ’s geography ?
Have they been shunned by the culture at large ?
Give them context within the world you ’ve built so your players want to protect the world from them .
Choosing Your Challenges
An awesome DnD campaign is n’t all about the battles .
Yes , the confrontations with various orcs , goblins , henchmen , and minions are a core part of the fun , but your players are interested in facing other challenges as well .
When you ’re writing your DnD campaign , make sure to incorporate challenges that require your players to use their creative problem solving skills and think on their feet .
One great way to incorporate interesting challenges is by making a quest dependent on solving a riddle or a puzzle .
Another great challenge to serve up to your players is a roleplaying challenge .
This could be in the form of an NPC that they have to convince into doing something or a situation they have to talk their way out of .
This forces your players to really get into character and roleplay their way through the campaign .
Make sure that you incorporate multiple kinds of challenges into your campaign so your players do n’t get bored with fight after fight .
Though interesting fights are super important too .
Learn more about how to incorporate different challenging creatures into the encounters in your campaign by checking out this interesting article .
Storylines That Matter
At its core , a DnD campaign is storytelling .
Unlike normal storytelling , it ’s interactive .
Your players get to shape the story with you by adding their character ’s personalities to the story and making any decisions they like .
But your players need the guidance of an excellent story to keep them interested in the campaign and to help them get to the climax of the campaign .
And that ’s where you as the DM can really shine .
Use the world you ’ve built and the villain you ’ve created to create a complete story that you want your players to walk through .
Think of a DnD campaign as a series of chapters that compromise a novella .
Each encounter has the information that leads to that encounter , the adventure to get to the encounter , the encounter itself , and the aftermath , like the chapter of a book .
String multiple encounters together , always making sure that they add information about the larger story , information that leads to the final confrontation with the villain .
Each encounter should give your players clues to get to the next chapter of the story .
Story Driving NPCs
Non-player characters , NPCs , are just as crucial as the player characters .
Your NPCs need to be fully realized people with stories of their own .
Not every single NPC needs a complete backstory , but they do need enough personality to interact with the player characters .
And the NPCs need to guide the player characters to and through each stage of the story .
Each NPC that your player characters encounter should have a purpose in the larger story , even if that purpose is not immediately apparent .
And each NPC should be able to give the player characters the information they need to get to the next quest or adventure .
Letting Go of Control
After all that planning , you might be pretty attached to the story and characters you ’ve created .
You probably have a specific idea of how the campaign will unfold and how your players will move through the story .
Here ’s a pro tip that will save your sanity : let go of all your expectations before the campaign begins .
Players are a DM ’s worst nightmare .
They ’ll go off on tangents , they ’ll read into things that have no meaning , they ’ll kill NPCs that were crucial to your story just for the fun of it .
Whatever planning you ’ve done is likely to go off the rails once your players are involved .
So , let go of control and find a way to tell the story you intended around the decisions your players make .
The best DM ’s roll with the punches .
The Secret to the Best DnD Campaign
What ’s the secret to creating the best DnD campaign ?
Have fun !
DnD is all about having a good time with people you enjoy .
It ’s about using your creativity to overcome challenges and create a good story together .
So , the more fun you have creating the campaign , the more fun your players will have playing it .
Follow these tips to create a campaign your players will love and have a great time .
Looking for more tips about strategy games ?
Check out the Games section of our website .
The tremendous technological advances in recent years have completely changed the way the world does business .
There ’s no denying the fact that much of the world ’s commerce today relies extremely heavily on technology and the Internet .
Nowhere is that made more clear than when one considers the impact of ERP on the business world .
ERP , or Enterprise Resource Planning , is generally one of a business ’s most significant software costs .
But the ROI from the benefits of ERP is well worth the cost .
What is ERP ?
Enterprise Resource Planning is a multifaceted system to take care of a majority of your business operations and functions .
It ’s all about figuring out how you can maximize the use of your limited resources .
The software houses multiple different functions that each cater to a different business function , depending on which ERP platform you end up using .
In this article , we ’ll go over a few of the benefits of ERP that your business will experience should you use one of these software systems .
One of the big things that ERP can do for your business is consolidation .
This is especially true for your company ’s IT department .
Your business will be able to consolidate many of the functions of your IT department behind one pane of glass .
This does two things : it will reduce the amount of staff you need .
Secondly , it will also keep internal operations running smoother , as any IT issues that come up with can be dealt with quickly and efficiently from the single operating system .
2. Visibility into Each Business Process
Because an ERP system houses so many different business processes , it affords tremendous visibility into each of those processes from a high level .
That means that your executives no longer need to jump about in different systems in order for them to get a handle of what ’s going in your business .
Instead , they can just log into one system that can tell them everything they need to know about the sector that they ’re concerned with .
3. Data -Driven Insight
Pretty much every ERP system comes with advanced reporting and analytics .
You ’ll be able to build out custom dashboards that highlight the data that your executive team finds most important to making decisions .
This allows your business to make data - driven decisions .
Instead of relying on hunches or intuition , you can start allowing the analytics and metrics that your ERP provides to drive your decision - making .
ERP analytics are so complex that training is often necessary : discover more about Epicor training .
4. Bring Departments Together
ERP allows synergies that bring departments together .
One example of this is with your marketing and sales department .
An ERP system can incorporate a CRM tool that houses all of your customer and contact data .
Now , your marketing team and sales team work out of the same system .
Thus , they can improve workflows that handoff prospects from marketing into defined sales processes .
The result is that your customers go through the buying journey faster ( i.e. more productive sales and marketing ) .
5. Scalability
Every ERP system worth its salt is able to scale with your business .
It will incorporate functions that allow you to scale with ease .
Take , for instance , human resources .
Managing your human resources department is by far one of the biggest issues that you run into as you seek to scale your business up and hire more employees .
An ERP system will offer recruiting tools that will make the lives of your HR people that much easier , allowing them to be more productive and scale your business .
6. Better Customer Service
Another important business function that can be housed in ERP is customer service .
Customer service is the lifeblood of any brand that ’s at the top of its industry .
Serve your customers better than your competition , and your competitions ’ customers will soon be flocking to you .
7. Accurate Forecasting
Once you have the reports and dashboards built out that we discussed earlier , you ’ll be able to better forecast your financial projections .
This means you can deliver more accurate reports to investors and executives alike .
8. Work From Home Solutions
One of ERP ’s principal benefits is that it can travel with you .
Many ERP systems available on the market today come with mobile solutions that can go home with your employees .
In addition , they can be run on laptops that your employees can take home with them , eliminating the need for in - person work .
Consider that the ability to work from home is now one principal benefit that attracts employees to companies .
If you offer work from solutions , there ’s a solid chance that you ’ll find it easier to recruit top talent to work for you .
9. Reduce Administrative Burdens
As you may have already guessed , an ERP system will significantly reduce the overall administrative burden .
This is because the software will be able to do a lot of that administration for you already as it consolidates data from different departments .
The net result is that your business spends less money on administrative employees and also does n’t have to pay out of pocket for other tools that may be required to manage each of the individual functions that ERP encompasses .
10 . Security and Compliance
Any company that ’s ever been on the wrong side of a security or compliance audit knows that ’s the furthest thing from a fun time you could think of .
Because ERP systems deal with so much data , they are very heavily regulated and subject to stringent security and compliance requirements .
Thus , you can rest easy knowing that should you be audited , your ERP will help you back up your adherence to all required compliance criteria .
Know the Benefits of ERP Systems
There you have it — now you should have a very complete understanding of the many benefits of ERP systems .
If your business could use any of the advantages listed above , then it ’s time that you started shopping around to pick the right ERP system for your company .
Let us know which one you choose in the comments below !
For more business advice , be sure to take some time to check out the rest of the articles available to read on the website !
I have never once in my entire life been asked nicely to leave the toilet seat in some specific position .
It seems as if it is some sort of rule that women cannot simply request this of someone , they have to break into a song - like rant , spitting obscenities and shaking their finger at you .
I by no means wish to clump ALL women into this group .
I am not leaving out the possibility that only women I associate with have this problem .
So basically , when I refer to " women " in this little rant , take it with a grain of salt .
You know who you are … those women …
Recently , while watching " Bill Cosby Himself " with my girlfriend , I noted that during a joke he was doing , he said something about leaving the toilet lid down as being a bad thing .
My girlfriend explained , while glaring at me , that leaving the lid and the seat down is just as bad if not worse than leaving both of them up .
This is apparently due to the fact that when one has to pee , they plop down on the lid , cannot tell that it is down and begin to pee on the lid .
I have been told the exact same reason for all of this from every girl who has screamed at me for it and it has got to be one of the stupidest admissions that I have ever heard in my entire life .
" We do n’t always look before we sit down , and sometimes at night we do n’t even turn on the light . "
This is a deficiency .
This admission , made almost with pride , says two things to me :
I make unwarranted assumptions .
I am militantly unaware of my environment .
So as a male , apparently I am expected to make up for this deficiency by making sure that the lid is always left in the correct position .
In the interest of not falling into the toilet and / or urinating on myself , I always make sure to look before I sit down .
I find the concept of " not looking " interesting .
How exactly does one not see the condition of the toilet before sitting on it ?
The only solutions I have been able to come up with on my own ( since females seem uninterested or unable to tell me ) are these :
Women enter the bathroom with their eyes closed or while staring at the ceiling .
Women open the bathroom door and then proceed to back into the bathroom using their rear - end to locate the toilet .
Women only do bathroom business after daylight hours and are incapable of and / or unwilling to operate a light switch .
All women are very cleverly hiding the fact that they are born blind .
Toilets / toilet seats are diabolically engineered to be completely invisible to women .
One time , when I was about seven , my skinny little ass fell into the toilet because I had left the toilet seat and lid up .
Having no girth to speak of I fell right in and dipped my bare hiney in the cold ( yet thankfully clean ) toilet water .
This was not only embarrassing but uncomfortable as well .
Since that day , I have never fallen into or even come close to falling into the toilet .
Might I also remind everyone that men sit down , too .
Personally in the comfort of my own home ( where the toilet seat is relatively clean ) , I rather prefer sitting down due to the fact that it is plainly less taxing and requires no aiming or standing ( not that aiming and standing are all that big a task , I am just lazy ) .
This rant is n’t due to the fact that I am unwilling to help women with this admitted deficiency .
Rather , I find it infuriating that because women are seemingly unable to check to make sure that the toilet seat is down , they take this anger out on me .
It becomes my deficiency , I am less of a person because I cannot remember to put the seat down / lid up .
I can understand the embarrassment of urinating on one 's self and / or falling into a toilet , but getting angry with someone else because you did something foolish is rather immature .
In some Asiatic / Middle - eastern countries , they have unisex restrooms where they squat over holes in the ground and " wipe " by splashing water on themselves .
I propose a compromise : you may keep complaining and we men shall suffer it for about 10 minutes before taking a hack saw and simply removing the source of debate .
Problem solved , you must now " hover . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Dmitry Medvedev has promised to extend Russia 's civil and economic freedoms after being sworn in as new president .
" Human rights and freedoms ... are deemed of the highest value for our society , " he said at a lavish inauguration ceremony in the Kremlin .
Mr Medvedev took over from Vladimir Putin , becoming Russia 's third leader since the collapse of the USSR in 1991 .
Within hours , Mr Medvedev , 42 , nominated Mr Putin , his mentor , as prime minister .
" Medvedev has put forward Putin 's candidacy for prime minister to parliament , " a Kremlin spokesman said .
Mr Putin has a large majority in parliament and is expected to take up his new post as early as Thursday .
The 55 - year - old former KGB agent was barred by the constitution from running for a third consecutive presidential term in the March elections .
Gun salute Mr Medvedev won a landslide victory in the polls , and Wednesday 's inauguration capped his sharp ascendance from obscurity .
I 'm going to pay special attention to the fundamental role of the law .
We must achieve a true respect in law , overcome the legal nihilism
Dmitry Medvedev
In pictures : Medvedev sworn in Readers respond
It was held in the Kremlin 's magnificent St Andrew 's Hall .
The ceremony began with an honour guard bringing in the symbols of the presidential office .
Mr Putin then made a short speech , describing the handover of power as " a hugely important stage " for Russia .
" It 's extremely important ... to continue the course that has already been taken and has justified itself , " said Mr Putin , referring to his eight years in power .
Mr Medvedev then took an oath on a red - bound copy of the Russian constitution .
In a brief speech , he pledged to work for " a better " Russia , developing " civil and economic freedom " .
He said that " human rights and freedoms ... determine the meaning and content of all state activity " .
Mr Medvedev also stressed he would " pay special attention to the fundamental role of the law " .
He then thanked Mr Putin for his personal support , saying he hoped he would enjoy such backing in the future .
A 30 - gun salute was then fired from the Kremlin embankment to mark Mr Medvedev 's inauguration .
The grand ceremony was the expression of a new confidence that oil - and gas - rich Russia now feels , correspondents say .
Lengthy partnership
Having campaigned as Mr Putin 's protege and tied himself to his mentor 's policies as soon as his victory became known , analysts say it is no surprise that Mr Putin will continue to play a central role .
Mr Putin urged Russians to support his successor
An economic liberal , Mr Medvedev has served Mr Putin as first deputy prime minister , chairman of Gazprom - Russia 's enormous state - run gas monopoly , campaign chief and chief of staff .
But his working relationship with his predecessor goes back much further .
A lawyer by training , in the 1990s Mr Medvedev was an assistant professor at St Petersburg State University , during which time he became an expert consultant for the city administration - where one Vladimir Putin had a senior position .
And , analysts suggest , their partnership looks set to continue .
But the question of who wields the real power in the Kremlin will continue to fascinate , puzzle and perplex , the BBC's James Rodgers in Moscow says .
Mr Putin will remain Russia 's most popular politician for the foreseeable future , which will give him huge influence over the man he mentored as his successor , our correspondent says .
' Wait and see '
The Kremlin 's lack of tolerance for dissenters was highlighted on Tuesday as police detained dozens of would - be protestors in advance of a planned rally by The Other Russia , an opposition group led by world chess champion Garry Kasparov .
However , there are hopes - both in Russia and abroad - that the country will be changing under Mr Medvedev .
" Any day that you can exchange a member of the secret police for a law professor is a good day , " international lawyer Robert Amsterdam , who represents jailed Yukos boss Mikhail Khodorkovsky , told the BBC .
" We 'll simply have to wait and see , " he added .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - China on Thursday asked the United States for satellite images of quake - stricken Sichuan province to help locate victims and identify seriously damaged roads and infrastructure , U.S. and Chinese officials said .
The request , hand - delivered to the State Department by a Chinese embassy official shortly before noon EDT ( 1600 GMT ) , seeks high - resolution imagery of the region surrounding the south - central Chinese city of Chengdu , officials told Reuters .
A State Department spokesman had no immediate comment on how the United States would respond to the request but officials said it was expected to receive a high priority .
A U.S. document obtained by Reuters said China has already received offers of advanced satellite imagery from Japan as well as offers of radar data from Canada and Italy through the International Charter on Space and Major Disasters .
The Pentagon espionage unit known as the National Geospatial - Intelligence Agency , or NGA , has already begun analyzing imagery of the earthquake ’s aftermath taken from U.S. spy satellites , according to defense officials .
The Bush administration has offered spy satellite images and analysis to foreign governments coping with natural disaster in recent years to help organize rescue and recovery operations .
The State Department would also likely seek imagery for China from civilian government satellite , such as the U.S. Geological Survey as well as private - sector satellite companies , especially before - and - after images of quake - stricken sites , officials said .
The death toll from China ’s earthquake could soar to more than 50,000 , state media reported on Thursday .
Some 20,000 are confirmed dead after Monday ’s 7.9 magnitude quake and 25,000 were buried in areas rescuers have struggled to reach , battling landslides , buckled roads and collapsed bridges .
Half the epicenter town of Yingxiu , where corpses are lined along the river , has been flattened and 90 percent of the buildings remaining look unsafe .
U.S. satellite imagery could produce highly detailed pictures of damage to roads , railways , tunnels , ports and coastlines .
A official at the Chinese embassy in Washington said the data could also help save lives by locating desperate victims .
I feel like I committed the perfect crime .
For 100 days Helium.com promised their members up to $ 3 for every 400 - word article they wrote .
So I cranked out nearly articles , and now they owe me about $ 900 .
But of course it was n't that simple ...
Helium tried to make it harder by adding a rule that the pay - out would decrease if the articles ' " quality score " averaged any lower than the top 15 % — but there was a loophole .
They 'd only perform that quality check after three people wrote about the topics .
So all I had to do was review things so obscure that no one else would ever review them .
Some of the things I wrote about ?
Providing proof , if it were needed , that every single piece of personal data in the UK has now been lost - probably several times over , by multiple corporations and government offices - news has just broken of another theft of laptops crammed with easily accessed info .
This time the there - but - for - the - grace - of - god bonehead users were hospital staff at St George 's hospital in Tooting .
" We could not anticipate a determined thief who was prepared to force open a filing cabinet and locked drawers , " said Chief Executive David Astley .
The six laptops in question belonged to the cardiac department , and contained information about some 20,000 patients , including their name , date of birth and postcode .
They were stolen from hospital offices during the weekend 7/8 June .
The machines ' drives were not encrypted .
However , hospital staff were keen to stress that the laptops were " password protected " .
Which should stymie anyone incapable of booting them up using an alternative operating system .
“ We believe the data will almost certainly be wiped by the thief so he can get a quick sale , " speculated Astley .
" Nonetheless we owe it to our patients to protect their personal information and we have reminded our staff not to store this kind of data on laptops in the future .
We have also set up a helpline for patients to ring for further information . ”
The St George 's NHS Trust has written today - ten days after the theft - to every patient , apologising for the potential risk to their confidentiality .
Trust spokespersons told the Reg that the data had only been placed on the laptops due to a " temporary problem " with the hospital 's network , which has since been rectified .
Asked how long the network outage had lasted , and for comment on whether it was thought to justify placing 20,000 effectively unprotected personal records on six different machines , the Trust had not yet responded as of publication . ®
Just just announced its 2008 and early 2009 PLAYSTATION 3 software line - up .
Via press release , Sony 's Scott Steinberg says :
For the second half of 2008 and beyond , we will see a spectacular line up of triple - A titles and original gaming content that will satisfy PlayStation fans across the board ...
Highly anticipated games such as Resistance 2 ( TM ) , LittleBigPlanet ( TM ) , and Killzone ( TM ) 2 , along with original content such as SIREN : Blood Curse and PixelJunk ( TM ) Eden , demonstrate SCEA 's passion to lead the market by continuing to deliver unique gaming content and revolutionary sequels to our best - selling franchises .
Advertisement
Wow .
Scott Steinberg ( TM ) remembered the trademarks and everything !
Hit the jump for the full line - up :
Hot Shots Golf ( R ) : Open Tee 2 — PSP ( Available June 3 , 2008 / E for " Everyone " )
Developed by Clap Hanz , Hot Shots Golf ( R ) : Open
Tee 2 introduces six challenging new courses , along with new characters to customize using hundreds of accessories .
Robust Internet play allows players to challenge other Hot Shots across the globe in tournaments of up to 16 players .
Players can tee - off locally with up to eight others via Ad Hoc mode , or engage in a number of single - player modes such as Challenge , Training , and Stroke Play .
With the franchise 's signature over - the - top visuals and pick - up - and - play action , fans of the series can once again look forward to hitting the links on the go with the most fun and wacky golf experience available .
Advertisement
Secret Agent Clank ( TM ) — PSP ( Available June 17 , 2008 / E10 + for " Everyone 10 + " )
Ratchet , Clank , and Captain Qwark return to PSP this summer in Secret Agent Clank ( TM ) , an all new adventure where Clank takes the lead as the titular character .
Taking cues from spy classics of the past , Secret Agent Clank presents the Ratchet and Clank universe with a spy themed twist , including Clank as the Galaxy 's greatest undercover agent dressed in a tuxedo .
Developed by High Impact Games , the studio that brought Ratchet & Clank ( R ) : Size Matters to PSP , Secret Agent Clank brings the humor , quality gameplay and action that fans have come to expect from the franchise back to PSP .
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
wipEout(R ) HD — PSN ( Available Summer 2008 / Rated E10 + )
One of the most beloved PlayStation franchises of all time returns with wipeout ( R ) HD for PS3 .
Available exclusively for download on PlayStation Store , players race at blazing speeds and experience adrenaline - filled , anti-gravity racing action in full - 1080 p High Definition ( HD ) running at a breathtaking 60 - frames - per-second .
Featuring a selection of the best tracks from previous versions of the wipEout franchise meticulously reworked for PS3 , wipEout HD supports up to eight player online multiplayer racing in addition to various other race modes like Tournament , Time Trial and Speed Lap .
Featuring a new Pilot Assist option to help players navigate tracks at blazing speeds , wipEout HD also includes a Photo Mode , support for the SIXAXIS wireless controller 's motion sensing controls , and a bumping soundtrack with Dolby 5.1 surround .
Advertisement
Elefunk ( TM ) — PSN ( Available Summer 2008 / E for " Everyone " )
Elefunk ( TM ) is a PS3 construction puzzle game exclusively for download on PLAYSTATION Network .
In Elefunk , players are tasked with building bridges and structures capable of supporting elephants as they stroll across treacherous ravines , rivers , fire pits and swamps .
Using various materials with real world physics applied to them — ranging from metal to wood and rope — players must select the proper materials and pieces to build a structure that will hold up the crossing elephants .
With single and multi-player gameplay both on and offline , Elefunk delivers simple and fun gameplay for the casual fan , with leaderboards and challenging modes for the more competitive gamer .
Advertisement
PixelJunk ( TM ) Eden — PSN ( Available Summer 2008 / Not Yet Rated )
PixelJunk ( TM ) Eden is the third PSN title from the addictive PixelJunk series by Japanese developer Q - Games .
In this stunning platform game , the player feels like a small insect seeing a garden for the first time .
Within this constantly evolving and vibrant 2D plant environment , the player leaps and swings between lush plants , smashing into approaching enemies and navigating around the undergrowth to gather treasures .
Through various levels , the player is treated to stylish 1080 p graphics , a dynamic soundtrack and addictive gameplay .
PixelJunk Eden supports both single and co-op play .
Advertisement
SIREN : Blood Curse — PSN ( Available Summer 2008 / Not Yet Rated )
Released in twelve downloadable episodes , SIREN : Blood Curse delivers a haunting and horrifying story exclusively to PS3 .
Set in the Japanese village of Hanuda , an American TV crew has arrived to research and film an expose on the legend of a " vanished village . "
Controlling seven different playable characters , the player must discover the mystery behind the curse that grips the eerie village of Hanuda .
The unique " sight jack " system allows the player to see from the point of view of the Shibito , or living dead , to avoid their detection or watch as they close in on the crew .
Intense graphics , realistic character animation , and a gritty film - like graphical presentation add to the horror of SIREN : Blood Curse .
Advertisement
SOCOM : US Navy SEALs Confrontation — PS3 ( Available September 16 , 2008 / Not Yet Rated )
With the power of PS3 , SOCOM : U.S. Navy SEALs Confrontation will deliver the most intense and authentic high definition modern combat action .
Delivering a global - scale combat experience that has been refined over four generations of the SOCOM franchise , SOCOM Confrontation gives players the opportunity to battle against the best and brightest from the U.S. , Europe and Asia .
Players will be able to modify their appearance through facial and physical customization and battle across seven North African environments , including a 32 - player version of the most popular SOCOM map of all time " Crossroads . "
Additional themed packs containing new Special Forces , weapons , maps and features will be made available for download via the PLAYSTATION ( R ) Store .
Advertisement
LittleBigPlanet ( TM ) — PS3 ( Available October 2008 / Not yet Rated )
Developed by Media Molecule , LittleBigPlanet ( TM ) is a new and hugely innovative PS3 title that establishes a new genre called " creative gaming . "
LittleBigPlanet allows players to Play , Create and Share inside a glued - together and hand - stitched 3D landscape .
Players customize and control their burlap Sackboy ( or Sackgirl ) character and can PLAY alone or with up to three others , exploring a variety of developer - created levels .
Also , using a simple tool system , players can CREATE their own objects and even full levels .
Players can then SHARE these creations with their friends or with the world through the online PLAYSTATION Network community .
Advertisement
NBA 09 — PS3 , PSP , PS2 ( Available Fall 2008 / Not Yet Rated )
Developed by SCEA San Diego , NBA 09 builds on the technology and features of NBA 08 with more advanced graphics and gameplay control to deliver an experience catering to hardcore basketball fans and casual gamers alike .
For the first time , NBA 09 brings " The Life " mode to PS3 , delivering gamers the most detailed and engaging NBA experience both on the court and behind the scenes .
Additionally , NBA 09 will feature a full Franchise mode , where gamers can run their own virtual team on every level — from determining salaries , to deciding playing time , to making trades .
Progression mode , where players are rewarded experience and attributes during gameplay , returns with players now able to track " team progression " for all five characters .
Extending playability , NBA 09 will bring back NBA Replay mode , where players will be able to re-enact highlight performances from the real NBA season to gain additional rewards .
Other key features include expanded commentary , a variety of mini-games , and full online gameplay action .
Advertisement
NBA 09 — PSP ( Available Fall 2008 / Not Yet Rated )
Developed by SCEA San Diego , NBA 09 for PSP brings fast , fluid gameplay and delivers the most engaging portable NBA experience available .
Featuring a new Franchise mode , players will be able to draft and construct contracts while engaging in multi-season gameplay .
The popular Conquest mode returns in a variety of formats , allowing players to take over the country in gameplay modes such as Dodgeball , Elimination , Fast Break , and Pick - Up games .
Carnival mini-games return , including Pinball , Pop - a - Shot , and Skee - Ball , and cross platform compatibility allows players to use mini - game Carnival tickets earned to purchase items in NBA 09 PS3 .
Additional mini-games round out the experience including , Pick and Roll , Alley - Oop , Box Out , Give and Go , and 21 .
Advertisement
NBA 09 — PS2 ( Available Fall 2008 / Not Yet Rated )
Developed by SCEA San Diego , NBA 09 for PS2 returns with the fourth installment of the critically acclaimed " The Life " mode .
Within The Life , players will control storylines for three different characters , interacting with them on and off the court .
In addition , a full Franchise mode will be featured , along with optimized gameplay and artificial intelligence ( A.I. ) to deliver a true basketball experience .
Online roster updates will be available weekly , and NBA 09 will bring an expanded set of commentary featuring Kevin Calabro and Kenny " The Jet " Smith .
Advertisement
About BUZZ !( TM ) Quiz TV — PS3 ( Available Fall 2008 / Not Yet Rated )
This fall BUZZ !( TM ) , the popular quiz show franchise , makes its way for the first time to PS3 with BUZZ !( TM ) Quiz TV .
BUZZ !
Quiz TV comes stocked with five different channels of questions including Music , Movies & TV , Sports , Brainiac and Lifestyle , combining to deliver over 5,000 questions .
Extending the quiz show network beyond the disc , up to four players from anywhere in the U.S. can team up for trivia showdowns in the online multiplayer mode , Sofa vs. Sofa , and new quiz packs to be available for download from the PLAYSTATION ( R ) Network .
Also , for trivia fans wanting to see if they can trump others with their own vast library of knowledge , Mybuzzquiz.com will provide a global community for players to create and share their own quizzes online and make available to download on PS3 .
Advertisement
BUZZ !( TM ) Master Quiz — PSP ( Available Fall 2008 / Not Yet Rated )
Coming this fall , the BUZZ !( TM ) franchise puts trivia in the palm of your hand with BUZZ !( TM ) Master Quiz PSP ( R ) ( PlayStation ( R ) Portable ) .
Packing over 3,000 questions on topics including music , celebrities , TV , sports , science , nature , movies and more , BUZZ !
Master Quiz puts players ' knowledge to the test at home or on the go .
When gaming solo , players can enjoy a series of 15 different quiz challenges in single - player mode .
Staying true to the franchise 's social gaming roots , BUZZ !
Master Quiz also offers three new multiplayer modes designed specifically for PSP .
Advertisement
MotorStorm ( TM ) Pacific Rift — PS3 ( Available Fall 2008 / Not Yet Rated )
The most brutal offroad racing festival is back , with players this time attempting to tackle the diversity and unpredictability of a remote Pacific island environment .
Developed by Evolution Studios exclusively for PS3 , MotorStorm ( TM ) Pacific
Rift revisits the intense racing action introduced in last year 's MotorStorm ( TM ) , this time allowing players to navigate a radically different tropical environment chock full of lush jungle , towering peaks , and crystal - clear water .
Players will experience a greater selection of tracks and vehicles to choose , as well as extensive multiplayer options including four player split screen and races with up to 20 players online .
Additionally players will be able to utilize a new photo mode to save images within the game and for the first time be able to take music from their PS3's HDD to create a customized soundtrack .
Advertisement
Resistance 2 ( TM ) — PS3 ( Available Fall 2008 / Not Yet Rated )
On the brink of annihilation , mankind resumes the fight against the unstoppable Chimera on the shores of the United States .
Thus the stage is set for Resistance 2 ( TM ) , the highly anticipated follow - up to Insomniac Games ' best - selling PS3 launch title .
Players will once again step into the war - torn boots of Sgt. Nathan Hale , who not only faces near impossible odds on the battlefield , but also struggles with the Chimera virus raging inside his own body .
In addition to an epic single - player campaign , Resistance 2 will offer a truly unprecedented eight - player , class - based online co-op campaign and 60 - player online competitive multiplayer built upon a ' massive battles , greater intimacy ' mantra .
Also , players can expect tightly integrated community support via MyResistance .net .
Advertisement
Killzone ( TM ) 2 — PS3 ( Available February 2009 / Not Yet Rated )
Developed by Guerilla Games , Killzone ( TM ) 2 is the highly anticipated first - person shooter created exclusively for PS3 .
Killzone 2 brings a highly detailed , ultra-realistic " theater of war " , where players encounter lifelike and adaptable artificial intelligence ( A.I. ) from enemies as well as fellow soldiers , destructible environments , and stunningly detailed scenery .
Set on the hostile enemy planet of Helghan , players will once again join the ranks of the ISA with a directive to battle through the harsh environment to capture the Helghast emperor and bring the enemy war machine to a halt .
With an extensive single - player campaign and thrilling multi-player mode , Killzone 2 delivers a host of new weapons , vehicles , and gameplay elements all wrapped in an intense storyline .
Advertisement
[ Pic ]
Account to ESET , Google has removed another malicious application from the Android store .
Unfortunately , this application has had 100.000 – 500.000 downloads since November 2016 .
Unlike other malware applications , this F11 application did n’t contain any harmful code .
However , it has tricked the users to pay $ 19 for “ Adobe Flash Player . ”
As most of you already know , the Flash Player for Android is FREE , but it has been discontinued back in 2012 , as it had some real security issues .
“ Paid ” Adobe Flash Player : How It Works
After you download the application from the Google Play Store ( keep in mind that the app has been removed from the official Android store , but the scam still exists ) , you will notice that a tutorial will pop-up with detailed instructions on how to download the “ Flash Player . ”
In that web page , the user is redirected to PayPal to pay $ 19 to buy the Flash Player 11 for the Android device .
Keep in mind that only Adobe , the developer of Flash Player and the only company that has all rights on this application .
However , Adobe is giving its Flash Player for FREE and some bad people have taken advantage of that and trying to sell it to some naive users .
The trick is that along with a link to a Flash Player installation tutorial , the victims will also be prompted to install Dolphin or Firefox browser ( both of them are FREE ) .
These two browsers support Flash Player by default as they come with the plugin for playing Flash content .
Getting Your Money Back
If you ’ve fallen victim to this scam and made the purchase via your PayPal account , then you can open a dispute of that transaction ( after a transaction has ended you have 180 days to open a dispute about it ) .
After explaining your issue and how you got tricked , PayPal will most likely give your money back .
Tags
Let 's pull this sentence out of the civic pieties of our time and see what 's wrong with it : " We should all volunteer our time in charitable causes and give back to the community in a labor of love . "
We can't argue with the instruction here , or the sentiment behind it .
There is nothing wrong with giving and sacrifice .
My argument is with the choice of language .
It contains a word and three phrases the common usage of which can be highly misleading .
Voluntary
This word " volunteer " is used to describe a person who does things in service of others , and we all know the intent of the term .
We speak of volunteering all the time .
The United States has what is called the voluntary sector , which is supposed to refer mostly to nonprofit organizations that elicit nonremunerative employment .
But think of the literal meaning of voluntary or volition : the act of making a conscious and noncoerced choice to do something .
The opposite is to be forced to do something .
So prisoners are forced to sleep on mats ; people in the army are forced to march here and there .
Or you and I can volunteer to sleep on a mat or to march here and there .
It 's true that people serving soup to the poor are not forced to be there .
But in what sense does introducing wages or profit or money generally change the nature of choice ?
Are the paid administrators of homeless shelters any less volunteers ?
Not at all .
They are making a conscious choice to serve the poor , just as the unpaid " volunteers " are making a conscious choice to be there .
They are all free to do something else .
Let 's expand this to the for - profit sector .
No one who works in retail or software or any other industry in a free economy is being forced to do anything .
They are all there by choice , a result of having evaluated a variety of options and choosing one option over every other possible option ( the opportunity foregone here is what might be called the " cost " of that choice ) .
The doctor who administers medicine , the lawyer who writes a legal brief , the salesman who sells you a suit , the clerk who rings up the total — these are all volunteers .
The investment banker is a volunteer .
The introduction of money into exchanges ( and all actions , charitable or profitable , are exchanges ) does n't change anything about the nature of the action .
It does n't switch it from voluntary to forced .
This is not merely a terminological dispute .
There is an ideological import to the use of the term " voluntary " to describe nonremunerative activities .
It evidences a bias against the cash economy , as if monetary exchange and profit is a tainted motive , whereas the removal of money makes an action pure and beyond reproach .
This is completely wrong .
It 's time we demystify the role of money in society .
It serves a useful purpose .
Under barter , goods and services are exchanged directly for each other .
That works for primitive economies , but once complexity appears , barter has its limits .
You can't exchange a cow for an egg or an auto plant for a hat , because these goods are n't divisible .
You need money to serve as a proxy for goods and services to exchange later .
Money also serves the vital function of permitting economic calculation , so you can know if exchanges are profitable ( nonwasteful and productive ) or yield losses ( wasteful and nonproductive ) .
Thus is the institution of money not inherently corrupt or tainted ; it is highly useful and necessary , and arises merely in response to the desire of people to cooperate .
Give Back to the Community
" Give back to the community " is a phrase used to implore people who have been successful in business to donate their time , talent , and treasure to some cause besides their business .
There is no arguing with the injunction to serve others , but there is a problem with the phrase " give back . "
It implies that people with money have taken something from others .
But presuming that the businessperson has been successful through enterprise , their wealth comes not from taking but from cooperating with willing buyers .
Let 's see how this works :
When you need milk in a hurry , you dash to the convenience store and pick up a carton .
You put it on the counter and the clerk says what you owe .
At that moment , there is a calculation made .
The clerk determines that he ( or the person who employs him ) values $ 2.50 more than the milk .
You , on the other hand , determined that you value the milk more than the $ 2.50 you have been asked to pay for it .
You exchange , and voila — you are both better off as a result .
You have done a service to the convenience store , and the convenience store has done a service for you .
The store is richer in money , and you are richer in goods .
What do the two parties to the exchange owe each other afterwards ?
Nothing .
What does justice demand ?
That they keep the bargain , and nothing else .
The milk can't sour .
The check can't bounce .
Nothing else is required or asked .
Now , if the store clerk is sick and needs help , or the customer is poor and needs shelter , that 's another matter .
But what is asked in this case is completely unconnected from the results of the economic exchange .
Expand this logic more broadly , and we can see that it applies to all people who make money , even vast amounts .
Even the richest person , provided the riches comes from mutually beneficial exchange , does not need to give anything " back " to the community , because this person took nothing out of the community .
Indeed , the reverse is true : Enterprises give to the community .
Their owners take huge risks , and front the money for investment , precisely with the goal of serving others .
Their riches are signs that they have achieved their aims .
Labor of Love
The phrase " labor of love " is used as a kind of euphemism for doing work without pay .
It is an apt phrase if it means only that the person is so wild for his work that he is willing to do it even when there is no remuneration .
But the phrase is also laden with the implication that if you are getting paid , it is not a labor of love .
Surely the most successful employees are those who love their work .
That they receive salaries or wages in return for services offered only serves as a sign and a symbol of the value that the business owner attaches to that work .
They are cooperating to their mutual satisfaction , which one might say is a form of showing love .
In that way , all labor in a free market is a labor of love .
Both parties are giving and receiving .
Another unfortunate way to use this phrase is to imply that if you refuse to work without wages , you are not showing love .
It is an undeniable fact that the use of time means the use of the most valuable resource we own .
If a worker gives up a day that he could otherwise use earning wages , he might be forgoing a few hundred dollars of income .
This lost income is the cost ; it is what he pays in order to pursue a " labor of love . "
So he is not merely foregoing income : there is a sense in which he is contributing what otherwise would have been his income to the cause he is serving instead .
What if that money was meant to buy groceries or medicine for his children ?
In this case , doing a " labor of love " instead would be a cruel act .
It is even true of the wealthy businessperson .
What if staying at work — even earning money — is the best way to serve the community ?
What if that person is a pharmacist or a doctor or a website worker who is helping to provide people vital information about religion or health or some other vital issue ?
Labor for wages is just as much a contribution to society as working somewhere else for free .
What if a person is responsible for the wellbeing of thousands of employees ?
Is it not an act of love to stay on the job ?
There is no point in claiming that love is involved only when donating your time at no pay .
You can pay or be paid and still show love .
Again , this is not just about terminology .
It is about the assumptions many people bring to the subject of economics as it affects ethics .
People often take it for granted that the " cash nexus " is incompatible with clean living .
We gain a clearer understanding of this issue by seeing that money and finance are merely instrumental institutions that serve the cause of human cooperation and human betterment .
Yes , we should volunteer in charitable causes , and give to the community , in labors of love .
That may not mean serving soup in a homeless shelter .
Indeed , it might mean pulling down a large salary as an investment banker for commercial real estate ventures .
Once we understand that the market economy is not incompatible with social justice , but is rather a form in which authentic social justice is realized in the real world , we will be more careful with the language we use .
A large number of children in Pakistani attend religious seminaries
A student of a religious seminary in Pakistan 's Punjab province has died after he was punished by his teacher , police say .
Atif , seven , was hung upside down from a ceiling fan by Maulvi Ziauddin for not memorising his Koran lessons , his fellow students told the police .
Atif 's condition deteriorated quickly and he died in the teacher 's room .
Maulvi Ziauddin has been arrested .
Human rights organisation say Pakistani children are often exposed to abuse .
Arrested
The students told the police in the town of Vehari that Atif was punished on Wednesday by Maulvi Ziauddin who left him hanging from the fan for some time .
The son of a farm labourer , Atif lived in the seminary with about 20 other students , including a cousin .
" When his cousin did not see Atif on Wednesday night or the next morning , he informed the family , " a Vehari police official , Mohammad Afzal , told the BBC .
" Members of the family found Atif 's body in Maulvi Ziauddin 's room , but the cleric himself was missing , " he said .
He was arrested from a nearby village later on Thursday .
The police said they would file formal charges after an autopsy report is issued by the local hospital .
In a report published in January , Lawyers for Human Rights and Legal Aid ( LHRLA ) - an organisation which monitors and compiles cases of child abuse and kidnapping - said children in Pakistan were increasingly exposed to abuse , kidnapping and violence .
The number of reported cases involving children has more than doubled from 617 in 2006 to 1,595 last year , the report said .
It blamed poor law enforcement and old social attitudes towards children 's rights as some of the reasons for the problem .
Susie Shellenberger is no Dan Savage .
She writes the advice column for Brio , a Christian girls ’ magazine .
Here ’s a recent question posed to her :
Dear Susie : OK , I have a boyfriend , and I kind of want to have sex with him , but I sort of do n’t want to because I know it ’s wrong .
He told me if I wanted to , he ’d do it .
But he ’ll also wait for me if I do n’t want to .
I do n’t know what to do .
I ’m not knocking the girl ’s abstinence .
That ’s her choice .
And the guy seems pretty decent .
He does n’t sound like he ’s pressuring her .
He ’ll go along with what she says .
Personally , it does n’t sound like she ’s ready for sex .
So she should n’t do it .
But she damned well better know where some protection is .
Just in case .
End of story .
What advice would you give the girl ?
Think about it …
Then read the first line of what Susie wrote :
Are you kidding me ?
Susie ’s advice : Dump the evil boy .
Are you kidding me ?
If you know it ’s wrong , why are you even questioning this ?
God created sex for marriage and marriage only !
Sure , you ’ll have the desire to be sexually involved ; that ’s how God wired you .
But have you heard of delayed gratification ?
In other words , WAIT UNTIL MARRIAGE !
You may want a piece of chocolate cake , but if dinner will be served soon , hopefully you ’ve learned to delay gratifying that desire .
You may want an iPod so bad you ca n’t stand it .
But if you do n’t have the money , are you going to steal it ?
Or will you delay that gratification until you have the money ?
If you have any common sense at all , you ’ll walk away from this guy .
You say he ’ll wait .
Until when ?
Until next month when you finally give in ?
Any guy worth anything at all WON ’T be saying , “ I ’ll have sex if you want to , but if you do n’t want to , I ’ll wait . ”
No .
A great guy will say , “ You ’re wanting to have sex ?
Then you ’re not the girl for me !
I ’m waiting until marriage ! ”
Good luck with those future relationships , little girl … you shameless , sexually - ambivalent little girl … how dare you let your biological chemistry influence you !
You ’re a fundie .
Do n’t you know you ’re not allowed to have doubts about anything ?
Fundie Watch has a sentence - by - sentence breakdown of the entire response :
Sure , you ’ll have the desire to be sexually involved ; that ’s how God wired you .
Oh , yes , God put that desire in you , but said “ No touchy !
Naughty naughty ! ”
Were n’t there similar practices used in the Dark Ages as a form of torture ?
Your God must be a real dick .
But have you heard of delayed gratification ?
In other words , WAIT UNTIL MARRIAGE !
Yes , we ’ve all “ heard ” of delayed gratification .
Just like I ’ve “ heard ” of clamping high voltage electrodes to my nuts , but I do n’t see much point in doing that either .
It ’s also hypocritical that Susie is so harsh to that girl when she responds so differently to a girl who got knocked up .
And just in case you ’re not disturbed enough , check out this question from the same column as she - who - wonders - about - getting - it - on :
Dear Susie : I have n’t started shaving my legs yet , and I ’m not even sure I want to !
God did n’t talk about hair removal in the Bible , so I ’m thinking it might be a sin to remove the hair on my legs .
Does the Brio staff encourage shaving legs ?…
( via Fundie Watch )
[ tags ] atheist , atheism [ / tags ]
A teenager who suspected her ex-boyfriend had taken another girl to the high school prom has been charged with setting fire to his family 's house in Trenton , displacing 10 people , police said .
Shanta Dargbeh of Bristol Township , Pa. , faces 10 felony charges including aggravated arson .
Dargbeh , 19 , was upset at hearing her boyfriend may have taken another date to last weekend 's Trenton High School prom , said Trenton police spokesman Detective Captain Joseph Juniak .
The boy is among Stanley and Teresa Johnson - Davis ' eight children .
Nine members of the family were home when the early morning fire consumed the house .
They escaped through windows and down a fire escape .
Two were treated for smoke inhalation , police said .
Dargbeh is in the Trenton lockup , her bail set at $ 250,000 .
To : U.S. Representative Steny H. Hoyer
U.S. Senator John D. Rockefeller
Honorable Gentlemen --
I see from the news that the telecom industry efforts to receive blanket immunity for violation of this nation 's domestic surveillance laws are still quite active .
Their campaign to place pressure on the Congress via the placement of industry funded , faux - grassroots ads , their willingness to draft proposals for how , exactly , their own immunity should be phrased , the continuing refusal to actually describe what it is they are asking immunity for -- all impressive efforts .
And they have what can only be described as a true champion in the Bush Administration , which has acted nobly to protect the interests of these fine companies .
So it seems only natural that right - thinking legislators such as yourselves would want to go along , so as to not rock the boat .
It seems , then , we are at a bit of an impasse .
You want to provide the industry immunity for still - unknown years of illegal surveillance , immunity the industry is adamantly demanding .
But at the moment , you cannot rouse sufficient support for the act because it would make you all look like cheap , easily bought corporatophiles in the pocket of some of the highest paid lobbyists in the land -- mere legislative hacks who can be bought off with trinkets , or threatened with bullying advertisements , or who believe laws are negotiable things , depending on how much money you have or how powerful your friends are .
This is because the public , against all expectations , is actually paying attention .
Fear not : I have a bargain to strike .
I would like to announce that we , the slovenly and ignorant public , would be willing to drop our unreasonable outrage over corporations in this nation being given blanket retroactive immunity for violating both federal law and our own personal privacy ... for a price of our own .
A quid pro quo , if you will -- and certainly , I expect you are well familiar with such arrangements .
We simply want a little payback , in order to make sure that you in Congress are asked to live according to the same rules as the rest of us .
Here is my proposal .
We , the public , should be allowed to spy on you , and all those you come in contact with , with similar promisees of amnesty .
For each member of Congress , I propose we set up a collective internet site .
This site will allow interested members of the public to , in realtime , monitor your every activity to assure ourselves that none of you are committing illegal or terrorist - enabling acts at any given moment of the day .
The primary feature will be the ability to listen in to any conversation you may be having , whether it be on your work phone , your home phone , your cell phone , text messages , email -- whatever .
These conversations will be streamed to the internet , so that they may be monitored by responsible members of the public .
The contact information of whoever it is you are talking to at that moment at time will also be displayed and tracked -- whether it be your wife or husband , child , doctor , secret mistress , whoever -- so that we can monitor them as well .
You know , just to be safe .
You can trust us , as members of the public , to be discreet .
We will only listen and watch , and will not abuse the information .
After all , what could any of you possibly have to hide ?
Only someone intent on criminal acts objects to being monitored proactively .
On the contrary , you should be grateful to us : by listening to your every phone call and reading your every communication , we can only help you to prove that you have nothing to hide .
I am unfamiliar with the vagaries of American law these days , but my understanding is that this ongoing surveillance will make you even more innocent than you were before .
Perhaps you will even be twice as innocent as before , or four times as innocent -- what patriot could resist ?
This , though , is still not quite the proper balance between your privacy and our needs as citizens .
We need more of a total information awareness into your doings -- you know , just to be sure you are not terrorists , or at the very least secretly drug dealers or ethnic or something .
You will therefore have all your personal bills posted to the same website : credit card bills , mortgage statements , monthly electricity usage , bank statements , etc .
You need not worry , of course , about doing this yourself : there are companies already tracking all of this information , and government projects dedicated to sweeping it up to look for suspicious patterns .
Again , there is nothing you could possibly have to hide ... unless , perhaps , you have taken any trips abroad lately ?
That could cause some problems .
Or if you have eaten at the same restaurants as other people being investigated ... or have an unusual pattern of travel within the country ... or have moved , recently .
Oh -- or have bought more than one bottle of cough syrup in the last few months , or have acquaintances with suspicious - sounding names , or own your own business .
Aside from that , you should be in the clear .
I admit , this at first sounds intrusive .
Consider this , though : what if one of your fellow Congressmen turned out to be -- and I pause , here , for dramatic effect -- a terrorist sympathizer ?
Sure , you consider the possibility unlikely , but if there was even the slightest , slightest chance that someone surrounding you was a secret Jihadist , would you not be willing to give up any amount of privacy , in order to prove your own innocence and help the authorities ( in this case , we watchful members of the public ) narrow down the list of subjects by conducting surveillance upon each of you , one by one , to ensure you are not planning something criminal ?
There is , of course , one small detail that ruins all of this .
Surveillance of American citizens without due process or cause is , sadly , illegal .
In order for us to do it , then , you will have to grant us , your own constituents , the same immunities that you have been struggling so valiantly to provide to the telecommunications industry .
I am sorry to report we have no lobbyists .
We have few people willing to type up the laws for you , in order to deliver them onto your desks .
We do , however , have the advantage of being voters -- one of the few remaining perks of being a citizen of this nation that is not yet shared by corporations -- and so one can certainly presume that we would look favorably upon any grant of immunity for our own illegal acts , come your next election .
And I cannot help but point out that while the Bush administration and telecommunications companies conspired to do something illegal , then demand immunity after the fact , we mere citizens are following a much more responsible path of asking you up front to let us do the deed .
Surely , that shows far more respect for the laws of this great nation than either Bush or his compatriots have deigned , does it not ?
So , what say you ?
Can we citizens be granted these extra-legal powers that the telecommunications companies have been demanding , lest they have to face civil suits for violating the laws of the nation ?
Can we be granted the same illegal powers of espionage that the Bush administration has squeezed from you with barely a squeak , on your parts ?
Can we violate your privacy with abandon , ignore the laws and the courts , listen in on your most personal phone calls , thumb through your monthly purchases , follow your movements , spy on those that contact you , and if ever caught doing anything that does violate existing law , simply receive immunity from all unfortunate laws that might apply ?
You are looking for a deal to be struck in order to condone the violation our privacy and make the illegal legal .
Fine ; these are our terms .
Unless you are terrorists , I think you will find our requests not only fair , but truly patriotic .
There is another matter that needs addressing , which is that it may be necessary at some point to torture one or two of you , just to make very , very certain that you do not know something about terrorists that you perhaps might be hiding .
No need to worry about that now ; we can address that in separate legislation .
Your humble citizen ,
Hunter
We must have Impeachment Hearings before the Election .
HR - 24 , is a resolution that will be voted on in the New Hampshire House on Wednesday , April 16th and is probably our last chance this year to have a State Legislature send a directive to Congress telling them to get busy and Impeach .
Due to special rules in the NH Legislature this resolution will be voted up or down solely in the NH House .
It does not need to be approved by the Senate or signed by the NH Governor .
You Country needs
You , yes You , Right Now to send emails to all of the Democratic Representatives in the New Hampshire House asking them to support Betty Halls Resolution to Impeach Bush and Cheney .
It is easy .
I just tested it .
They all emailed just fine .
The list is only the NH House Democrats .
our own email address
copy one of the groups of email addresses into
SUBJECT :
MESSAGE :
Next Page 1 | 2
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
Analysis
If you use the internet for any purpose that might be construed as other than respectable – be afraid .
Be very afraid .
Almost unreported , the UK Criminal Justice Bill is slowly wending its way toward becoming law .
It includes a section ( Clause 63 ) on " extreme pornographic images " that may , or may not , affect a very large proportion of the adult population in the UK .
But that – the Bill 's uncertain scope – is part of the problem .
On Monday 21 April , the Bill returned to the House of Lords for further debate .
Lib Dem peer Baroness
Miller brought forward a set of amendments that would effectively have removed the extreme porn clause from the Bill .
She pointed out that the evidence linking pornography with violence was weak and that the new rules would be out of kilter with the Obscene Publications Act .
In her speech , the Baroness commented that " the Minister is in danger of leading his Government into becoming the thought police ... we do not have any evidence to justify an intrusion in people 's lives " .
Further , " the Government 's contention is that by viewing it [ extreme porn ] people are more likely to commit violent offences .
Therefore , they justify walking into people 's bedrooms and turning them into criminals simply for viewing something . "
Labour peer , Lord McIntosh of Haringey added : " What does it matter to the Government whether what we have in our homes for our own purposes is for sexual arousal or not ?
What is wrong with sexual arousal anyway ?
That is not a matter for Parliament or government to be concerned about . "
Despite considerable support from all sides for the amendment , the House voted to keep the clause in the Bill ( 66 votes to 30 ) .
According to the conventions of the House , Baroness Miller will not be able to resubmit the same amendments at 3rd Reading .
She will , however , introduce a new amendment .
As the Bill stands , someone could be charged for owning images of acts that are lawful , but which could be construed as extreme pornography .
The Minister made very weak commitments to address this problem .
Baroness Miller will introduce an amendment that provides a proper defence for those who possess pornographic images of lawful acts .
It 's time for another installment of Pot Psychology , the advice column in which everyone 's problems are solved with an " herbal " remedy .
( Remember , kids : Do n't do drugs ! )
In this episode , my friend till the end , Rich , helps me dole out advice on stuff like lactating , cream pies , and male virgins .
Got a burning question ?
Send it to tips@jezebel.com with " Pot Psychology " in the subject line .
( Please keep them short ; they 're verrrry hard to read when stoned . )
P.S. No animals were drugged in the making of this video .
Earlier : Dr. Ruth Personally Advises Us On Period Sex
ACLU : United States violates UN protocol in its treatment of Iraqi , and American , children Nick Langewis
Published : Wednesday May 14 , 2008
|
Print This Email
This A new US government report reveals that nearly 2,500 children , being held in military custody in Iraq and Afghanistan by the United States , are not uniformly protected as mandated by United Nations protocol .
Neither , contends the American Civil Liberties Union , are those the government seeks as new recruits here at home .
The report , submitted Wednesday to the United Nations Committee on the Rights of the Child , shows that there is no set policy in place to handle youths under the age of 18 captured and detained by the US military in Iraq and Afghanistan .
" It is shocking , " said Jamil Dakwar , Director of the ACLU 's Human Rights Program , " to know that the U.S. is holding hundreds of juveniles in Iraq and Afghanistan , and even more disturbing that there is no comprehensive policy in place that will protect their rights as children .
" Juveniles and former child soldiers should be treated first and foremost as candidates for rehabilitation and reintegration into society , not subjected to further victimization . "
The ACLU , in an additional report , says that the United States ' lack of policies towards underage detainees violates not only the international norm , but the Optional Protocol on the Involvement of Children in Armed Conflict , ratified in 2002 .
The Protocol mandates that no person under 18 years of age be forced to join a military force , and calls to protect , with " all feasible measures , " members of a military force under the age of 18 from direct combat , whether in a state military or a militia .
About 500 children in Iraq alone are being held without charge in US - run facilities ; the government says that the children are being taught to " contribute positively to the future of Iraq . "
The ACLU contends that , in addition to these children , a confirmed 10 under 18 are being held at the infamous Bagram military base in Afghanistan , and at least 23 are thought to have been minors on their arrival at Guantánamo Bay .
The ACLU also says that the United States Department of Defense 's stateside recruitment efforts , especially towards youth of color , violate the Optional Protocol by grooming and courting pre-teens and teenagers -- sometimes using coercive tactics through school programs , video games and per guidelines in recruitment training manuals -- before they are legally able to sign a binding contract .
" Contrary to the government report , " said Jennifer Turner of the ACLU Human Rights Program , " recruitment does not begin when a high school senior signs a contract to enlist .
The government fails to acknowledge that recruiters contact , cultivate , and at times harass potential recruits long before they are old enough to sign up . "
Lincoln , the model leader ?
Why do new U.S. leader Barack Obama and others hold such strong admiration for the 16th president of the United States ?
A few minutes of grainy , black and white video show a shadowy creature with big eyes peeping over a windowsill .
But does it show a puppet or an alien from outer space ?
The video , purportedly capturing proof of alien life , was released this morning during a press conference at the Tivoli Student Union on the Auraria campus in downtown Denver .
Over the course of three minutes or so , the footage shows a white creature with a balloon - shaped head that keeps popping up and down in a windowsill that was 8 feet above ground .
The face was white , with large black eyes that seemed to blink .
“ If it was a puppet , it would be a very elaborate and sophisticated puppet , ” said Alejandro Rojas , education director of MUFON , the Mutual UFO Network , who spoke at the press conference .
Rojas said the video was taken on July 17 , 2003 , in Nebraska by Stan Tiger Romanek , who set up the camera because he thought peeping Toms had been looking into his house at his two teenage daughters .
Romanek did not appear at the news conference .
The creature would slowly pop its head up and peer through the window then drop suddenly down , apparently trying to avoid detection .
It raised its head up about a half dozen times .
The alien ’s other body parts were not visible .
It was unclear whether the creature was taller than 8 feet and was crouching to avoid detection or whether it was standing on something .
It also was difficult , because of the faintness of the object , to tell whether it was three dimensional .
Romanek , who moved to Colorado after the recording , claims to have had more than 100 encounters with aliens , Rojas said .
One of many websites detailing Romanek ’s encounters shows photographs of him with red marks on his back and arms that Romanek says were inflicted by aliens .
He says he was abducted by extraterrestrials and has posted pictures of spherical burn marks in his yard marking where a spaceship hovered or landed .
Since one encounter in which he photographed a UFO on a road trip to Pennsylvania , 44 birds have mysteriously crashed into his car window because of some bizarre electromagnetic effect resulting from the contact , he writes .
But Rojas said preliminary research that he and other experts have done on the video suggests that it is authentic .
“ I do n’t believe they have the ability or the motivation to fabricate a hoax , ” Rojas said at the news conference .
About 30 journalists were in the room for the screening , including a dozen TV cameras .
Photographers were not allowed to capture images from the footage today because experts are still reviewing it , Rojas said .
The screening , organized by Denver resident Jeff Peckman , was not open to the public .
Peckman says he hopes to provoke debate about the existence of extraterrestrial life .
“ We believe this will be somewhat of an historic news conference , ” Peckman said .
“ We ’re very pleased to see this level of interest . ”
A documentary is in production that will include much more of the videotape and other evidence , he says .
It is due to be released later this year .
Peckman has organized an initiative drive to require the city of Denver to create an Extraterrestrial Affairs Commission to handle alien encounters , saying that the government has not disclosed all it knows about the existence of life beyond Earth .
During the press conference , Peckman frequently referenced the initiative .
A petition drive is currently underway .
Peckman needs 4,000 signatures for the item to make it onto the November ballot .
Peckman also said the technological benefits of making contact with extraterrestrials make it a very worthwhile endeavor .
Governments and industry giants have an incentive to keep a growing body of evidence of the existence of aliens hushed up , Peckman said , because the technology they could bring eclipses anything available on Earth .
Demetria Gallegos contributed to this report .
Kirk Mitchell : 303-954-1206 or kmitchell@denverpost.com
A discussion with Aubrey de Grey ; Chairman and Chief Science Officer , the Methuselah Foundation .
Cuba yesterday accused the top US diplomat in Havana of carrying mail to dissidents containing funds from an organisation run by the benefactor of an alleged terrorist .
The authorities presented emails and other correspondence they said supported their claim against Michael Parmly , the chief of the US interests section in the Cuban capital .
But while the evidence referred to " letters " , it included no direct proof that there was money involved .
Cuba claimed that funds were sent to two political opposition leaders , Martha Beatriz Roque and Laura Pollan , from a Miami - based organisation called Fundacion Rescate Juridica , headed by Santiago Alvarez .
Alvarez , the authorities said , was a benefactor of Luis Posada Carriles , accused by Cuba of masterminding bombings of aircraft and hotels .
" This reveals the connection between the counter - revolutionaries in Cuba and the terrorists , " said Josefina Vidal Ferreira , the director of the Cuban foreign ministry 's north American department .
Roque heads the Assembly for Civil Society while Pollan is a member of the Ladies in White group of political prisoners ' wives .
Neither was immediately available for comment yesterday .
Cuba has for years accused US officials of providing government funds and material support to the island 's tiny opposition .
American officials have acknowledged sending books , radios , tape recorders and other items , purchased through the US Agency for International Development , but have denied giving dissidents cash .
During a 2003 crackdown Cuba charged 75 opposition members with being " mercenaries " working with US officials to overthrow the communist system and sentenced them to long prison terms .
Weird Asia News Design Contest
Calling out to All Site Designers : Weird Asia News To Launch A Design Contest
Weird Asia News started as a simple blog with a default WordPress template .
As the site continues to increase in popularity , we believe that a redesign is necessary .
We are inviting all the fans and readers proficient in site design to participate in this contest .
First place winner will receive a PlayStation3 , an interview , and a credit link in the footer of the blog .
In addition to the prized provided by Weird Asia News , additional sponsors have decided to offer prizes for the winner as well .
Todd Malicoat , from Stuntdubl.com , indicated it was unfair to have a PS3 without Guitar Hero 3 .
He has announced that the winner of this contest will also receive Guitar Hero 3 .
Reddit.com is offering a small prize bundle that will include an alien wobble head , a t- shirt , some stickers , and a postcard with all the Reddit teams ’ signatures .
Pingo came through with a great gift for the winners , as well as every single person who submits a design for this contest .
1st and 2nd place winners will receive international phone cards with up to 5,000 minutes of calling time and valued at $ 100.00 each .
Additionally , they have decided to offer a free international phone card to each person who enters the contest with up to 250 minutes of calling time and valued at $ 5.00 each .
We told them there might be a lot of people entering the contest but they said “ could be $ 5,000 or $ 50,000 in phone cards .
Who knows ?
But we do know your getting a free calling card , Just for sharing your Asian News Design ! ”
Weird Asia News Design Contest Guidelines :
As part of our mission to enhance the usability and aesthetics of Weird Asia News , we would like to add features and widgets to the site .
These include most popular content , top commenter , polls , and ad spots .
Additionally , the design should reflect our style and content , and adopt a magazine or real news format .
The site should have three columns and use the sidebar space to add in features , widgets , and advertising .
The deadline is on June 30 , 2008 and site visitors will pick the winning design .
** A larger version of the logo can be found here – Logo
It has been asked if individuals can still enter the contest if they do not live in the United States .
The answer is yes , but you can not be eligible to win the PS3 or any other prizes .
You can still get recognition in the article and get a link in the template but there are too many international and foreign laws that must be followed in order to open the contest up for everyone to win the PS3 and prizes .
Details :
On July 1 , 2008 , Weird Asia News will choose the themes that we believe will work for our specified needs .
Once the designs are selected , they will be available on the site for readers and visitors to vote on .
User votes will determine the winner of the contest .
Voting will last until July 15 , 2008 .
Winners will be announced on or around July 18 , 2008
If no design is chosen to be displayed for voting then contest will either be extended or canceled .
The winner of this contest will receive a post detailing them , their design , and their company , if available .
The winner will retain credit for the design and a link to their site in the footer .
The winning design will become the default design for Weird Asia News .
Participants can enter more than 1 design .
( Please do not just change a logo or something lame to call it different . )
Online Contest Rules
Introduction : Weird Asia News , http://www.weirdasianews.com is offering the Online Contest ( “ Contest ” ) .
NO PURCHASE NECESSARY .
NO WRITTEN RESPONSE NECESSARY .
A PURCHASE OR PARTICULAR RESPONSE DOES NOT IMPROVE YOUR CHANCE OF WINNING .
VOID WHERE PROHIBITED .
Eligibility : Entrant must be 18 years of age as of May 20 , 2008 .
For the PS3 or Amazon prize only , entrant must be a legal resident of the 50 United States and the District of Columbia .
Timing : Contest begins at 12:00:01 a.m. E.T. on May 22 , 2008 , and ends at 11:59:59 p.m. E.T. on June 30 , 2008 .
Design Rules :
The following rules and directions must be followed in order to be entered into this contest .
Designs must be compatible with WordPress and allow for regular updates .
Code must be easy to understand so that future changes can be made .
Designs must be unique and designed by the submitter .
Any designs that violate copyright laws will be disqualified .
Designs must not contain hidden links , programs , spyware , viruses , keyloggers , or any other malicious components .
Designs must be relevant to Weird Asia News .
You may alter but do not replace the logo graphic .
You are free to utilize different fonts .
( logo image )
Design must be a three column design and incorporate or allow for inclusion of advertising spots , site sections , and various widgets including , but not limited to : Most Popular Stories
About Us
Blogroll
Categories
Links
Social Media Buttons
Recent posts
Various ad spots How to Enter : Send your WordPress design , e-mail address and / or U.S. mailing address to info@weirdasianews.com .
Each submission must have screen shots of the theme in use or a live version of the theme .
Contest participants may enter multiple designs .
Judging Criteria : Each entrant selected as a potential winner must comply with all terms and conditions set forth in these Official Rules , and winning is contingent upon fulfilling all such requirements .
The prize winners will be selected by Weird Asia News user ’s votes .
The contest will take place under the supervision of Weird Asia News .
Participants agree to be bound by these rules and the decision of the voting , which is final .
Winners will be notified by e-mail or mail by July 21 , 2008 .
Prizes :
The following prizes will be awarded : Official Prize ScheduleEntry Deadline : June 30 , 2008 .
Prize : First Prize wins a Sony 40 GB Playstation 3 , Guitar Hero 3 ( sponsored by Todd Malicaot ) , Reddit gift package ( sponsored by Reddit .
com ) , a post detailing the contest , and a credit link in the footer of the design .
Second Prize wins $ 50 Amazon Gift CardNumber of Prizes : 2 ( two ) Total Approximate Retail Value of All Prizes : $ 450.00 .
Weird Asia News and / or Sponsors , are not responsible for lost or mutilated prizes and none will be replaced .
Prize is nontransferable and must be accepted as awarded .
No cash or other substitution may be made .
Entrant must be 18 years of age as of May 20 , 2008 and be a legal resident of the 50 United States and the District of Columbia .
Other Terms and Conditions : Potential winners and any guests who will share in the prize will each be required to sign and return an Affidavit of Eligibility , Liability Release , and where lawful , a Publicity Release , within fourteen ( 14 ) days of notification , failing which the potential winner will be disqualified and prizes will be forfeited .
If any prize or prize notification is returned as non-deliverable , the potential winner will be disqualified and prizes will be forfeited .
BY ACCEPTING THE PRIZE , THE WINNER AGREES THAT WEIRD ASIA NEWS AND?OR SPONSORS , [ ITS / THEIR ] SUBSIDIARIES , AFFILIATES , ADVERTISING AND PROMOTION AGENCIES , AND ALL OF WEIRD ASIA NEWS’S OFFICERS , DIRECTORS , EMPLOYEES , REPRESENTATIVES AND AGENTS , WILL HAVE NO LIABILITY WHATSOEVER FOR , AND WILL BE HELD HARMLESS BY WINNER FOR ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY INJURY , LOSS OR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND TO PERSONS , INCLUDING DEATH , AND PROPERTY , DUE IN WHOLE OR IN PART , DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY , FROM THE ACCEPTANCE , POSSESSION , USE OR MISUSE OF THE PRIZE OR PARTICIPATION IN THIS SWEEPSTAKES OR PARTICIPATION IN ANY CONTEST OR PRIZE RELATED ACTIVITY .
Subject to all federal , state and local laws .
Void where prohibited .
Miscellaneous :
All entries become the sole property of Weird Asia News and none will be returned .
In the event of a dispute , entries made by Internet will be deemed made by the authorized account holder of the e-mail address submitted at the time of entry .
The “ authorized account holder ” is deemed the natural person who is assigned to an e-mail address by an Internet access provider , service provider or other online organization that is responsible for assigning e-mail addresses for the domain associated with the submitted e-mail address .
A potential winner may be requested to provide Weird Asia News with proof that the potential winner is the authorized account holder of the e-mail address associated with the winning entry .
If for any reason the Contest is not capable of running as planned , including due to infection by computer virus , bugs , tampering , unauthorized intervention , fraud , technical failure , human error or any other causes beyond the control of Weird Asia News that corrupt or affect the administration , security , fairness , integrity , or proper conduct of the Contest , Weird Asia News reserve (s ) the right in [ its / their ] sole discretion , to disqualify any individual who tampers with the entry process , and to cancel , terminate , modify or suspend the Contest .
Weird Asia
News assumes no responsibility for any error , omission , interruption , deletion , defect , delay in operation or transmission , communications line failure , theft or destruction or unauthorized access to , or alteration of , entries .
Weird Asia News [ is / are ] not responsible for any problems or technical malfunction of any telephone network or lines , computer online systems , servers , or providers , computer equipment , software , failure of any e-mail or entry to be received by Weird Asia News on account of technical problems or traffic congestion on the Internet or at any web site , any combination thereof , or otherwise , including any injury or damage to entrant ’s or any other person ’s computer related to or resulting from participation or downloading any materials in the Contest .
Weird Asia News [ is / are ] not responsible for late , lost , illegible , incomplete , stolen , or misdirected entries .
CAUTION : ANY ATTEMPT BY AN ENTRANT TO DELIBERATELY DAMAGE ANY WEB SITE OR UNDERMINE THE LEGITIMATE OPERATION OF THE CONTEST MAY BE A VIOLATION OF CRIMINAL AND CIVIL LAWS AND SHOULD SUCH AN ATTEMPT BE MADE , WEIRD ASIA NEWS RESERVE( S ) THE RIGHT TO SEEK DAMAGES FROM ANY SUCH PERSON TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW .
Winners List :
The winner shall be announced at http://weirdasianews.com on July 15 , 2008 or by sending an e-mail to info@weirdasianews.com .
If winner requests confidentiality , only a first name and state will be provided .
Sponsors : The Sponsor(s ) of this Contest are Weird Asia News , Todd Malicoat , Reddit.com , and Pingo .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Reddit
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Images of colliding galaxies show them spinning , sliding and slipping into one another , wreaking stellar destruction that will give birth to new and larger galaxies .
Slideshow ( 18 images )
The Maryland - based Space Telescope Science Institute released 59 new images from the Hubble Space Telescope on Thursday to celebrate the 18th anniversary of its launch .
“ This new Hubble atlas dramatically illustrates how galaxy collisions produce a remarkable variety of intricate structures in never - before - seen detail , ” the Institute said in a statement .
“ Astronomers observe only one out of a million galaxies in the nearby universe in the act of colliding .
However , galaxy mergers were much more common long ago when they were closer together , because the expanding universe was smaller . ”
The color images , available online at hubblesite.org/news/2008/16 , are a look back in time .
It takes hundreds of millions of years for galaxies to merge and the light from their stars has traveled for hundreds of millions of years across space .
Because it orbits outside the Earth ’s atmosphere , Hubble ’s cameras can take extremely sharp images .
Its future was controversial , as it requires regular servicing by space shuttle astronauts to stay in working condition .
After the 2003 Columbia space shuttle disaster , a servicing mission initially planned for 2004 was canceled .
NASA at one point was planning to abandon the telescope , hugely popular among astronomers .
After an outcry , the U.S. space agency relented and a final Hubble servicing mission is scheduled for August .
In 2013 , the James Webb Space Telescope is scheduled to replace Hubble .
Fat people are nothing new .
When Dr. Sanford Siegal began practicing medicine in 1957 , he had so many overweight patients that he started treating for obesity exclusively .
Exercise is all well and good , but the most effective weapon in the battle against the bulge , Siegal found , was a punishingly low - calorie diet .
We 're talking 800 calories a day .
Siegal 's patients rarely stuck to such diets , though , because — surprise , surprise — their rumbling tummies always got in the way .
Siegal said to himself , " I 'm going to engineer a food that will suppress hunger . "
He researched natural appetite suppressants , he says , and started baking up concoctions at home .
By 1975 , he had invented the perfect food : a hunger - suppressing oatmeal - raisin cookie .
To this day , despite many imitators and one federal lawsuit , its precise ingredients remain secret .
Half a million patients and five cookie flavors later , Siegal has come to be known as the Cookie Doctor .
" I 'm not sure I ever really liked it , but that 's what they called me , " says the 79 - year - old doctor , sitting in his Kendall office , his white hair neatly combed , his stethoscope resting on his desk .
By 2002 , he 'd opened three medical centers in South Florida , where he would give his patients thorough physical exams and electrocardiograms , then prescribe his special diet .
The diet requires eating six of his specially formulated cookies a day , plus a 300 - calorie dinner , for a grand total of 800 .
People who stick to the diet , Siegal says , drop 12 to 15 pounds the first month .
In 2002 , he was approached by a doctor named Sasson Moulavi who also specialized in weight loss .
Moulavi wanted to go into business with Siegal .
" This fellow was charismatic , " Siegal says .
" A good talker .
He made grandiose promises . "
Dr. Moulavi , 45 , is now based in Boca Raton , where he heads a company called Smart for Life .
He chuckles at Siegal 's characterization of him , suggesting that Siegal might not be the sweet bespectacled man in the white lab coat that he looks like on his cookie packages .
Both parties concur that in 2002 they signed an agreement that would allow Moulavi to open franchises based on the Siegal model .
It gave Moulavi the exclusive right to open weight - loss centers outside of Miami - Dade , Broward , Collier , and Monroe counties .
Soon enough , Siegal began receiving checks .
According to Siegal , each independent franchise paid Moulavi ten percent of its take ; the two doctors split that .
Siegal maintained the longtime ritual that he continues today :
Once a week , he'd go to his private bakery in a Miami warehouse accompanied only by his wife .
" I lock us in , " Siegal says .
" When there 's no one around , I mix my potion . "
He leaves batches of it for his team of bakers to mix into the cookies .
Siegal 's recipe — referred to in press releases as a " proprietary combination of grains and other natural ingredients " or " a hunger - controlling amino acid protein formula " — is so secret , he says , that even his son Matthew , who serves as president and CEO of his company , does not know the formula .
It 's locked up in a safe deposit box that his son will have access to only after Dr. Siegal 's death .
Siegal says that he schooled Moulavi on all aspects of his business :
How to run the centers .
How to screen patients .
How to detect hyperthyroidism , a condition he feels is underdiagnosed .
" I taught him everything , " Siegal says .
" Except one thing : I would not give him the recipe . "
With the newfound business model , Moulavi went to work .
" He was building an empire , " Siegal says .
That 's right , Moulavi agrees proudly .
He was building an empire .
He took Siegal 's simple concept and expanded it from small - time operation to an international business , with dozens of franchises throughout the U.S. and Canada .
Moulavi attributes much of his success to marketing savvy .
He says he spent $ 100,000 in 2005 and $ 164,000 in 2006 on public relations and advertising .
According to court documents , it was in August 2002 , when Moulavi opened the Boca office , that he started using the phrase " the cookie diet " to describe the program .
Says Moulavi , it was hard for an entrepreneur to work with an uptight doctor , who " frequently complained " about using the " cookie diet " moniker .
" He considered the term denigrating to the medical component , " Moulavi says .
He refers to an NBC - TV interview in which Siegal says , " I hate for it to be called the cookie diet . "
According to Moulavi , Siegal wanted to describe his program by this mouthful : " a diet that uses a cookie as an adjunct to losing weight . "
For the most part , though , things were really cooking — until , Siegal says , he started getting letters from Moulavi 's attorney .
The cookies were unsatisfactory , the letters said .
They were the wrong shape .
They had mold .
That seemed funny to Siegal , because at the same time , Moulavi 's sales figures were going up and up .
Siegal says that Moulavi , when confronted , brushed off the letters from the attorneys , saying , " You know how attorneys are . "
Siegal adds : " I had no suspicion there was anything in the wind at all . "
Then one day Siegal received a bill for a piece of bakery equipment that he had n't ordered , indicating that Moulavi was building a bakery of his own .
Siegal says he called Moulavi on it .
" He told me you 're an old fellow — it 's just in case something happens to you . "
In August 2006 , Siegal received a letter saying that Moulavi was terminating his franchise agreement .
" The very same day , " Siegal says , " his employees were calling , saying ' When will the cookies be delivered ? '
We said , ' Never . ' "
Siegal says Moulavi would double his profits by cutting his franchise parent out .
He'd get even more money for himself by not buying Siegal 's products anymore , Siegal says .
But Moulavi maintains that there was n't anything sinister about his motives .
" As franchises opened , operators realized that the name Siegal was not well known , " Moulavi 's lawyers asserted in court documents .
As early as June of 2005 , he stopped using the Siegal name because it " was not driving significant business . "
In 2002 , Dr. Siegal had registered eight trademarks to protect his business , including " Siegal Medical Group , " " The Siegal Cookie , " and " Siegal Diet Program " — but not " the cookie diet . "
The term , as Moulavi saw it , was there for the taking .
In 2005 , he filed a trademark application for " The Cookie Diet . "
By the time their relationship fell apart in 2006 , court documents allege , there were " consistency issues " with Dr. Siegal 's cookies .
The size and weight varied .
The shapes were irregular — some looked like bites had been taken out of them .
And in some cases , court documents say , the cookies " contained foreign matter such as human hairs , insects , metal fragments , and plastic filaments . "
That 's a low blow , Siegal says .
Complete nonsense .
He gladly shows off his bakery , which is almost clinically sterile , with concrete floors and employees in hair nets .
It does n't even smell like cookies , though a fresh batch sits on a tray .
Siegal admits one instance of finding mold — when he changed the recipe to get rid of trans fats .
The problem was quickly rectified , he says .
As the dispute heated up , Moulavi arranged for inspectors to visit the bakery .
Siegal denied them entry , characterizing the " inspection " as a backstabbing ploy .
" Dr. Moulavi made frequent attempts , such as this one , to learn the formulation of Dr. Siegal 's diet cookie , " his lawyers wrote in a complaint .
Sharing it would " jeopardize the confidentiality of his trade secrets . "
Siegal says he has a legal right to keep his formula secret because " our government , in their benevolence " does n't require listing the exact ingredients of foods .
The label on Siegal 's cookies show that water , glycerin , and whole wheat flour are the top three ingredients ; his secret protein blend likely comes from elements listed as " milk protein " and " egg white solids . "
" Imagine if Coca - Cola had to give away their secret formula ! " the doctor says .
" You know , " Moulavi says , sighing over the secrecy , " I 'm not associated with him any more because of stuff like that . "
Moulavi had promised that upon termination of their agreement , he would cease any association with the Siegal diet program .
So he did .
But he still wanted to capitalize on his investment .
By now , " The Cookie Diet " had been featured in hundreds of newspaper articles , many diet websites , and a slew of television news segments .
Dr. Siegal , in his white coat and stethoscope , had even been a subject on Good Morning America .
In January 2007 , after their breakup , an NBC affiliate identified Moulavi as the creator of " The Cookie Diet , " according to court documents .
In the background , eagle - eyed viewers could see a Smart for Life label over the word " Siegal " on the package .
Furthermore , Moulavi advertised his diet using a photo of someone who'd lost weight — on Siegal 's diet .
And on his websites , he planted the words " Siegal " and " cookie diet " as metatags in the source code .
Now it was Siegal 's turn to unleash the lawyers .
In February of 2007 , Siegal filed a federal lawsuit through his company SM Licensing Corporation .
He may never have registered the term " the cookie diet , " he argued , but he owned it as a common - law trademark based on having invented the diet more than 30 years earlier .
Furthermore he claimed that Moulavi 's website amounted to " cyberpiracy . "
Siegal , the complaint alleged , had suffered " serious and irreparable harm . "
Moulavi claimed he had registered the trademark fair and square .
Now that he and Siegal had split , his marketing efforts had basically gone to waste , he said .
And it cost him $ 4,000 apiece to change the signage and get Siegal 's name off each of his franchises .
In July 2007 , a judge ordered a preliminary injunction granting Siegal the rights to the term " the cookie diet . "
Moulavi balked and was set to appeal .
The pair was ordered to mediation .
Neither side will divulge the exact terms of the agreement they finally hashed out , but each is claiming victory .
In addition to selling cookies at his practice , Dr. Siegal sells them online ( at CookieDiet.com ) and in malls from here to Arizona to New Jersey .
In fact , he says , his kiosk in the Boca Mall is the highest - grossing kiosk in the nationwide chain of Simon Property Group malls .
Siegal says he was practically forced to compete with Moulavi because " we had drummed up production to tremendous volumes , " and he needed an outlet for all the cookies .
He says he 's having fun with his newfound role as a businessman .
" Let 's face it , the cookie diet is going to be my legacy , " he wrote in a press release .
Moulavi now calls his program " The Smart for Life Cookie Diet . "
He won custody of www.TheCookieDiet.com.
He touts no secret recipe , saying his cookies are organic , made by professionals at Harlan Bakeries .
His stealth marketing skills are apparent : Radio DJs tout the diet , and a Sun-Sentinel writer recently blogged about using Smart for Life to lose weight for her wedding .
At last count , Moulavi was running 42 franchises .
Although he says he still respects Dr. Siegal , Moulavi scoffs at his thinking .
" It 's like saying ' I 'm the first guy who invented a car . '
Well , I came up with the Lexus .
And I 'd rather drive a Lexus than a Model T Ford . "
" He went his way and I went mine , " Moulavi says now .
" Time will tell who 's right . "
Both doctors say they are too tired of battling each other to be concerned with newer competitors .
But they 'd better watch out :
The Hollywood Cookie Diet , recently featured in various celebrity magazines , is on the rise .
A box of 12 retails for $ 19.99 .
Meanwhile , Dr. Siegal 's cookies cost $ 56 for a one - week supply .
Smart for Life offers a two - week program for $ 129 .
Pop into either doctor 's office on any given day and you 'll find their waiting rooms full — of chubby folks , not - so - chubby folks , even weightlifters getting ready to compete .
You could say that the personal relationship may have crumbled , but in the end , they might both be rolling in dough .
( CNN ) -- Sen. Barack Obama said that Democrats will know their presidential nominee after the final two primary states vote next week -- and that in his view , the general election campaign officially will begin .
Sen .
Barack Obama says remaining superdelegates likely will make their decisons quickly after next week 's contests .
" After Tuesday , we will [ have a clear idea ] .
I think Saturday will be important , put the Michigan - Florida issue behind us , " Obama said Wednesday on a flight from Denver , Colorado , to Chicago , Illinois .
The party 's Rules and Bylaws Committee meets this weekend to consider what to do about delegations from Florida and Michigan , which broke ranks to hold primaries earlier than party rules allowed .
" We 've got three contests in succession .
And at that point , all the information will be in , " Obama said , referring to Sunday 's vote in Puerto Rico and Tuesday 's primaries in Montana and South Dakota .
" I suspect that you know whatever remaining superdelegates will make their decisions pretty quickly after that . "
By most tangible measures , the general election fight between Obama and the presumptive Republican nominee , Sen. John McCain , has begun .
The two men and their campaigns tangle almost daily over issues of policy , politics and character , in which Sen.
Hillary Clinton does not rate a mention .
The Republican National Committee has focused its full firepower on Obama for months , and this week , its Democratic counterpart took on McCain after his team accused Obama of campaign trail gaffes and distortions .
And the Obama campaign , unlike Clinton's , has embarked on the first stages of an ambitious strategy for the general election : going on a hiring spree with an eye toward a national campaign infrastructure , launching a massive 50 - state voter registration drive , and regularly sending the senator from Illinois to crucial fall swing states that have held presidential primaries .
Obama returned home to Chicago from Denver late Wednesday after a three - day campaign swing in New Mexico , Nevada and Colorado .
Those are all considered battleground or swing states up for grabs in November .
Obama said that the date when he would be able to claim the nomination depends on the Democratic National Committee 's Saturday decision on the seating of the Florida and Michigan delegations -- but that once he claims the required number of delegates , he will be the winner .
CNN.com / Live will stream live coverage of the meeting from start to finish on Saturday .
By CNN 's count , Obama is 48 delegates shy of the 2,026 needed to clinch the Democratic presidential nomination and 198 delegates ahead of Clinton .
Should the rules committee decide to seat those additional delegates , the number required for the nomination would rise to reflect that fact .
Asked whether the general election campaign officially starts after next Tuesday 's votes , he said it did .
" I am sure we will have discussions with Sen. Clinton and her team .
...
It is technically not over until we have the number of delegates that are needed to secure the nomination , " he said .
" Once we have that number , then we 'll focus on the general election . "
Clinton seemed to sound a note of resignation on her campaign plane as she made her way to Sioux Falls , South Dakota .
" You know , I feel so good about the process .
I feel that this has been a really positive , productive primary season in so many ways , " she said .
" And , you know , I put some of that in the memo [ sent to superdelegates Wednesday ] , about the numbers of people that have been brought in . "
Two members of the Rules and Bylaws Committee said Wednesday that Michigan and Florida probably will be restored to half their original delegate strength .
Together , Michigan and Florida have 368 delegates .
Clinton and her supporters have pressed for a compromise that seats as many delegates from the two states as possible .
Watch more on the Democrats ' dilemma »
" There is one number that we are going to be satisfied with , and that is 2.3 million people having their votes counted , " Clinton supporter and rules committee member Tina Flournoy said Wednesday .
About 600,000 people voted in Michigan and about 1.7 million in Florida .
The DNC stripped the two states of delegates for violating party rules by scheduling their primaries too early in the cycle .
Both candidates agreed not to campaign in the two states , and Obama 's name did not even appear on Michigan 's ballot .
Clinton won both January primaries .
Watch Clinton say she 's the best candidate to beat McCain »
The Obama campaign has said it is willing to concede an advantage to Clinton on how Michigan and Florida delegates are seated , portraying its position as a gesture to party unity .
Several lawsuits have been filed to force the seating of the full Florida delegation , so far unsuccessfully .
" Any compromise is going to benefit Sen. Clinton , " Obama strategist David Plouffe said Wednesday .
" We 're hoping there can be some reasonable resolution on Saturday that can allow us to move to the general election . "
Obama downplayed concerns over legal action and other lingering legacies of a bitterly contested campaign , saying Wednesday that a contentious convention was " true of every convention " and " fairly standard fare . "
" If we 've got the number of delegates to secure the nomination , then I 'm the nominee .
If we 're short of that , then we 'll have more work to do .
But once we achieve it , then I think we 'll be the nominee , " Obama said .
" We are only a few days away .
We have waited this long .
We can wait a while longer . "
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi signaled increasing willingness to use her influence to end uncertainty over the nomination well before the national convention in August .
Pelosi told the San Francisco Chronicle on Wednesday that she expects the nominee to be settled in the week following the final primaries .
But she told the newspaper that if the nominee is still in question by the end of June , she " will step in " to halt the standoff .
CNN 's Paul Steinhauser and Ed Hornick contributed to this report .
All About Democratic National Committee • U.S. Presidential Election • Barack Obama
In commodity markets , it ’s not uncommon for high demand to cause sharp increases in prices ; on short notice , it ’s often hard to match the new demand with more supply .
The question is whether supply , and trade , can grow to offset market tightness .
Image Filipino port workers unload sacks of rice imported from Vietnam to be distributed by the National Food Authority .
Credit ... Alanah Torralba / European Pressphoto Agency
Restrictions on the rice trade run the risk of making shortages and high prices permanent .
Export restrictions treat rice trade and production as a zero - or negative - sum game where one country ’s gain comes at the expense of another .
That ’s hardly the best way to move forward in a rapidly growing world economy .
This lack of support for trade reflects a broader and disturbing trend .
An increasing percentage of the world ’s production , including that for agriculture , comes from poor countries .
Over all , that ’s good for rich countries , which can focus on creating other goods and services , and for the poor countries , which are producing more wealth .
But it can slow the speed of adjustment to changing global conditions .
For example , if demand for rice rises , Vietnamese farmers  who remain shackled by many longstanding regulations of communism  are n’t always able to respond quickly .
They do n’t even have complete freedom to ship and trade rice within their own country .
Poorer countries also tend to be the most protectionist .
To make matters worse , about half of the global rice trade is run by politicized state trading boards .
The reality is that many of today ’s commodity shortages , including that for oil , occur because ever more production and trade take place in relatively inefficient and inflexible countries .
We ’re accustomed to the response times of Silicon Valley , but when it comes to commodities production , many of the relevant institutions abroad have only one foot in the modern age .
In other words , the world ’s commodities table is very far from flat .
Many poor countries , including some in Africa , could be growing much more rice than they do now .
The major culprits include corruption in the rice supply chain , poorly conceived irrigation systems , terrible or even nonexistent roads , insecure property rights , ill - considered land reforms , and price controls on rice .
This blog is dedicated to the Public Domain .
A federal judge has just set the rate to be paid for a blanket music license by Yahoo , AOL , and RealNetworks .
The three companies could owe songwriters as much as $ 100 million over seven years as payment for streaming their songs on the web .
As the Rolling Stones once noted , " You ca n't always get what you want , " but the songwriters seem to done have all right for themselves this time around .
Webcasting on trial
When it comes to the byzantine world of music licensing , one key thing to remember is that songs are licensed by two separate parties : songwriters ( and their music publishers ) and recording artists ( and their labels ) .
Last year 's controversy over webcasting rates focused on rates to be paid to SoundExchange , which represents the label side of the equation , but songwriters have also been agitated about their pay when it comes to Internet streaming .
ASCAP , one of the three main performing rights organizations in the US , represents songwriters and has been caught up in a court case with AOL , Yahoo , and RealNetworks over the proper payments each should make for a blanket license to stream music on the web .
This is complicated stuff .
What rate should apply to on - demand streaming and what rate to non-interactive Internet radio ?
What should songwriters get when music videos are shown ?
What about when music is used in news and sports programming streamed online ?
Et cetera .
A New York federal judge had the unenviable task of wading through the arguments , the proposals , and the counterproposals from the two sides and hashing out a formula that is fair to each ; the fact that US District Judge William Conner needed a 153 - page ruling ( PDF ) to do so hints at the difficulties here .
War of the proposals
ASCAP proposed a simple formula that applies a 3 percent rate to each streaming company 's music revenues .
The webcasters proposed a far more complicated formula involving five " buckets " of content and different fee rates for each one .
On - demand streams would be worth 2.5 percent of revenues , for instance , while music videos would only give the songwriters 0.9 percent of revenue .
The webcasters also object to the way that ASCAP would calculate " revenue , " saying that it would include all sorts of things that have nothing to do with streaming music .
Judge Conner , obviously frustrated with this argument , noted that the " much - repeated contention stubbornly ignores the fact that ASCAP starts with a net revenue of only the business units that perform music . "
ASCAP has its own worries that the complexity of the webcaster revenue proposals would make the numbers difficult to verify and open to manipulation .
The differences between the two proposals all sound faintly academic until you look at the actual payments that webcasters would have to make , based on their 2006 revenues .
In the chart below , ASCAP 's proposal is shown in orange and the webcasters ' is shown in green , and the two are n't even within shouting distance .
The decision
In the end , the judge allowed ASCAP to use its formula for calculating revenues , but he took a look at other market agreements in setting the rate and determined that 3 percent was a number without precedent .
" After consideration of all the factors discussed above , " he concludes , " the Court finds that a flat fee of 2.5 percent of Applicants ' music - use - adjusted revenue is reasonable . "
You can see the results of this decision on the chart above .
The decision is particularly significant because it is retroactive , covering a period that goes all the way back to July 1 , 2002 ( and will continue through the end of 2009 ) .
In a statement praising the decision , ASCAP noted that this could mean a $ 100 million payout from the three companies across all seven years of the blanket licensing .
If anyone continues to think that webcasting is still a niche business with no revenues , this ruling should show just how much money exists in the current market .
" It is critical that these organizations share a reasonable portion of their sizable revenues with those of us whose content attracts audiences and , ultimately , helps to make their businesses viable , " said ASCAP President Marilyn Bergman .
" This decision will go a long way toward protecting the ability of songwriters and composers to be compensated fairly as the use of musical works online continues to grow . "
Old media is starting to get the fact that " new media " could quickly become a major revenue source .
We saw the same contentious debate in the writers ' strike earlier this year that sought higher payments for content delivered on the web , and ASCAP does n't want to be left behind .
In a newly - unveiled Bill of Rights , the group asserted last month that , among other things , its members have the following rights :
We have the right to choose when and where our creative works may be used for free
We have the right to develop , document and distribute our works through new media channels — while retaining the right to a share in all associated profits
We have the right to earn compensation from all types of " performances , " including direct , live renditions as well as indirect recordings , broadcasts , digital streams and more
Judge Conner 's ruling will no doubt help songwriters feel better about all those digital streams and their associated profits , now that more of the cash will end up in songwriters ' pockets .
The pay equity gap between men and women in Australia will not close until women are prepared to work longer hours , an academic says .
Social researcher for the University of Melbourne Mark Wooden said men were earning on average 15 per cent more than women because they put in more time at the workplace .
" All high achievers in all walks of life ... put in long hours into their activity , " Professor Wooden said .
World 's most advanced puzzle website launched by Conceptis
Leading logic puzzle supplier Conceptis announces a new website today dedicated to logic puzzle enthusiasts .
Promised to be the most advanced puzzle website ever created , conceptispuzzles.com aims to change everything about how we play logic puzzles on the Internet .
The site was designed with the sole intention of providing exceptional puzzling experience .
Both newcomers who have no idea what logic puzzles are about as well as experienced " beyond Sudoku " puzzlers who seek new challenges and varieties will enjoy the range of puzzles and features .
The site includes Sudoku , Kakuro , Battleships , Hitori , Slitherlink , Hashi , Pic - a - Pix , Link - a - Pix , Fill - a - Pix , Maze - a - Pix and Dot - a - Pix puzzles in dozens of variants and hundreds of models .
All puzzles are playable interactively and printable online , providing a content and gaming platform which is by far the most advanced of its kind in the world .
Simple logic puzzle syndication
Are you an avid Sudoku fan ?
Conceptispuzzles.com is the only place where you can interactively play and print 9 Sudoku variants ; Classic Sudoku ; Mini Sudoku ; Mega Sudoku ; Diagonal Sudoku ; Irregular Sudoku ; Sum Sudoku ; Multi Sudoku with many hybrids ; OddEven Sudoku and Picture Sudoku .
All Sudoku variants , as well as all other interactive puzzles on this website , are played on the same gaming platform offering the friendliest and most inviting puzzling environment possible .
The site was also designed to provide simple logic puzzle syndication .
By adding a short piece of code , any website or blog can now offer a selection of puzzle broadcasting channels which are updated daily or weekly by Conceptis .
Everything about conceptispuzzles.com says " puzzles " and just about anything you see is “ made of ” puzzles .
For example , when saving a puzzle the thumbnail image will automatically update to show the current state of the solution .
Even some parts of the layout design , as you will find out after taking a closer look , will turn out to be playable puzzles .
Related resources
Like and share
In a previous life , I reviewed videogames for a living .
As jobs go , it was a curate 's egg .
On the one hand , I could legitimately sit around playing games until three in the morning without feeling guilty - even if I was n't specifically reviewing whatever I was currently playing , it all provided useful background knowledge .
It never felt like work .
But on the other hand , whenever I told people what I did , they pulled pained , sympathetic expressions and automatically began treating me like some kind of adult baby , as though I 'd suddenly started wheeling myself around the room on an undersized tricycle , gurgling and suckling on a dummy .
Because games are for kids , right ?
So I was essentially a grown man reviewing Mr Men books , yeah ?
And when I was n't viewed as a child , I was viewed as a nerd .
How sad my little interests were .
How dorky .
It was bad enough enjoying the damn things but , being a games journalist , I took things one stage further by developing some understanding of how they were actually constructed .
I might look at a new release and be impressed by the polygon count or the draw distance .
Apparently this made me a tedious loser , because society decrees anyone who knows anything whatsoever about computers to be a boring idiot , while those possessing a similar level of nerd - knowledge of football or cinema or food are well - informed and sophisticated and sexually attractive and cool .
I did n't realise it at the time , but being a games journo in the 1990s meant I was on hand to witness the birth of several landmark cultural icons first - hand .
For instance , back in 1995 I visited the studios of Core Design in Derby to report on the development of a new game starring a female explorer called Lara Croft .
Tomb Raider was still in a rough - and - ready state - Lara was running through a grey landscape of textureless polygons - but it was clear this was going to be massive ; she already had character .
A year later , I travelled to Dundee to drop in on a company called DMA Design , previously responsible for the popular strategy / puzzle game Lemmings .
They were working on a new title partly inspired by a ZX Spectrum game called Turbo Esprit .
Turbo Esprit came out when I was 15 ; I loved it .
You had to drive around a city ( in a Lotus Esprit Turbo , naturally ) seeking out criminals .
What made it unique was the sense that the city you were driving through actually " worked " .
There were traffic lights and petrol stations , roadworks and one - way streets .
It was way ahead of its time .
DMA Design 's new game featured an even more sophisticated city , with pedestrians and fire engines and its own police force .
You could walk around it on foot , committing crimes , pinching vehicles and trying to evade the law .
It was called Grand Theft Auto .
It looked very different to the GTA millions know and love / hate today : it was all viewed from overhead , and featured simple " retro " graphics .
But it was great .
I gave it a rave review , calling it " the gaming equivalent of a smack in the mouth " .
" Give us a sequel with polygons and cars that flip over , " I squealed .
Years later , they did .
GTA IV is its latest incarnation .
In its first week of release , it made around $ 500 m .
It 's been rightly , and widely , proclaimed a masterpiece .
And it is - at least technically .
As far as the script and storyline goes , it tries so hard to appear " adult " , it winds up looking downright adolescent .
The bad guys are implausibly amoral , everyone shouts " fuck " every two seconds , and the women are little more than haircuts and orifices .
In other words , it 's like almost any Hollywood action film you care to mention .
But if you can ignore that , there 's a wealth of incredible detail and some surprising moments of satire .
For example , Liberty City has its own TV networks , which you can sit down and watch if the mood takes you .
One channel , Weazel , is a thinly - veiled parody of Fox that features shows such as Republican Space Rangers ( a fascistic cartoon in which dimwitted right - wing hicks roam the galaxy exterminating peaceful life forms ) and the brashly titled Vinewood Cunts ( a reality show about Paris Hilton types ) .
And yes , they use the C - word right there in the game , in the gravelly voiceover for the virtual trailer you watch on the virtual TV in your virtual apartment in the virtual city teeming with virtual life .
I do n't know quite why , but this really leapt out at me .
I do n't think I 've ever heard the word in a game before .
Never mind the polygon count - that 's genuine progress .
The one thing everyone knows about Grand Theft Auto is that you can kill prostitutes in it .
That 's because it's a " sandbox " game in which you can kill anyone you like .
Or you can not kill them .
Or you can simply drive around slowly , obeying the traffic lights .
If you break the law and the in - game police spot you , they 'll hunt you down and nab you .
Murdering innocent people is neither a ) encouraged , b ) free of consequence , or c ) any more realistic than a Tex Avery cartoon .
Nonetheless , Keith Vaz MP is probably standing on his roof screaming for a ban right now , confidently telling the world 's press that Grand Theft Auto IV is a dedicated , ultra-realistic prostitute - murdering simulator aimed exclusively at easily corruptible three - year - olds .
He means well , possibly .
But he 's ignorant .
The irony is that every time I read some dumb anti-gaming proclamation by Vaz and co , I get so angry I have to fire up GTA IV and shoot 29 pedestrians in the face just to vent the frustration they 've caused .
Thank God these games exist , or I would be taking it out on real people .
· This week Charlie speculated offensively and at great length about the Josef Fritzl family - in - the - basement case , none of which can be repeated here .
He read The Suspicions of Mr Whicher by Kate Summerscale : " I highly recommend it . "
In the course of researching and keeping up with news about the rape of ‘ Abir Hamzah , I have come across information and photos about , and which appear to be of , U.S. soldiers in uniform raping Iraqi women .
From what information I have been able to glean and gather , some of these photos were at one point posted on an internet porn site called “ Iraqbabes , ” where they were described as actual photos of Iraqi women being raped by U.S. soldiers .
U.S. pro-war , patriotic websites and commentators then said the photos were staged and fake because they appeared on a porn site .
The porn site no longer exists .
But the photos are still out there , and some appear on , in my opinion , reputable sites , including the Universal Society of Friends site , a non-profit neo - Quaker site “ dedicated to social and environmental justice , the prevention of war , and the advancement of human rights for all people everywhere . ”
This site posts the photos and asks us to decide for ourselves whether the photos are real .
We know that pornography has been made of actual rapes during war time ; most recently , this happened in the the war in the former Yugoslavia .
Not so long ago the U.S. military launched an investigation into reports that U.S. troops were exchanging gory photos of Iraqis who had been killed for access to a porn site featuring , again , what purported to be photos of U.S. troops raping Iraqi women .
The military investigators reported they found “ no evidence a felony ” had been committed .
Following are a couple of photos taken from the Universal Society of Friends site .
With the USF , I ask you to decide for yourself whether these photos are real or staged .
This is one of the many horrors of our porn culture : all that has to be done in order to make a rape not “ real , ” not “ actual , ” is turn it into porn .
If it is pornography , then it must be harmless “ fantasy . ”
I am posting these photos not only to invite readers to decide for yourselves , but also to challenge this idea that what that 21 - year - old soldier has confessed to is an anomaly , is a result of his personality disorder , is an isolated instance .
Having made myself a student of the atrocities and rapes for genocide in Croatia , in Bosnia Hercogovina , I will never , so help me goddess , be any part of any erasure of the rapes of any women , anywhere , including during wartime .
If I hear of them , learn of them , if women speak of them , then I will speak of them , no matter who is trying to shut them up , defend those who have violated them , cover up what has happened to them .
Haifa Zangana , a writer and former prisoner of Saddam Hussein ’s regime , wrote in an article this week entitled All Iraq is Abu Ghraib .
It was published in the Guardian .
She said :
Immunity from prosecution under Iraqi or international law is the main fact of the occupation and renders laughable any claims of sovereignty .
It is based on UN security council resolution 1546 and the accompanying exchange of letters between Iraqi and American authorities .
This immunity applies equally to the marine units accused of roaming our streets high on drugs and to advisers running ministries , to prison guards , security guards , multinational forces and corporate contractors of all kinds .
The Iraqi women ’s ordeal began the moment occupation forces descended upon them .
Most arrests and raids take place after midnight .
In some neighborhoods , women now sleep fully dressed so as not to be caught in their nightgowns .
Armoured cars and helicopters are sometimes deployed in raids , in a variant on “ shock and awe ” .
Troops force women and children to watch as they deliberately humiliate their husbands , sons or fathers , and sometimes order them to take pictures with US soldiers ’ cameras .
Money and jewellery are taken .
Are these “ terrorist assets confiscated ” or spoils of war ?
Random arrests , rapes and killings by the occupation forces continue under the so - called “ national unity government ” , which renewed their mandate and immunity while at the same time talking of a “ national reconciliation initiative ” .
… On occasion , Iraqi collaborators joined in .
On April 18 2004 , the ministry of interior chief , Ahmed Youssef , issued a statement denying maltreatment of female detainees .
He said : “ We are Muslims .
We know very well how to treat our female detainees . ”
As if violence against women were not a universal crime .
… A report published by the Iraqi National Association for Human Rights on October 29 2005 found that women held in interior ministry detention centres are subject to numerous human rights violations , including “ systematic rape by the investigators and … other forms of bodily harm in order to coerce them into making confessions ” .
The report added that prisons fail to meet even the most basic standards of hygiene , and that the women were deprived of facilities as fundamental as toilets .
The ministry of justice has confirmed the accuracy of the report .
… There will be no end to these violations as long as Iraq remains occupied by forces that enjoy immunity from prosecution under Iraqi law and as long as the occupation authorities continue to treat Iraqi citizens with racist contempt in order to feel better about plundering the nation ’s wealth and depriving its people of their most fundamental rights under international law and human rights conventions .
The Iraqi puppet regime ’s promises and US investigations of the “ personality disorders ” of their soldiers and the “ few bad apples ” are irrelevant for Iraqis : for them , the Anglo - American occupation means destruction , rape and pillage .
I believe Haifa Zangana .
And I think the photos below , from the Universal Society of Friends site and before that , from the “ Iraqbabes ” site , depict actual rapes .
I am posting them not only because I think they speak for themselves and speak the truth about whether or not rape by U.S. troops is an anomaly in Iraq , but also because I worry that sites which have posted these photos may disappear , and with them , the evidence of these crimes against women and against all humanity .
Goddess help you and deal justice to you , and quickly , should you view these photos with anything other than horror , revulsion , grief , and outrage .
Goddess help you , and get help , you are a dangerous person .
Heart , devastated and heartsick
WHILE your I.Q. is basically determined at birth , Wired says , “ still , there are lots of ways to get smarter  to max out your so - called functional intelligence ” at work and elsewhere .
These are among the ways listed :
¶ Discover .
“ Learning new things actually strengthens your brain  especially when you believe you can learn new things , ” Steve Knopper writes .
“ It ’s a virtuous circle :
When you think you ’re getting smarter , you study harder , making more nerve cell connections , which , ” he says , makes you smarter .
¶ Do n’t panic .
“ While a little nervousness can boost cognitive performance , periods of intense stress essentially turn us into Neanderthals , ” Eric Hagerman writes .
Try to control your breathing .
Yoga could help .
¶ Drink tea .
“ Caffeine jump - starts the body and sharpens the mind , ” Mathew Honan says .
“ But studies show that we Yanks are doing it all wrong ” by drinking coffee and high - energy drinks .
“ For optimal brain gain , regular tea breaks ” are the way to go , he writes .
Small doses throughout the day are more effective than one huge drink .
Barack Obama stepped to the brink of victory in the Democratic presidential race today , defeating Hillary Clinton in the Oregon primary and moving within 100 delegates of the total needed to claim the prize at the party convention this summer .
However , the night 's results were again a mixed bag with his opponent Hillary Clinton winning Kentucky by a wide margin .
" It 's clear that tonight we have reached a major milestone on this journey , " Mr Obama said in an email sent to supporters even as the polls were closing in Oregon on the West Coast .
" We have won an absolute majority of all the delegates chosen by the people in this Democratic primary process . "
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
With only three more contests to go , time is running out for Mrs Clinton .
While her victory in Kentucky was overwhelming - beating Mr Obama by a margin of 65 per cent to 30 per cent - she still has n't pulled off an upset win that might have attracted remaining uncommitted superdelegates to her side .
Indeed in recent weeks and days , the flow of superdelegates has been lopsided in Mr Obama 's favour .
Today , Mr Obama will underline at an arena rally in Tampa , Florida , his achievement in amassing a majority of so - called pledged delegates , those who are apportioned according to results through the whole caucus and primary process .
It will be his first visit to Florida , which , like Michigan , has been disqualified from affecting the nomination race because it broke party rules by voting too early .
Mrs Clinton , by contrast , will use her huge Kentucky win to make the case that she can stay in the race until the last contests on 3 June in Montana and South Dakota .
Speculation is mounting that she is positioning herself effectively to force Mr Obama to give her the vice presidential spot on his ticket .
Certainly there is almost no scenario left for her to win the nomination .
Mr Obama needed only to pick up seventeen new delegates last night to secure a majority of pledged delegates .
He did n't quite get them in Kentucky , but Oregon quickly put him over the top .
He still needs the help of superdelegates , but he is clearly within striking distance of passing the magic mark of 2,026 formally to clinch the crown .
Mr Obama celebrated with supporters last night in Iowa , where he scored his first big win back in January .
" We have returned to Iowa with a majority of delegates elected by the American people , " he told a cheering crowd in front of the State Capitol in Des Moines , " and you have put us within reach of the Democratic nomination for president of the United States of America . "
Mrs Clinton took the microphone in Kentucky as the sheer size of her win there became apparent .
Her message was directed as much at uncommitted superdelegates as at the people in the room .
" The stakes are high , " she said .
" After all this country has been through over the past seven years , we have to get this right .
We have to select a nominee who is best positioned to win in November . "
The former first lady is also counting on a meeting of the party 's rules committee at the next weekend to reconsider the punishment dealt to Florida and Michigan .
While some kind of compromise is likely to lengthen that goal - post number of 2,026 , it may do little to help her in the long run .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
Indeed , despite crushing her opponent in Kentucky and last week in West Virginia , Mrs Clinton finds herself derided by sections of the media as " delusional " , politely spoken of in the past tense by her rival and completely ignored by the Republican candidate , John McCain .
With the writing on the wall for Mrs Clinton 's presidential hopes , she has been complaining about the " sexist " treatment she has endured from the pundits , the media and from others throughout the long and gruelling campaign .
" It 's been deeply offensive to millions of women , " Mrs Clinton told The Washington Post .
" I believe this campaign has been a groundbreaker in a lot of ways .
But it certainly has been challenging given some of the attitudes in the press , and I regret that , because I think it 's been really not worthy of the seriousness of the campaign and the historical nature of the two candidacies we have here . "
Mrs Clinton continues to make the case that she has the best chance of winning the presidency in November .
Speaking at the high school here in the actor George Clooney 's Kentucky birthplace , she shouted to her supporters that " this race is far from over !... I'm going to make my case and I 'm going to make it until there 's a nominee , and we 're not going to have one today and we 're not going to have one tomorrow and we 're not going to have one the next day . "
Even if the Kentucky and Oregon results deliver Mr Obama one unassailable measure of popular support : the majority of the delegates from the primaries and caucuses , he does not want to be attacked for pushing Mrs Clinton out of the race and has ordered his staff not to use the opportunity to proclaim victory .
Yet his camp will be hoping today that scoring that majority of elected delegates should create a flood of superdelegates – select Democratic Party officials – to Mr Obama 's side and in effect hand him the nomination .
But to win the presidency he also needs the backing of Mrs Clinton 's supporters , especially the white working - class voters who abruptly turned against him when the controversy erupted over his pastor Jeremiah Wright , whose criticisms of America jarred with the flag - waving patriotism of many voters .
For rolling comment on the US election visit : independent.co.uk/campaign08
Last January we saw tech conglomerate VIA announce its line of Isaiah processors .
These clever chips were designed to revolutionize mobile computing through a mix of lightning fast computing speeds and low power consumption .
Today it has announced a new processor family and dubbed it Nano .
Guess what kind of computers the processors are designed for ?
The very first 64 - bit superscalars and speculative out - of - order processors ever made by the Bejing Taipei based company should provide owners of ultraportables some insane boosts in performance and function .
Now you 're probably wondering why you should care .
Imagine now if you would , an utraportable computer like say , the Asus Eee PC .
Small computer , great cost , performs reasonably well ... for something of that size .
Now imagine the same computer with VIA 's Nano processor .
Now the computer is running Photoshop without a hiccup .
Now the computer is playing Blu-ray movies without a snag .
Now the computer is running Crysis at a frame rate that 's actually playable .
The new Nano processors will run up to four times faster yet consume the same amount of power as the Isaiah chipsets VIA currently offers .
The Lab can't wait to get ahold of a super small lappy running one of these processors inside .
Imagine , fragging fools in Crysis on a new OLPC .
Ah , the dreams of geeks .
A couple of things make Iron Man different to your regular comic - book superhero movie .
First , there is the hero himself , Tony Stark , a scientific genius who for once is not the timid or bespectacled geek we are used to in Hollywood , but is charismatic , confident , and a hit with the ladies .
Stark is played by Robert Downey Jr , and we think he deserves to go in any list of the top 10 coolest fictional scientists
Advertisement
But it is the technology that Stark uses to turn himself into Iron Man that gets us going .
The tech in the movie is probably more firmly rooted in reality than you might think – unless , that is , you are a regular New Scientist reader .
We have spotted at least five classes of tech in the movie that we have written about before .
So , for those keen to find more about the real science behind the fictional Iron Man , read on
Superhero skin
Stark is a brilliant engineer who has made billions from building weapons .
Kidnapped in Afghanistan , he questions his life , and resolves to put his genius to better use : to protecting rather than destroying .
To that end , he builds himself a suit of armour that gives him superhuman powers .
Watch a short excerpt from the film showing the suit ’s capabilities
No such suit exists – yet .
The leg sections of a wearable exoskeleton have been built , however .
This contraption does not yet give the wearer added strength , but it does make the backpack they are carrying feel lighter , by transferring its weight to the ground .
This can makes a 36 - kilogram ( 79 - pound ) load feel about 80 % lighter .
Other teams are building similar suits , and a Japanese company plans to sell one later this year .
Flying machines
Of course , the coolest thing about Stark ’s suit is not its strength but its ability to fly .
In the film , Stark zooms to Afghanistan , just in the nick of time to stop warlords killing a group of poor villagers .
It could n’t reach Afghanistan , perhaps , but SoloTrek was a flying exoskeleton that was apparently capable of travelling more than 200 kilometres .
( The project shut down after a crash in 2002 . )
Danger and possible financial ruin has n’t put everyone off .
UK inventor and pilot Stuart Ross reckons his Rocketbelt packs enough power to lift him 2500 metres in the air and plans to test fly the latest model this year .
Friendly bots
In the movie , Stark has a friendly robot to help him build his armour .
It looks too clever to be true , but in fact it is highly reminiscent of AUR .
Built last year by MIT scientists , AUR is a robotic desk lamp that calculates where you are looking and moves its flexible neck to shine light on that spot .
And while Stark ’s robotic helper does n’t always correctly guess what he wants , as real - world software grows evermore sophisticated , it too is making the same mistakes humans do .
In the great tradition of robots in movies , Stark forms emotional bonds with his .
At one point , his assistant Pepper ( Gwyneth Paltrow ) catches him in what looks like a compromising position with his robots ( “ Let ’s face it , this is n’t the worst thing you ’ve walked in on me doing , ” says Stark ) .
Will humans and robots ever have relationships like this ?
It ’s certainly something NASA is trying to figure out .
Should robots be better tools or better teammates ?
Owners of the robotic vacuum cleaner Roomba seem to think the latter , treating the machine more like part of the family than a tool .
Cunning computing
Moving from robots to software , when Pepper sees a video clip sent by terrorists who have captured Stark , she uses nifty real - time translation program to understand their demands .
The most fashionable way for software right now to learn how to translate is for it to scan through thousands of previously translated documents .
But the approach does n’t always work , with sometimes unfortunate results .
This is just some of the tech used in Iron Man that is rooted in reality .
Others include a 3D tactile interface that Stark uses to design his armour , targeting software that homes in on human heads , and the problem of ice formation when flying .
For the scoop on technology that will no doubt feature in the sequel to Iron Man – you know where to look .
Watch a short excerpt from the film showing the suit ’s capabilities
The Linux folks have their penguin and the BSDers their daemon .
Perl 's got a camel , FSF fans have their gnu and OSI 's got an open - source logo .
What we have n't had , historically , is an emblem that represents the entire hacker community of which all these groups are parts .
This is a proposal that we adopt one — the glider pattern from the Game of Life .
About half the hackers this idea was alpha-tested on instantaneously said " Wow ! Cool ! " without needing any further explanation .
If you do n't know what a glider is , or why it would make a good emblem , or if you 're dubious about having an emblem at all , read the FAQs page .
I first proposed this emblem in October 2003 .
It has since entered fairly widespread use , as you can see by the number of international translations over on the left .
Not universal , because many hackers object on principle to the idea of having an emblem at all , but it appears to be a successful meme .
What will I be saying if I display it ?
When you put the glider emblem on your web page , or wear it on clothing , or display it in some other way , you are visibly associating yourself with the hacker culture .
This is not quite the same thing as claiming to be a hacker yourself — that is a title of honor that generally has to be conferred by others rather than self - assumed .
But by using this emblem , you express sympathy with hackers ' goals , hackers ' values , and the hacker way of living .
See the FAQs page for further discussion .
Yes , as of a mere four days after this proposal was floated , there are mugs and T - shirts .
Please note that I had nothing to do with this and I 'm not getting a cut ; in fact , proceeds are going to the Electronic Frontier Foundation .
Another early merchandiser has vanished but other have filled that gap .
Who should not use this emblem ?
If you think hacking is about breaking into other peoples ' computers , those of us the emblem was invented for do not want you displaying it .
Go invent your own emblem , cracker .
We 'll find some way to shame and reject you publicly if you mess with ours .
I used to have a prohibition against commercial use here .
A number of people have argued convincingly that this is impractical and perhaps unfair .
But keep it tasteful , or you will be flamed .
How can I use it ?
The glider is not copyrighted or trademarked .
The recommended way to use it is on a web page , with an image and a link back to either this page or direct to How To Become A Hacker .
Here is a snippet of XHTML you can paste into a page .
< a href= '
http://www.catb.org/hacker-emblem/'> < img src='http://www.catb.org/hacker-emblem/glider.png' alt = ' hacker emblem ' /></a>
Here 's what it will look like :
Feel free to enlarge or shrink the image .
This PNG file was generated from PIC source and then half - sized .
You can also download an SVG version , an inlineable SVG version , an encapsulated PostScript version , or even T E X source .
Places to buy emblem stuff
I am not affilated with any of these .
They are listed here as a convenience , not as endorsement .
The links may go stale at any time .
Use at your own risk .
Your mileage may vary .
Do not look into laser with remaining eyeball .
Variants :
Before composing your own variant , please read the FAQs page .
Here are some of the ones I 've been sent :
. O. ..O OOO |_|0|_| | _|_|0| | 0|0|0 | . ..:
Here is a karamba theme to display the glider emblem on a KDE desktop .
Here is an ico version , and here is another .
If you name one of these favicon.ico and put it in the document root of your website , it will become your site icon .
These tattoo images ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) are impressive , but perhaps a bit excessive .
Anticipations :
The idea of using Life patterns as an emblem was semi-anticipated by some hackers in Argentina
Known good Cameras
Camera Hacker Notes
Alaris weeCam Mitch White See above RE : filter
Creative NX Pro Moses Holmström
Dexxa Webcam James S A Glover
IBM PC Webcam Jorge Dominguez
The filter is hard to find
IBM PC Webcam Saint Aardvark the Carpeted Excellent name - more info here
ICatch ( VI ) Smidge204
A press fit plastic ring holds the filter
Old Logitech schmu
Logitech Quickcam Zoom Eric Andersen
Sony Eyetoy Reggie Sanderson
Quickcam Express Jerome Another Logitech success ?
Older Philips USB model ( not the sound one ) Lawrence McG
Old Creative Webcam Ken Ralto
See sub page about the filter
Vgear2 Minicam Mick
Nexxtech mini digital camera James Jackson Mini standalone digital camera
Oregon Scientific Flashcam Me Standalone camera .
Had to scrape lens
Logitech Quickcam Chat Lee vonKraus Instructions here .
Trust Spyc@m 100 Jorrit Kronjee
Ge MiniCam Pro. Mack Higgins
Swex New Design Johnny
As mentioned earlier .
DSE ( Dick Smith Electronics ) webcam Paul B
Cool - i-cam ( blue micro edition ) Jared Belkus
Logitech QuickCam Messenger Daniel Nickels
GE HO98064 Richard Lee
Genius VideoCam Look JJ
Philips ToUcam II Artturi Vuorinen a.k.a.
Saipher a.k.a.
Cypher
Micro Innovations Micro Webcam Mobile Brian Shacklett
PC Line PC Cam 300a Kristiaan Davies
Trust spacecam 120 Andreas Gustavsson
Kodak DVC 323 James
Tseng
I believe this is a standalone digicam .
Logitech quickcam messenger Pix
Argos WebCam with Microphone Mark Everingham
Q-TEC 100 USB Peter
Orite MC310 Onur Akgun Scrape the filter off .
GSm@rt A30 Camera Jeremy Shepard
" Was a total pain in the ass . "
ICatch ( VI ) Smidge204
Fuji Finepix 1300 mark hoekstra
Full story here .
Quickcam Pro 4000 Jim Munro
Remove the adjustment lens and push the filter out
Logitech Quickcam Sphere
Called Quickcam Orbit in the US Ramon Very expensive to do this with
Need to cut the filter out
Philips PCVC740K ToUcam Pro Peter Barr
Cameras where only some work
Camera Notes
Logitech QuickCam Express Worked for Brandon H
Cameras known not to work
Camera Hacker Notes
LabTec " Webcam USB PC Camera " Bjoern Wieland Filter is a coating on the sensor package
Creative PC - CAM 600 Ben Bake
Logitech Quickcam Pro 4000 Brian Hansen
Old IBM PC Camera ( older than five years ) Ross Moffett
Trusted content from today ’s top experts
We track the experts on the edges of emerging technology , then share their insights in ways that make it easy for your team to get the most relevant knowledge — and act on it .
So whether they need to quickly grab a line of code to help with a debug , figure out the best way to implement new security trends , or learn how to use the cloud to speed up processing and approval times , there ’s one place to go to easily find the answers .
Secretary of Defense Robert Gates recently returned from the Republic of Korea , where he reaffirmed America ’s commitment to South Korea ’s defense .
Days later the ROK ’s capital of Seoul erupted as tens of thousands of demonstrators protested their government ’s decision to allow the sale of American beef .
Far from bringing harmony to the U.S. - South Korean relationship , President Lee Myung - bak , a conservative who ended a decade of leftist rule , has inadvertently highlighted the alliance ’s essential failings .
Why is Washington keeping nearly 29,000 troops in the South ?
It ’s time to bring them home .
Although a leading exporter , the ROK long has had a protectionist bent .
At some political cost , former president Roh Moo-hyun negotiated a free trade agreement with America , which was subsequently approved by the South Korean National Assembly .
However , the accord stalled in the U.S. after the Democrats won control of Congress , and will be on life support if Sen. Barack Obama wins the presidency .
Washington is reluctant to implement a pact which opens both nations ’ markets even though it was expected to boost commerce by $ 20 billion or more .
Moreover , the U.S. is falling behind its commercial competitors .
The South now trades far more with China than with the U.S. Beijing ’s economic role in South Korea seems only likely to grow : the ROK is geographically close to the People ’s Republic of China and is a far better financial investment than North Korea , which , though a longtime ally to Beijing , remains an economic wreck .
In fact , President Lee visited Beijing in May , where he and Chinese President Hu Jintao announced their intention “ to upgrade ties from a partnership of comprehensive cooperation to a future - oriented strategic partnership . ”
One of their discussion topics was a free trade agreement  which , if negotiated , would be quickly ratified by the PRC , in sharp contrast to the U.S .
Now the beef controversy threatens to throw U.S. - ROK economic relations into reverse .
Seoul banned American beef imports five years ago in the midst of the scare over mad cow disease .
In April the Lee administration agreed to lift the prohibition , triggering a torrent of public criticism .
More than four - fifths of South Koreans opposed their government ’s decision .
So Seoul suspended the new agreement , as agriculture minister Chung Woon - chun announced : “ In response to public safety concerns over U.S. beef , the government has asked the U.S. to stop exports of beef from cattle older than 30 months . ”
President Bush agreed to the South ’s demand , but so restricting American beef imports will be a near impossible sell on Capitol Hill , which insists on reopening South Korea ’s market , once one of the largest for American beef exporters .
Thus , the Korean reversal likely will sink what little chance remains for ratifying the FTA .
The controversy , coming so soon after Secretary Gates ’ trip and promise to “ enhance ” U.S. military capabilities on the peninsula , also could tarnish the spirit of renewed security cooperation between the two governments .
America ’s relationship with the Roh government was frosty at best ; now its successor is tossing overboard one of Washington ’s most important trade objectives .
Moreover , the Lee government likely will be more hesitant to yield to U.S. pressure on other issues in the future .
Ironically , however , by challenging the bilateral relationship , the beef contretemps has had a positive effect .
There is little scientific basis to the popular fears over imported U.S. beef ( which , of course , South Koreans would not have to purchase or eat ) .
The beef has been certified safe by the World Organization for Animal Health .
No one in America has eaten contaminated beef , let alone died of the disease .
Controls over the U.S. beef supply chain were improved after the disease was discovered , satisfying most of the world .
Although some South Koreans nevertheless worry about eating tainted beef , the populist firestorm unleashed by President Lee ’s decision over beef imports reflects much wider discontent in South Korea .
Much of it is directed at President Lee , whose authoritarian management style , a carryover from his time as a leading business executive , has offended the public .
The opposition , successively routed in the December presidential and April legislative elections , hopes to use the controversy to rebound .
President ’s Lee ’s approval ratings have fallen below those of even U.S. President George W. Bush .
Some South Koreans are angry that the Lee government appeared to cave , imposing fewer restrictions on American beef imports than did Japan and Taiwan , which barred older meat .
Little public health purpose is served by the restriction ( younger cattle are thought to be less susceptible to the disease ) , but President Lee was seen as yielding to Washington ’s pressure .
But the issue is not just South Korean pride .
More important , Lee made concessions to America .
It is hard to imagine tens of thousands of demonstrators turning out to protest the importation of beef from Argentina , Australia , or New Zealand .
Critics accuse Lee of becoming what his predecessor rejected : “ A Korean leader kowtowing to the Americans . ”
One South Korean leaflet declared : “ This is a new border for our country .
From here starts the U.S. state of South Korea . ”
Protesters also have compared President Lee to the notorious traitor Lee Wan-yong , the court minister who helped turn imperial Korea into a Japanese colony a century ago .
Choi Jin of Seoul ’s Institute of Presidential Leadership argues that Lee has exhibited too little nationalism , in contrast to President Roh ’s hyper-nationalism .
Although the U.S. saved the ROK from North Korean aggression in 1950 and protected the South throughout the Cold War , allowing it to concentrate on economic growth , U.S. support for various dictatorships soured America ’s reputation with younger South Koreans .
Many have a bizarrely romantic view of the North , claiming to fear Washington more than Pyongyang .
Other South Koreans resent their nation ’s continued dependence on America , and the inevitable costs of hosting nearly 29,000 foreign military personnel .
But as much as they lament the price the ROK pays for Washington ’s defense guarantee , they lobby against any change , evincing an attitude of angry acquiescence .
For instance , as an opposition lawyer , Roh Moo-hyun advocated sending the U.S. troops home .
Yet his government opposed U.S. proposals to draw down force levels .
Still , it sought to adjust the Status of Forces Agreement that governed treatment of U.S. personnel .
Thus , the beef dispute is really a proxy for the mutual defense treaty ’s obsolescence .
During Gates ’ visit , the two governments promised to develop the alliance “ into a 21st Century Strategic Alliance and agreed to exert a joint effort for the creative development of the ROK - U.S. relationship . ”
But what can this mean ?
The alliance has lost any purpose .
The point is not that the South Koreans have dissed America over beef and therefore the U.S. should leave .
Rather , the circumstances in which the alliance was originally created have disappeared .
The mutual defense treaty was a means to protect South Korea and allow it to become self - sufficient .
American policy succeeded .
Preserving the alliance today turns the means into an end , with the U.S. empire - builders attempting to generate new justifications for a security commitment which has fulfilled its ends .
South Korea no longer needs to be defended by Washington .
The South has a vast economic lead over Pyongyang and could devote more than the North ’s entire GDP to the military if it desired to do so .
It ’s hard to imagine any other country attacking the ROK .
Japanese aggression is in the past , Russia is far more interested in Europe and the Caucasus , and China has been historically cautious .
Today ’s revived People ’s Republic of China so far has been assertive , not aggressive , and would have much to lose from attempting to swallow the Korean peninsula .
Nor is it clear why the U,S. should intervene even if another country threatened South Korea .
The Korea peninsula mattered to American security a half century ago because of the Cold War .
In contrast , Washington refused to rescue the Korean monarchy from Japan a half century before that because the peninsula then was strategically irrelevant .
Today the South is far more important to neighboring states like Japan than to the U.S. That Americans prefer the ROK to be prosperous and free is obvious .
That it is worth risking war to guarantee the South Korea ’s prosperity and freedom is not .
Some American policymakers hope to use the South as a launching pad against the PRC should the U.S. and China come to blows .
However , that would be national suicide on Seoul ’s part , even if the allies initially triumphed .
Beijing will almost certainly become a global superpower , and would not soon forget such treachery by a neighbor .
Washington and South Korea have very different interests and perspectives when it comes to China , so that issue cannot provide a new raison d’être for the alliance .
Another refrain is that America ’s military deployments maintain regional stability .
Yet whatever stabilizing effects might result from the American presence are counterbalanced by the threat to entangle the U.S. in regional conflicts of minimal concern to Washington .
History also links the ROK and U.S. , as do the many family ties between the peoples of the two countries .
And the bilateral trading relationship is solid , if not vital .
None of these , however , offer a persuasive reason for providing a defense guarantee to a prosperous and populous state well able to defend itself .
Indeed , South Korea ’s success comes at a time when America is very busy .
The U.S. is overstretched attempting to sustain violent occupations of both Afghanistan and Iraq .
One obvious way to reduce the burden on American military personnel would be to bring home troops from outmoded garrison duty around the globe .
The ROK has established a reputation for chewing up its presidents .
Since the reestablishment of democracy in 1987 , all four presidents have left office in disrepute or even disgrace .
President Lee is continuing the pattern , only public disillusionment has set in more quickly than usual .
However , the latest domestic political crisis in Seoul serves as a reminder that America no longer benefits from its dominant position on the Korean peninsula .
The U.S. has become a target of South as well as North Koreans .
The world has changed .
So should the U.S. - South Korean alliance .
Monopoly allegations against Microsoft go back several years Microsoft has appealed against a 899 m euros ( $ 1.4bn ; £ 680.9 m ) fine given for defying sanctions imposed on it for anti-competitive behaviour .
The penalty - the largest ever from the European Commission - came after it failed to comply with a 2004 ruling that it abused its market position .
The ruling said that Microsoft was guilty of not providing key information on interoperability to rivals .
Microsoft said it was appealing to seek " clarity from the court " .
The Commission said that it was confident the fine was " legally sound " .
Freezing out rivals
The challenge has been lodged with the EU Court of First Instance .
When they handed down the punishment in February , EU regulators said Microsoft was the first to break an EU anti-trust ruling .
DISPUTE TIMELINE
March 2004 : EU fines Microsoft 497 m euros and orders it to release key Windows code to rival software developers September 2004 : Microsoft tries to have the ruling temporarily suspended April 2006 : Microsoft appeals against the ruling in the European Court of First Instance September 2007 : Microsoft loses its appeal February 2008 : EU imposes 899 m euros fine on Microsoft for defying sanctions May 2008 : Microsoft appeals the fine , " seeking clarity "
The fines came on top of earlier fines of 280 m euros imposed in July 2006 , and of 497 m euros in March 2004 .
An investigation concluded in 2004 that Microsoft was guilty of freezing out rivals in products such as media players , while unfairly linking its Internet Explorer browser to its Windows operating system at the expense of rival browsers .
The European Court of First Instance upheld this ruling last year , which ordered Microsoft to pay 497 m euros for abusing its dominant market position .
Earlier this year , Microsoft announced that it would open up the technology of some of its leading software , including Windows , to make it easier to operate with rivals ' products .
Other issues
The firm is still being pursued by Brussels .
Last month , the European Commission launched two new anti-competition investigations against Microsoft into similar issues .
The first will look at whether there are still problems regarding Microsoft 's dominance of the PC software market .
The Commission will also investigate the continued interoperability of Microsoft software with rival products .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
The skies opened Saturday over New York , but not even rain and lightning stopped the street fair at the World Science Festival .
Where else could you see a band called “ The Mathematicians ” playing songs with titles like “ Input , Output ” lyrics about the x axis and the y axis ?
I ’m afraid I ca n’t fully explain the significance of the axes — the lyrics were a little hard to understand — but I liked the music , and I loved the fair .
It was great seeing Washington Square filled with kids dissecting owl pellets , oohing at rocket launches and talking to Lucky , Disney ’s animatronic dinoasaur .
My colleague Patricia Cohen has a report at ArtsBeat on the Disney Imagineering demonstration Saturday .
I can report that my 9 - year - old son , Luke , gave it a rave .
He also enjoyed the show by the “ mathemagician ” Arthur Benjamin , who wowed the audience with mental math — he squared a five - digit number — and he even explained how he did it .
He also revealed a very simple and quick technique to multiply 11 times any two - digit number .
Can any reader tell me a trick for instantly multiplying 72 by 11 ?
( No , you ca n’t use a calculator , and no , it ’s not multiplying 72 by 10 and adding 72 — that ’s too slow . )
My colleague Cornelia Dean attended a session of the festival ominously titled “ The Sixth Extinction . ”
Here ’s her report :
When it comes to homo sapiens , you might expect Richard Leakey to take the long view .
His parents were the famed paleontologists Louis and Mary Leakey and he spent his childhood in Kenya , where they elucidated the early history and antecedents of our species .
Eventually , he became a paleontologist and a conservationist there himself .
But though he can see far back into the human past , Mr. Leakey holds out slim hope for our future .
He hopes humanity survives at least another generation , he told his audience at Miller Theater at Columbia Friday night , because “ I do want my grandchildren to exist . ”
Unfortunately , though , he told his audience , unless things change it would be unwise to bet on the long term survival of our species .
A mass extinction of plants and other animals – the sixth seen on earth — is well under way , he said , with 60 percent or more threatened with extinction within decades .
Such a mass extinction would lead to an ecological collapse , he said .
“ The ability of our species to survive is something we should not take for granted . ”
In fact , he said , “ I do n’t think we can project our species with confidence for 100 years . ”
Another speaker , Bernie Krause , a musician who turned to what he calls bioacoustics , underlined Mr. Leakey ’s gloomy message by playing and analyzing audio clips of birds , animals , insects and even trees he recorded in ecological niches from Borneo to Alaska .
Most of these audio - files could not be duplicated today , he said , because the environments in which they were recorded have been ruined by logging and other human activity .
David Thoreson , a sailor , added photos and stories about his navigation through the Northwest Passage last summer , in an Arctic unusually free of ice .
And the audience saw footage provided by the oceanographer Sylvia Earle showing undersea life threatened by everything from climate related ocean acidification to overfishing .
The unusual – and hopeful– thing , Mr. Leakey said , is that while earlier extinctions were the result of natural conditions or calamities , this wave of extermination is one we brought on ourselves .
Human activity , including the forcing of climate change , is driving this extinction , he said , but if we change our ways , maybe we can turn things around .
If not , well … .
When climate change forced early humans out of Africa , he said , there were hardly any of us .
Today a species of six billion and more , occupying virtually every ecological niche on the planet , cannot simply up sticks and move elsewhere in response to changing conditions .
“ We have to deal with climate change in a different way , ” he said .
If you have any reactions to these warnings — or if you have the instant solution to 11 x 72 — feel free to post a comment .
“ Hello , Internet ! ”
WebKit ’s core JavaScript engine just got a new interpreter , code - named Squirrel Fish .
SquirrelFish is fast — much faster than WebKit ’s previous interpreter .
Check out the numbers .
On the SunSpider JavaScript benchmark , Squirrel Fish is 1.6 times faster than WebKit ’s previous interpreter .
SunSpider runs per minute
Longer bars are better .
What Is Squirrel Fish ?
Squirrel Fish is a register - based , direct - threaded , high - level bytecode engine , with a sliding register window calling convention .
It lazily generates bytecodes from a syntax tree , using a simple one - pass compiler with built - in copy propagation .
Squirrel
Fish owes a lot of its design to some of the latest research in the field of efficient virtual machines , including research done by Professor M. Anton Ertl , et al , Professor David Gregg , et al , and the developers of the Lua programming language .
Some great introductory reading on these topics includes :
I ’ve also pored over stacks of terrible books and papers on these topics .
I ’ll spare you those .
Why It ’s Fast
Like the interpreters for many scripting languages , WebKit ’s previous JavaScript interpreter was a simple syntax tree walker .
To execute a program , it would first parse the program into a tree of statements and expressions .
For example , the expression “ x + y ” might parse to
+ / \ x y
Having created a syntax tree , the interpreter would recursively visit the nodes in the tree , performing their operations and propagating execution state .
This execution model incurred a few types of run -time cost .
First , a syntax tree describes a program ’s grammatical structure , not the operations needed to execute it .
Therefore , during execution , the interpreter would repeatedly visit nodes that did no useful work .
For example , for the block “ { x++ ; } ” , the interpreter would first visit the block node “ {…} ” , which did nothing , and then visit its first child , the increment node “ x++ ” , which incremented x .
Second , even nodes that did useful work were expensive to visit .
Each visit required a virtual function call and return , which meant a couple of indirect memory reads to retrieve the function being called , and two indirect branches — one for the call , and one for the return .
On modern hardware , “ indirect ” is a synonym for “ slow ” , since indirection tends to defeat caching and branch prediction .
Third , to propagate execution state between nodes , the interpreter had to pass around a bunch of data .
For example , when processing a subtree involving a local variable , the interpreter would copy the variable ’s value between all the nodes in the subtree .
So , starting at the “ x ” part of the expression “ f ( ( x ) + 1 ) ” , a variable node “ x ” would return x to a parentheses node “ ( x ) ” , which would return x to a plus node “ ( x ) + 1 ” .
Then , the plus node would return ( x ) + 1 to an argument list node “ ( ( x ) + 1 ) ” , which would copy that value into an argument list object , which , in turn , it would pass to the function node for f .
Sheesh !
In our first rounds of optimization , we squeezed out as much performance as we could without changing this underlying architecture .
Doing so allowed us to regression test each optimization we wrote .
It also set a very high bar for any replacement technology .
Finally , having realized the full potential of the syntax tree architecture , we switched to bytecode .
Squirrel Fish ’s bytecode engine elegantly eliminates almost all of the overhead of a tree - walking interpreter .
First , a bytecode stream exactly describes the operations needed to execute a program .
Compiling to bytecode implicitly strips away irrelevant grammatical structure .
Second , a bytecode dispatch is a single direct memory read , followed by a single indirect branch .
Therefore , executing a bytecode instruction is much faster than visiting a syntax tree node .
Third , with the syntax tree gone , the interpreter no longer needs to propagate execution state between syntax tree nodes .
The bytecode ’s register representation and calling convention work together to produce other speedups , as well .
For example , jumping to the first instruction in a JavaScript function , which used to require two C++ function calls , one of them virtual , now requires just a single bytecode dispatch .
At the same time , the bytecode compiler , which knows how to strip away many forms of intermediate copying , can often arrange to pass arguments to a JavaScript function without any copying .
Just the Beginning
In a typical compiler , conversion to bytecode is just a means to an end , not an end in itself .
The purpose of the conversion is to “ lower ” an abstract tree of grammatical constructs to a concrete vector of execution primitives , the latter form being more amenable to well - known optimization techniques .
Therefore , though we ’re very happy with Squirrel Fish ’s current performance , we also believe that it ’s just the beginning .
Some of the compile - time optimizations we ’re looking at , now that we have a bytecode representation , include :
constant folding
more aggressive copy propagation
type inference — both exact and speculative
specialization based on expression context — especially void and boolean context
peephole optimization
escape analysis
This is an interesting problem space .
Since many scripts on the web are executed once and then thrown away , we need to invent versions of these optimizations that are simple and efficient .
Moreover , since JavaScript is such a dynamic language , we also need to invent versions of these optimizations that are resilient in the context of an unknown environment .
We ’re also looking at further optimizing the virtual machine , including :
constant pool instructions
superinstructions
instructions with implicit register operands
advanced dispatch techniques , like instruction duplication and context threading
getting computed goto working on Windows
Performance on Windows has extra room to grow because the interpreter on Windows is not direct - threaded yet .
In place of computed goto , it uses a switch statement inside a loop .
Getting Involved
If you ’re interested in compilers or virtual machines , this is a great project to join .
We ’re moving quickly , so the best way to come up to speed is to log on to our IRC channel .
As always , testing out nightly builds and reporting bugs is also a great help .
Extra Bonus Updates
We ’ve got some extra bonus info : very early draft documentation of the Squirrel Fish VM ’s opcodes .
For those of you who know about VMs , you may find this enlightening , for those who do n’t , you may find it is simpler than you expect .
In addition , we have a detailed comparison of Safari 3.1 vs. Squirrel Fish , looking at the individual tests , it is interesting to see which sped up the most .
If you look at this comparison to Safari 3.0 , you can see that we ’ve sped up 4.34 x overall since Safari 3 , and have improved some kinds of code by over an order of magnitude .
Squirrel Fish around the web :
There ’s lots of interesting discussion in the reddit article about this post .
And posts from key SquirrelFish developer Cameron Zwarich has performance data and other info , as does occasional WebKit contributor Charles Ying .
「 スペースウォー （Spacewar!）」といえば元祖ハッカーのスクツ*1であるMIT
TMRC（テック模型鉄道クラブ）のひとたちがDEC
PDP-1上で開発した世界初のシューティングゲームであり（最初のバージョンは1962年2月）、のちにW3Cにも深くかかわったアラン・コトック( Alan Kotok）が世界初のジョイスティックを開発したことでも知られる伝説のゲームですが、のちにAT&Tベル研のケン・トンプソン（Ken Thompson）がPDP-7にこのゲームを移植する際に小回りの利くOSとして開発したのがUNICS（＝UNIX）である。
というトリビアをずっと信じてたんだけど、どうやら違うゲームなんですね。Software Design誌のOS特集を読んで、UNIXの前史としてMulticsの話は載ってたけど、ゲームがしたかったからという実にハッカーらしいステキな動機については書かれてなかったので、UNIXといえばSpacewar!だよなーと検索してみたらそれは「 Space Travel」だということがわかったのでメモ代わりにエントリを上げとくです。
詳細 AT&T はMULTICS
の開発が失敗に終わりそうだと見るとすぐに撤退を決めました。しかし、AT&Tから参加していた
Ken は、MULTICS に未練を感じていました。 なぜなら、彼は MULTICS で作成した 「 宇宙旅行ゲー ム( Space Travel ) 」
を非常に気に入っていたのです。MULTICSプロジェクトから撤退してしまった今では、あの面白いゲームが遊ぶことが出来ません。
（宇宙旅行ゲームではなく、宇宙戦争ゲーム( Spacewar!)とする説もあります。しかし、UNIX 開発者の一人、デニス・リッチーのホームページには、問題となるゲームが宇宙旅行ゲームであり、宇宙戦争ゲームとは異なるゲームだとはっきり書かれています。）
OS の登場 # UNIX - 魔法使いの森
UNIX の共同開発者デニス・リッチー （Dennis Ritchie）のサイトにはケン・トンプソンがゲームを開発した経緯についてのドキュメントが公開されていて、その中にはこういう一節があります。
Later we fixed Space Travel so it would run under ( PDP - 7 ) Unix instead of standalone , and did also a very faithful copy of the Spacewar game originally done ( I think ) at MIT on the PDP - 1 , but that was a different game .
（超訳 - あとで 「 Space Travel」をスタンドアローンじゃなくってPDP-7 Unixで動くように直したんだ。んで、MITの「 Spacewar」のすげー忠実なコピーも作ったけど、それは違うゲームだからね）
The Space Travel game Wikipediaにもこう書かれています。
Although some accounts mistakenly identify Spacewar ! as a motivation for the development of Unix , the game involved in that case was Space Travel .
（超訳 - Spacewar!がUnix開発の動機だと勘違いされるけど、それはSpave Travelだから）
Spacewar ! - Wikipedia , the free encyclopedia ということ でUNIX 開発の動機付けになったゲームは 、MIT 由来の「スペスウォー！」ではなく、ケン・トンプソン自身がGE-645上のMulticsで開発した「スペース・トラベル」だということでした。
Morning sickness is not normal , so it must have a reason .
Researchers now think it 's Nature 's way of protecting the embryo or fetus by discouraging mothers from ingesting potentially harmful chemicals .
As irritating as morning sickness may be for pregnant women , it may protect embryos .
Doctors have long known that morning sickness — the nausea and vomiting usually experienced in early pregnancy — is actually a good sign of a healthy pregnancy , despite the discomfort it brings .
However , scientists have debated whether morning sickness actually helps pregnancies succeed .
It could just be an annoying byproduct of a healthy pregnancy , as pregnant women and their embryos carry out a tug of war over the body 's resources .
When and why
To see which explanation might be right , scientists analyzed medical research to see when morning sickness does and does not occur .
If morning sickness was just the byproduct of a healthy pregnancy , then it should accompany all healthy pregnancies .
" But it doesn't , " said researcher Samuel Flaxman , an evolutionary biologist at the University of Colorado at Boulder .
Although two - thirds of pregnant women do experience morning sickness , the rest often carry their pregnancies to term .
Also , morning sickness does not seem to occur in other mammals , only humans , the researchers noted .
If morning sickness was the byproduct of conflict between mother and embryo or fetus , one might expect other mammals to have it too .
Instead , morning sickness is usually triggered in specific circumstances — in response to :
the sight , smell , or taste of meats and strong - tasting vegetables , which were historically likely to contain foodborne microbes or birth - defect - inducing chemicals ;
alcohol and cigarette smoke .
This all suggests morning sickness serves a useful function , evolving to protect mothers and embryos from things that may be dangerous , the researchers figure .
Also , in women who experience morning sickness , symptoms peak precisely when embryonic organ development is most susceptible to chemical disruption , between week six and week 18 of pregnancy .
The reason that humans alone have morning sickness may be due to our extraordinarily broad diet in comparison to other mammals , including other primates , the scientists conjectured .
Instead of evolving a range of molecules to defend against toxins , humans just evolved a way to keep away from dangerous chemicals .
Implications for pregnancy
A better understanding of morning sickness could have important implications for how doctors handle pregnancy .
" To say that morning sickness is uncomfortable is a real understatement , and a lot of people are looking at ways to deal with it .
But if nausea and vomiting truly serve a useful function , then one has to look more carefully at strategies for dealing with these symptoms , " Flaxman told LiveScience .
Despite decades of medical research and the widespread nature of morning sickness , little remains known about how it works , as it is of course unethical to experiment on pregnant women , and no other animals are known to experience it .
" We 're really interested in a more exhaustive analysis to see if morning sickness really does only occur in human beings , or whether there are other animals out there , " Flaxman said .
Flaxman and his colleague Paul Sherman at Cornell University detailed their findings in the July issue of the journal American Naturalist .
この記事へのトラックバッ クExcerpt : 幻影随想 : ホメオパシーヤバイ 最初、mixiから全文転載してたんだけど元ネタ振った御本人のBlogに転載されたので、そっちを紹介することにした。エントリを分散させる理由もないので。 だって自分の尿.. Weblog : 妄想科學日 報Tracked : 2008-05-28 02:01
Hot on the heels of last months reporting of a discrepancy in the ocean surface temperatures , a new paper in Nature ( by Domingues et al , 2008 ) reports on the revisions of the ocean heat content ( OHC ) data – a correction required because of other discrepancies in measuring systems found last year .
Before we get to the punchline though , it ’s worth going over the saga of the OHC trends in the literature over the last 8 years .
In 2001 , Syd Levitus and colleagues first published their collation of ocean heat content trends since 1950 based on archives of millions of profiles taken by oceanographic researchers over the last 50 years .
This showed a long term upward trend up , but with some very significant decadal variability – particularly in the 1970s and 1980s .
This long term trend was in reasonable agreement with model predictions , but the decadal variability was much larger in the observations .
As in all cases where there is a data - model mismatch , people go back to both in order to see what might be wrong .
One of the first suggestions was that since the spatial sampling became much coarser in the early part of the record , there might be more noise earlier on that did n’t actually reflect a real ocean - wide signal .
Sub - sampling the ocean models at the same sampling density as the real observations did increase the decadal variability in the diagnostic but it did n’t provide a significantly better match ( AchutaRao et al , 2006 ) .
Other problems came up when trying to tally the reasons for sea level rise ( SLR ) over that 50 year period .
Global SLR is a product of ( in rough order of importance ) ocean warming , land ice melting , groundwater extraction / dam building , and remnant glacial isostatic adjustment ( the ocean basins are still slowly adjusting to the end of the last ice age ) .
The numbers from tide gauges ( and later , satellites ) were higher than what you got by estimating each of those terms separately .
( Note that the difference is mainly due to the early part of the record – more recent trends do fit pretty well ) .
There were enough uncertainties in the various components so that it was n’t obvious where the problems were though .
Since 2003 , the Argo program has seeded the oceans with autonomous floats which move up and down the water column and periodically send their data back for analysis .
This has at last dealt with the spatial sampling issue ( at least for the upper 700 meters in the ocean – greater depths remain relatively obscure ) .
Initial results from the Argo data seemed to indicate that the ocean cooled quite dramatically from 2003 to 2005 ( in strong contradiction to the sea level rise which had continued ) ( Lyman et al , 2006 ) .
But comparisons with other sources of data suggested that this was only seen with the Argo floats themselves .
Thus when an error in the instruments was reported in 2007 , things seemed to fit again .
In the meantime however , calibrations of the other sources of data against each other were showing some serious discrepancies as well .
Ocean temperatures at depth are traditionally made with CTDs ( a probe that you lower on line that provides a continuous temperature and salinity profile ) , Nansen bottles ( water samples that are collected from specified depths ) or XBTs ( eXpendable bathy - thermographs ) which are basically just thrown overboard .
CTDs are used over and again and can be calibrated continuously to make sure their pressure and temperature measurements are accurate , but XBTs are free falling and the depths from which they are reporting temperatures needs to be estimated from the manufacturers fall rate calculations .
As the mix of CTDs , bottles , XBTs and floats has changed over time , minor differences in the bias of each methodology can end up influencing the trends .
( If this is all starting to sound very familiar to those who looked into the surface stations or sea surface temperature record issues , it is because it is the same problem .
Almost all long historical climate records were not collected with the goal of climate in mind . )
In particular , analysis ( or here ) of the XBT data showed that it was biased warm compared to the CTDs , and that this bias changed over time , and was dependent on the kind of XBT used ( deep versus shallow ) .
Issues with the fall rate calculation were well known , but corrections were not necessarily being applied appropriately or uniformly and in some cases were not correct themselves .
The importance of doing the corrections properly has been subject to some ongoing debate ( for instance , contrast the presentations of Levitus and Gourteski at this meeting earlier this year ) .
So where are we now ?
The Domingues et al paper that came out yesterday , along with a companion paper from essentially the same group ( in press at Journal of Climate ) have updated the XBT corrections and dealt with the Argo issues , and ….
… show a significant difference from earlier analyses ( the new analysis is the black line ) .
In particular , the difficult - to - explain ‘ hump ’ in the 1970s has gone ( being due to the increase in warm - biased XBTs at that time ) .
The long term trend is slightly higher , while the more recent trends are slightly lower .
Interestingly , while there still decadal variability , it is much more obviously tied to volcanic eruptions than was previously the case .
Note that this is a 3 - year smooth , so the data actually goes to the end of 2004 .
So what does this all mean ?
The first issue is tied to sea level rise .
The larger long term trend in ocean warming reported here makes it much easier to reconcile the sea level estimates from thermal expansion with the actual rises .
Those estimates do now match .
But remember that the second big issue with ocean heat content trends is that they largely reflect the planetary radiative imbalance .
This imbalance is also diagnosed in climate models and therefore the comparison serves as an independent check on their overall consistency .
Domingues et al show some comparisons with the IPCC AR4 models in their paper .
Firstly , they note that OHC trends in the models that did n’t use volcanic forcings are consistently higher than the observations .
This makes sense of course because each big eruption cools the ocean significantly .
For the models that did include volcanic forcings ( including the model we used in Hansen et al , 2005 , GISS - ER ) , the match is much better :
( Note that the 3 - year smoothed observations are being compared to annual data from the models , the lines have been cut off at 1999 , and everything is an anomaly relative to 1961 ) .
In particular , the long term ( post 1970 ) observational trends are now a better match to the models , and the response to volcanoes is seen clearly in both .
The recent trends are a little lower than reported previously , but are still within the envelope of the model ensemble .
One interesting discrepancy is noted however – the models have a slight tendency to mix down the heat more evenly than in the observations .
This is n’t going to be the last word on OHC trends , and different groups are going to be publishing their own versions of this analyses relatively soon and updates to the most recent years are still forthcoming .
But the big picture is that ocean heat content has indeed been increasing in recent decades , just like the models said it should .
Брюнеточка - плохая хозяйка , но , зато она может отсосат ь
At Yuri ’s Night Bay Area , I was talking to TradeMark G. of The Evolution Control Committee and he showed me his “ Artistic License ” .
Yes , Mark has created a realistic looking , laminated ID card that he can now show off when he is questioned about his “ art ” .
In fact , for $ 20 he will issue you your own US Artistic License .
Now when I show up at art openings , I just flash my ID — I ’m an artist !
More free wine , please !
Even at clubs I present my license as my identification … because , by gum , I ’m an artist , just the kind of artist who would be fully licensed .
Although this is not legal identification in the government ’s eyes , I have presented it on many occasional to security personnel who want “ valid ID ” .
More times than not , they take it !
So , it must be valid .
Mac Hash
How annoying , there ’s no hash key on the Mac UK keyboard !
SHIFT+3 gets you the UK pound sign , £ ( I ’d prefer the Euro , € ) , and once you ’ve found that you ’re in the right vicinity — as if by magic , ALT+3 produces the # .
Unfortunately this same key combination does n’t work on the Windows XP virtual machine I run under Parallels .
I ’ve done enough configuring to get the Mac keyboard working tolerably with this virtualised XP , but whenever I need to enter a # I ’m reduced to cutting and pasting .
Trigraph Confusion
C and C++ programmers could avoid the # by using trigraphs , an obscure language feature which allows you to write ??= instead .
Yes , there are other trigraphs .
Courtesy of Wikipedia , here ’s an example program which uses them all .
?? =include < stdio.h > int main ( void ) ??< char n?? ( 5?? ) ; n??( 4?? ) = ' 0 ' - ( ??- 0 ??' 1 ??! 2 ) ; printf ( " % c ??/n " , n ?? ( 4?? ) ) ; return 0 ; ??>
Impressively unreadable !
What you see is not what you type
An important difference between a typewriter and a text editor is the software between keypress and screen update — the software I ’ve failed to fully configure on my virtual XP machine .
So why not exploit this indirection ?
Developers of mobile phones have grown ingenious at adapting a numeric keypad to generate text almost as ably as a QWERTY one .
( Which do serious texters prefer , I wonder , an iphone or a numeric keypad ? )
And my instant messenger client is cute enough to display smiley punctuation sequences as emoticon graphics .
Python smiley
On which point , has anyone else noticed the square - jawed smiley you get when you chop the last element from a Python list ?
This one ’s wearing a cap .
q [ :-1 ]
Readable Haskell
Haskell is one of my shiny new things for 2008 .
I ’ve scratched at it before and one of the things which put me off is the number of digraphs in the code .
They do n’t look right .
I ’m talking about the arrows in particular :
-> <- =>
Of course I ’m used to the logical digraphs && , || and the comparison operators , == , <= etc .
These do n’t look out of place in the C family of languages , but Haskell ’s roots seem closer to mathematics and logic ; it craves proper mathematical and logical symbols .
The symbol Haskell uses for anonymous functions is a single backslash , \ .
This should of course be a lambda , λ.
It ’s ironic that this character is the star of the Haskell homepage but ca n’t be found in Haskell source code .
It should n’t be too hard to view and edit Haskell code using more appropriate characters even if you actually input them as usual .
Oh look , Emacs does it already !
Set ( setq haskell - font - lock - symbols ' unicode ) and your Haskell code will look something like the sample shown in the upper screen below ( I ’ve split the editor window and shown a plain - text view of the same content in the lower screen ) .
Much better !
Earlier this year , eBay made the first changes ever to its feedback system .
The most controversial of them was ending the ability of sellers to give feedback on buyers , leaving people who felt harmed by a purchaser with no way of warning their auctioneering peers .
eBay users found this so disturbing they organized a week - long strike .
Sensing an opportunity in the uproar , a company called Fair Outcomes is now offering an arbitration system that 's centered around maintaining the reputations of both sides involved .
The gist of the problem is simple ; sellers on eBay do better when they 've established a good reputation .
But the value conferred by a good reputation can leave them hostage to an angry buyer , who can extort concessions by threatening to complain about a deal .
With the feedback on buyers gone , sellers no longer have a way to defend themselves .
The new system , called Fair Outcomes , is the product of a company that offers consulting services based on game theory , a branch of mathematics often used to help describe optimal outcomes in social systems .
The principles behind Fair Outcomes are laid out in a paper hosted on the site ( PDF ) , but are pretty straightforward : give the seller the opportunity to settle the dispute or , failing that , demonstrate that they were the reasonable party in it .
The seller starts the process by making a confidential settlement offer and setting a deadline .
The mere fact that they entered the process , according to Fair Outcomes , should protect their reputation , as it demonstrates their interest in reaching a fair settlement .
The buyer has an indefinite number of opportunities to meet or exceed the offer by the deadline ; if that happens , the dispute is settled , and the reputation of both parties remains intact .
If this process fails , the buyer has the option of going to arbitration , with the choice of either accepting any decision , or only accepting the arbitration if they win .
The fact that the seller could come out of the arbitration stuck with the buyer 's conditions , should , in theory , compel the seller to make a reasonable initial offer .
The fact that buyers have so many chances walk away should help identify those that are making unreasonable demands : the system will identify those that are n't interested in making reasonable offers or quit if they do n't win .
In those cases , the seller may not end the dispute , but their reputation should be maintained .
The service carries a fee of $ 10 , so it should be useful for handling a broad range of disputes that do n't warrant involving the legal system .
One of the big limitations in the practical application of game theory , however , is that it assumes the individuals involved can rationally examine their decision - making process .
eBay disputes are likely to get emotional , especially with reputations on the line .
But , even if the process does n't work well in terms of ending the dispute , it does provide sellers ample opportunity to protect their reputations by demonstrating their willingness to settle with irate buyers .
CSS can powerfully open the doors to a lot of rich and unique techniques .
Today we are presenting a round - up of CSS coding , creative approaches and techniques .
Definitely worth taking a very close look at !
We also included some basic techniques you can probably use in every project you are developing .
This is just the third article in this series , the forth part will be coming soon , stay tuned and Enjoy !
You can also take a look at other 2 articles in this series :
So let ’s get started and do n’t forget to subscribe to our RSS - Feed to keep track on our next post in this series .
Styling Lists
The Amazing < li >–
With a little CSS , the < li > becomes one of the most powerful and versatile tags in a web designer 's arsenal .
This article is a tutorial and a tribute to the amazing < li > .
So let ’s get started and do n’t forget to subscribe to our RSS - Feed to keep track on our next post in this series .
Better Ordered Lists ( Using Simple PHP and CSS ) –
Here is an example where you ditch the traditional ordered list and create your own !
Style Your Ordered List–
Here is a quick CSS tutorial on how you can use the ordered list < ol > and paragraph < p > element to design a stylish numbered list .
List Based Calendar–
A simple way to add multiple views to a calendar , so you can view your events in a simple list , or in a month based calendar format .
Live DemoView it Here
Forms and Form Elements
Datasheet - style form using HTML and CSS–
Make a datasheet - style web form using HTML , CSS and JavaScript with multiple similar records ,
Styling File Inputs with CSS and the Dom – File inputs ( < input type = " file " /> ) are the bane of beautiful form design .
No rendering engine provides the granular control over their presentation designers desire .
This simple , three - part progressive enhancement provides the markup , CSS , and JavaScript to address the long - standing irritation .
Better Web Forms : Redesigning eBay ’s Registration–
Is a detailed walkthrough of simple changes that have a dramatic positive impact .
Uni-Form– Uni-Form is an attempt to standardize form markup ( xhtml ) and css , “ modularize ” it , so even people with only basic knowledge of these technologies can get nice looking , well structured , highly customizable , semantic , accessible and usable forms
Footers
A CSS sticky footer that just works –
In just a few simple CSS classes with minimal extra HTML markup , you can get a sticky footer that even beginners can get a handle on .
It ’s been tested in IE 5 and up , Firefox , Safari and Opera .
MAKING YOUR FOOTER STAY PUT WITH CSS–
How to make your footer dock to the bottom of the screen .
New ideas for Image Replacement
Create Custom Search Bars – With Image Replacement using CSS
HR Image Replacement with CSS–
How to replace the HR tag with an image that works cross browser .
Image Sprite
Image Sprite Navigation With CSS–
Creating a navigation using an image sprite , you can have a complete navigation , rollovers and all , by only using one image .
CSS image techniques
Create Resizable Images With CSS–
A new technique to resize images when the user increases their browser ’s text size .
Images are resized along with the text rather than staying constant in size .
CSS Stamps– Using the CSS property border and outline to achieve the stamp look .
Image Captions Generated with CSS and JavaScript–
The names are not part of the image – they are stored in the img ’s title attribute .
Cross - browser semi- transparent backgrounds– Semi- transparent backgrounds are nice .
They would be more popular , but Internet Explorer does n’t support .png transparency .
There are a few clunky workarounds .
Here ’s another that ’s a little less clunky .
CSS Rollovers– Learn how to create a simple rollover image using CSS .
Text and Links Effects
“ Checkmark ” Your Visited Links with Pure CSS–
The goal of this tutorial is to get a check mark preceding visited links for a nice visual indicator .
Simple Round CSS Links –
Now you can style both ( a ) and ( button ) in this super easy and light - weight solution
Pure CSS Popups– Using pure CSS causing text to appear and disappear .
Navigation
Perfect pagination style using CSS–
This tutorial explains how to design a pagination for search results or more in general to split a long list of records in more pages .
VISTA style toolbar–
How to create VISTA style toolbar with CSS ,
Live Demo view it Here
view it Here Download codefrom Here
Digg - like navigation bar using CSS–
This tutorial explains how to design a digg - like navigation bar using a liquid design with rounded corners for links .
Menu circular en CSS–
A circular menu with nice hover effect showing text description for each item in the menu .
Live Demoview it Here
Further readings on Navigation
4 Reasons to Use CSS - Based Navigation–
By using CSS to create a navigational menu you can achieve both accessibility and a professional , attractive appearance .
Vandelay Design listed the benefits of using CSS for navigational menus , Worth reading .
CSS Image Galleries
CSS Image Gallery –
A purely CSS based image gallery that displays larger versions of thumbnail images dynamically when the mouse hovers over them .
A rich HTML caption can be added to the enlarged image .
Not so simple photograph gallery – A CSS image gallery that have a default image , a line or two of descriptive text and the ability to click an image to hold it on the screen .
A sliding list click gallery – A demonstration to show a sliding tabs gallery , with a click to open action rather than a hover .
Also the facility to add some descriptive text to accompany the large image .
Drop Caps
Nice Drop caps with CSS–
Using the : first - letter pseudo - element , you can easily create nice drop caps with CSS .
No extra HTML or Javascript required and IE5 + browser support .
Live DemoView it Here
Drop Caps–
This small snippet of CSS utilises the : first - letter pseudo class to apply a particluar style to the first letter of each paragraph , giving the look of an illuminated initial .
Download codefrom Here
Rounded Corners in a simple New approach
3 Simple Steps in Coding a Rounded Corners Layout–
A simple approach to coding fixed width , rounded corners layout in 3 simple steps .
One pixel notched corners– as used by Google Analytics .
Live DemoView it Here
Auto - Cropping Rounded Corners–
A new solution for rounded corners , what it does is : it crops the content below it , so that anything with a background color or image ( headers , paragraphs , even images ) automatically get the rounded corner treatment with no extra work .
Download Examplefrom
Here
Blockquotes
Simple Double Quotes–
This CSS tutorial will show you how to display two double - quote images using one blockquote tag .
Blockquotes with Image Quotes– Adding an image to the blockquote style .
Worth Checking
Pure CSS Animated Progress Bar–
A simple demonstration of how you can create animated progress bar using pure css .
The trick is very simple .
We need 3 elements , one container and 2 nested elements .
Add a “ loading ” icon to your larger images– Using CSS to embed a “ loading ” image , to let visitors know that an image is loading .
The CSS Text Wrapper – The CSS Text Wrapper allows you to easily make HTML text wrap in shapes other than just a rectangle .
You can make text wrap around curves , zig - zags , or whatever you want .
Live DemoView it Here
Adding a magnifier to images with CSS and JavaScript
SAC Simple Accessible Charts .
Cross - browser transparent columns –
How to create transparent columns that can work in all browsers .
By using the opacity property and still having the content opaque .
Floats work too – which makes it possible to create multi-column transparent - column layouts .
A Cool CSS Effect – Dashboard [ Updated x2 ] –
A very simple tutorial on how to create an attractive dashboard - like dimmer for your webpage and draw your user ’s attention to a certain object .
Very cool web effect .
Text - Shadow Exposed–
Make cool and clever text effects with css text - shadow .
CSS Speech Bubbles– Easy to customize speech bubbles coded in CSS and valid XHTML 1.0 STRICT .
Download zip file
The Highly Extensible CSS Interface– Cameron Moll ’s first series of articles after three years looks to have been well worth the wait .
Introducing “ The Highly Extensible CSS Interface ” , a four - part series of how - to ’s and savvy conversation .
Code samples are available for viewing and downloading with each article .
In this book , I argue that all reference is story - relative .
We cannot understand reference to God , nor to his prophets , nor to any other character mentioned in the Jewish , Christian , or Muslim scriptures , without reference to those very scriptures .
Reusing syringes is “ something that should n’t happen anywhere , ” Mr. Labus said .
“ It is not acceptable .
What we are focused on now is what was going on and how do we stop it . ”
The outbreak , which began in February , has attracted the attention of federal health officials and law enforcement authorities , including the Nevada attorney general and the Federal Bureau of Investigation .
It has also embarrassed the state ’s governor , Jim Gibbons , who originally derided news of the outbreak as overstated and a creation of news media “ buffoonery . ”
( Mr. Gibbons , a Republican , has since called for the resignation of state health officials , and on Thursday he called the newly revealed cases “ heartbreaking and disturbing . ” )
Since February , the county health department has notified 40,000 patients who had visited the clinic that they might have been at risk for infection with the hepatitis B and C viruses or H.I.V. and should be tested .
About 50,000 test panels of blood from patients have been conducted in laboratories around the region , although multiple tests may have been done on some patients and some of those tested might never have visited the medical practice .
Of those who tested positive for hepatitis C , Mr. Labus said , eight clearly contracted the illness at the two clinics , and the latest 77 were likely to have been exposed at one of them as well , because the patients had no other known risk factors .
A reader writes :
In one sense , I was right to feel that way .
The backlash against gay marriage in Massachusetts has resulted in constitutional bans in more than half the states .
I feel the same way , and my advice is go with your heart .
As a gay man of a certain age , my feeling that the California marriage decision will result in a backlash that will only set us back is eerily familiar .
I remember feeling it when I first heard that some Massachusetts couples ( against the wishes of gay organizations ) filed suit to get married , I felt it again when the Supreme Court threw out the Texas sodomy law and when the Massachusetts Supreme Court ordered up gay marriage .
In an election year , yet .
I stand conflicted here : my head is with restraint ; my heart and my head are with equality .
In just the past five years , we have civil unions ( remember how radical that concept was when it was first considered in Hawaii ) in about a tenth of the states , opposition to gay marriage has dropped significantly in the polls , anti-discrimination bills are almost routinely passed even by Legislatures in red states and none of the presidential candidates favors the once motherhood - and - apple - pie federal marriage amendment .
What is less measurable , but far more important , is that gay people go about their lives and jobs with a casualness they did n’t enjoy even 10 years ago .
So things are rosy ?
No .
We could get clobbered in California in November .
But here ’s the thing , Andrew , it ’s the fight that ’s important .
If the past is any guide , the outcome wo n’t make any difference .
To understand how inexorable the gay movement is , put yourself in the shoes of a social conservative .
For as long as they can remember , they ’ve won almost every referendum , legislative vote and ( despite what they fervently believe ) most court decisions .
The electoral victories are not even close .
And yet the gay movement keeps gaining !
If you ’re a social conservative , gay people must seem like vampires they keep driving a stake in our heart and yet we keep coming back .
If you ’ve got a heart that strong , Andrew , you pay attention to it .
This week , as the American economy continued to suffer the effects of big government , the House attempted to pass two multi-billion dollar " emergency " spending bills , one for continued spending on the war in Iraq , and one increasing spending on domestic and international welfare programs .
The plan was to pass these two bills and then send them to the president as one package .
Even though the House failed to pass the war spending bill , opponents of the war should not be fooled into believing this vote signals a long - term change in policy .
At the end of the day , those favoring continued military occupation of Iraq will receive every penny they are requesting and more as long as they agree to dramatically increase domestic and international welfare spending as well .
The continued war in Iraq and the constant state of emergency has allowed Congress to use these so - called " emergency " bills as a vehicle to dramatically increase spending across the board  including spending that does not meet even the most generous definition of emergency .
For example , the spending proposals currently being considered by Congress provide $ 210 million to the Census Bureau and $ 4 million for the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , and Firearms .
$ 4.6 billion is requested for the closing of military bases , but not any of the more than 700 bases overseas  bases here at home !
Another $ 387 million would go to various international organizations and $ 850 million more just in international food aid  all this when food prices are skyrocketing here and American families are having a hard time making ends meet .
Because this spending will be part of " emergency " measures , it will not count against debt ceilings , or any spending limits set by congressional budget resolutions , and does not have to be offset in any way .
Explosive growth of government is just another tragedy of this war .
The " bipartisan " compromises made in Washington are at the expense of the taxpayer , not in the interest of fiscal responsibility or peace .
The taxpayer loses , and government grows .
The bottom line is that our dollar is falling , the economy is in rough shape , and government spending is wildly out of control .
Congress argues over relatively minor details , instead of dramatically changing our flawed foreign policy .
We need to bring our troops home , not only from Iraq and Afghanistan , but from South Korea , Germany , and the other 138 countries where we have troops stationed .
Our foreign policy of interventionism is not only offensive to others , inviting further terrorist attacks , but it is ruining our economy as we tax , borrow , and print the money to pay the bills of our empire .
The economy and ultimately the American people suffer because Washington is refusing to adopt more sensible and constitutional policies .
Squabbling between those who favor increased welfare and those who favor increased warfare has given the American people a temporary reprieve from having to bear the burden of yet another dramatic increase in government this week .
However , as early as next week a compromise could be reached that expands both government warfare and welfare .
As congressional approval ratings drop to 18 percent according to a recent Gallup poll , the American people are telegraphing that Congress is taking the country in the wrong direction .
Our government must stop bankrupting the country so that we can get back on track to a peaceful , prosperous future .
... and I suspect it will be a hugely disruptive force in the Ruby / Rails community in the future .
Holy shit !
- Antonio Cangiano ( after seeing the benchmarks run )
Avi Bryant seems to be leading the project and it's only 100 days old ( and how did it stay secret so long ?!? )
However , since it's based on the mature Fast VM used by Gemstone / S , they 're already blowing away Ruby MRI 1.8 benchmarks with 8 - 60 x speed increases .
Mention was made of cooperating closely with Rubinius team to make sure that their implementation runs all the Ruby specs , and is truly Ruby and not a fork .
When MagLev is widely available , it basically means that there will be a truly enterprise - class option for writing trading systems , logistics and other large persistent object - heavy systems in Ruby .
The shared memory cache ( basically a large OODB ) holds up to 17PB and has transactional capabilities and automatic synchronization .
According to Avi , there is a strong commitment to making sure there are good ways to use Rails on MagLev -- ActiveRecord , which no longer would be truly needed , could still be used ( with the exception of find_by_sql , of course ) .
I 'm dying to play with this stuff .
Ditching relational databases is a no- brainer for most of the projects that I 've worked on in the last 5 years .
You 've heard great things about Blake 's 7 , that edgier 1970s show from some of the makers of Doctor Who .
You 've heard it features darker , more complex characters , and it's like a warped mirror held up to Star Trek 's utopian future — instead of the human Federation being this amazing force for peace and justice in the galaxy , it 's evil and oppressive .
You 've heard it includes dialog so sharp you could shave with it .
But how can you discover this show for yourself ?
Here are some handy tips .
Advertisement
This list actually came about because I had a friend who was interested in the wonders of B7 , and I was starting to write her a long email with advice on discovering the show .
Then it occurred to me that other people might actually find this useful .
Anybody who has enjoyed shows like Babylon 5 , Star Trek : Deep Space Nine or Firefly will find a lot to love about the anti-heroic Blake 's 7 , whose DNA is woven into the most daring SF on television .
Advertisement
Find a friend who has the VHS tapes .
Because of legal stupidities the DVDs are n't available in the U.S .
Go ahead and read spoilers .
Blake 's 7 is that rare show that 's actually 1,000 times better if you know how it ends .
I wo n't spoil the ending here , just in case you may disagree .
But knowing the ending gives a new significance and poignancy to many scenes in the first two seasons .
Feel free to skip the first episode .
It 's pretty good , but it 's like a pilot for a different show .
Pretty much none of the characters and threads from the pilot make their way into the following episodes , except for our hero , Blake .
All you really need to know going into episode two is the show 's main premise .
And here 's that main premise : it 's the distant future , after humanity has colonized much of the galaxy .
The evil Federation rules over most human worlds with an iron grip .
Only a few rebels still hold out against the Federation , and their greatest , most legendary leader is Roj Blake , who gets stuck on a prison transport on a one - way trip to a prison planet .
There , he has no choice but to team up with some unrepetentant criminals to fight for freedom .
And maybe , over time , he can mould them into a force for more than just escape .
Be willing to suspend your disbelief a bit in the first season .
Blake and his crew have a run of good luck that 's pretty hard to swallow , including stumbling on the greatest spaceship in known space and later inheriting the most awesome computer ever built .
Just run with it , because it sets up some great stories later .
And it 's no different than lots of other science fiction shows , where the hero just happens to have the greatest time machine / spaceship / whatever in the universe .
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
Advertisement
The first season may require some patience , and you should feel free to skip some episodes liberally .
The first season is a bit of a slog , because the show 's creator Terry Nation wrote the whole thing himself .
And this meant he was dashing off drafts as fast as he could , and then zipping to the next episode without looking back .
Script editor Chris Boucher managed to add some sparkling dialog here and there , but there are also long stretches of padding and repetitive plot devices .
The scripts improve a lot in season two , when Nation is no longer single - handedly writing them .
Here 's a compilation of some of the best quips and insults .
The only first - season episodes you absolutely should watch are " Space Fall , " where Blake meets his future band of criminals , " Cygnus Alpha , " where Blake rescues some of his crew from a cult led by a scenery - devouring Brian Blessed , " Time Squad , " where Blake meets a telepathic resistance leader named Cally , and " Seek - Locate - Destroy , " which introduces the Federation 's biggest villain , Supreme Commander Servalan .
( It also introduces her lackey Travis , about whom more later . )
Advertisement
You may also want to watch " Orac , " the season finale , which sets up some stuff in the next season .
And three other episodes , " Mission To Destiny , " " Breakdown , " and " Bounty , " are amazingly great , but non-essential .
Advertisement
Things to watch for : Servalan 's outfits become more and more vampy as time goes by .
Almost every episode has a cameo by someone who appeared on Doctor Who from time to time .
The show 's special effects get cheaper and cheaper , until some episodes actually just feature a cardboard cut - out of Blake 's ship , the Liberator , instead of model effects .
But the show scores points for having a teleportation effect that actually makes people have trouble finding their footing when it plunks them down .
Advertisement
Book : McCain lunged at congressman ; Spokeswoman calls book ' trash journalism '
Nick Juliano
Published : Tuesday April 8 , 2008
|
Print This Email
This ' I uncovered a lot of stuff I can't put in the book , ' author says John McCain 's campaign is lashing out at a shocking new report ( first revealed here on Monday ) of his red-faced , expletive - laden tirade aimed at his wife .
Meanwhile , the Huffington Post reveals another nugget from Cliff Schecter 's new book The Real McCain , which details a physical confrontation between McCain and another congressman .
Perhaps the most remarkable story of McCain 's temper involved Arizona Congressman Rick Renzi .
Two former reporters covering McCain , one who witnessed the following events and one who confirmed the facts provided by the first , relayed it to me as follows :
In 2006 , the Arizona Republican congressional delegation had a strategy meeting .
McCain repeatedly addressed two new members , congressmen Trent Franks and Rick Renzi , as ' boy . '
Finally , Renzi , a former college linebacker , rose from his chair and said to McCain , " You call me that one more time and I 'll kick your old ass .
" McCain lunged at Renzi , punches were thrown , and the two had to be physically separated .
After they went to their separate offices , McCain called Renzi and demanded an apology .
Renzi refused .
Apparently this posture made McCain admire him , as they became fast friends .
Also included in the book is an anecdote from a 1992 campaign stop , relayed to the author by three sources .
McCain 's wife Cindy teased him abou this thinning hair at which point he lashed out , " At least I do n't plaster on the makeup like a trollop , you cunt . "
RAW STORY called McCain 's campaign for comment before revealing the anecdote Monday morning .
No one ever called back , but the campaign has seen fit to decry Schecter 's reporting in an interview with a New York gossip column .
Calling the book " trash journalism , " McCain spokeswoman Jill Hazelbaker tells the Daily News 's Rush & Molloy , " The story [ of McCain cursing at his wife ] is completely fabricated . "
The campaign has not yet weighed in on the report of his scuffle with Renzi .
Schecter responded to the accusation on his blog .
No surprise here .
It 's far from the first time the " maverick " has made himself into a liar , and today 's opening statement to General Petaeus once again showed it wo n't be the last .
...
I have hit McCain with a bit of that old straight - talk .
Instead of lying about me because of it , he should try it sometime .
How about starting today when we are trying to find a solution to this disaster he helped create in Mesopotamia .
Huffington
Post reporter Sam Stein notes that the book 's new reports on McCains fiery temper are well supported by other accounts of his losing his cool .
Anecdotes like these would stand out as highly abnormal if it were n't for McCain 's history of similarly explosive behavior .
As Washingtonian magazine documented ( and Schecter notes in the book ) , McCain once " scuffled " with the Senate 's then oldest member , Strom Thurmond , during a Senate Armed Service Committee hearing in January 1995 .
Three years later , the Associated Press article reported that McCain dropped F - Bombs on at least three fellow Republicans .
" I 'm calling you a f------ jerk ! " he once retorted to Iowa Sen.
Chuck Grassley .
And in a opinion piece last year on Salon.com , Sidney Blumenthal , now an adviser to Sen. Hillary Clinton , wrote that McCain once told Sen .
Ted Kennedy to " shut up " on the Senate Floor , referred to a fellow Republican as a " shit head " and offered a downright vicious and doubly - offensive joke in 1998 Republican fundraiser about then first daughter Chelsea Clinton .
" Do you know why Chelsea Clinton is so ugly ? " he asked .
" Because Janet Reno is her father . "
The anecdote in The Real McCain about the candidate 's tirade towards his wife was confirmed to Schecter by three Arizona reporters , who had been covering the candidate at the time .
He told RAW STORY Monday he was fully confident in the story 's accuracy and would n't have included it otherwise .
" I uncovered a lot of stuff that I can not put in the book , " he said .
huge
I think that 's a reasonable response phu5ion .
And I can respect it .
I took exception to the terms " pollution " and " crapware " , which is why I described it as violent opposition .
If you disagree with DRM on principal , that 's fine .
But SecuROM resides on many , many , many systems without a single problem , operating invisibly to the user , with no system slowdown or security risks .
So I felt your description was a bit harsh and inaccurate .
( In contrast , I think Starforce deserved such harsh words --- and much more . )
As for piracy being unstoppable , if that is the case then kiss all gaming goodbye .
Because piracy is getting worse every year .
I find it difficult to blame publishers and developers for at least trying to protect their livelihood .
I believe BioShock , which had incredible buzz upon release , lasted the longest of any game before being cracked .
Most games are cracked withinin 24 hours or less .
BioShock lasted roughly 2 weeks .
That may not sound like much , but it is an increase of over 1000 % .
That is .
Imagine if they can increase effectiveness by that magnitude with each iteration of DRM .
If games start taking a month , two months , three months , etc before being cracked , that will discourage many illegal downloaders .
( A miniscule percentage of pirates are actual crackers , the rest are just unscrupulous gamers who want free downloads and want them . )
I do n't want to clutter this thread with griping and arguing , so I 'll try to give it a rest .
Doing away with activations is a huge gesture , and we all should be grateful .
It does n't motivate anyone ( companies or individuals ) to complain when they 've just done something right .
John Vidal
The Guardian
May 26 , 2008
Surprise , surprise .
Corporations are stealing United Nations funds supposedly earmarked to reduce carbon emissions .
Of course , the carbon and climate change agenda has nothing to do with saving the planet and everything to do with creating an effective control grid system for humanity .
It is only natural for multinational corporations to skim a bit of cream off the top of the scam .
Billions of pounds are being wasted in paying industries in developing countries to reduce climate change emissions , according to two analyses of the UN ’s carbon offsetting programme .
Leading academics and watchdog groups allege that the UN ’s main offset fund is being routinely abused by chemical , wind , gas and hydro companies who are claiming emission reduction credits for projects that should not qualify .
The result is that no genuine pollution cuts are being made , undermining assurances by the UK government and others that carbon markets are dramatically reducing greenhouse gases , the researchers say .
The criticism centres on the UN ’s clean development mechanism ( CDM ) , an international system established by the Kyoto process that allows rich countries to meet emissions targets by funding clean energy projects in developing nations .
Credits from the project are being bought by European companies and governments who are unable to meet their carbon reduction targets .
The market for CDM credits is growing fast .
At present it is worth nearly $ 20 bn a year , but this is expected to grow to over $ 100 bn within four years .
More than 1,000 projects have so far been approved , and 2,000 more are making their way through the process .
A working paper from two senior Stanford University academics examined more than 3,000 projects applying for or already granted up to $ 10bn of credits from the UN ’s CDM funds over the next four years , and concluded that the majority should not be considered for assistance .
“ They would be built anyway , ” says David Victor , law professor at the Californian university .
“ It looks like between one and two thirds of all the total CDM offsets do not represent actual emission cuts . ”
Read article
WATCH ALEX JONES ’ ENDGAME ONLINE NOW in its entirety .
View more
High quality trailers at www.endgamethemovie.com
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
SANTA ANA , California ( Reuters ) - A computer hacker testified on Wednesday that a News Corp NWSa .
N unit hired him to develop pirating software , but denied using it to penetrate the security system of a rival satellite television service .
A generic picture of a computer keyboard .
OFFPO REUTERS / Catherine Benson
Christopher Tarnovsky -- who said his first payment was $ 20,000 in cash hidden in electronic devices mailed from Canada -- testified in a corporate - spying lawsuit brought against News Corp 's NDS Group NNDS.O by DISH Network Corp DISH.O .
The trial could result in hundreds of millions of dollars in damage awards .
NDS , which provides security technology to a global satellite network that includes satellite TV service DirecTV , denies the claims , saying it was only engaged in reverse engineering -- looking at a technology product to determine how it works , a standard in the electronics industry .
After an introduction by plaintiff ’s attorney Chad Hagan as one of the “ two best hackers in the world , ” Tarnovsky told the court that he was paid on a regular basis by Harper Collins , a publishing arm of News Corp , for 10 years .
Tarnovsky said one of his first projects was to develop a pirating program to make DirectTV more secure .
But lawyers for DISH Network claim Tarnovsky ’s mission was to hack into DISH ’s satellite network , steal the security code , then flood the market with pirated smart cards costing DISH $ 900 million in lost revenue and system - repair costs .
Smart cards enable satellite TV converter boxes to bring in premium channels .
The suit was brought by EchoStar Communications , which later split into two companies , DISH and EchoStar Corp , with DISH being the primary plaintiff .
“ I never got money for reprogramming Echostar cards , ” Tarnovsky said .
“ Someone is trying to set me up . ”
DISH attorney Chad Hagan asked , “ This is all a big conspiracy ? ”
“ Yes , ” Tarnovsky answered .
He conceded that he constructed a device called “ the stinger ” that could communicate with any smart card in the world .
Another hacker , Tony Dionisi , testified on Tuesday that Tarnovsky bragged about creating “ the stinger ” and that he knew of another hacker and NDS employee who reprogrammed 50 EchoStar smart cards with the device .
The trial is expected to last another two to three weeks .
It is being heard in southern California because both Tarnovsky and NDS are located there .
When dealing with virtualization and networking in the kernel , a number of fairly difficult concepts come up regularly .
Last week , while tracking down some bugs with KVM and virtio in this area , decided to write up some notes on this stuff .
Thanks to Herbert Xu for checking over these .
Also , a good resource I came across while looking into this stuff is Dave Miller ’s How SKBs Work .
If you do n’t know your headroom from your tailroom , that ’s not a bad place to start .
Checksumming
TCP ( and other protocols ) have a checksum in its header which is a sum of the TCP header , payload and the “ pseudo header ” consisting of the source and destination addresses , the protocol number and the length of the TCP header and payload .
A TCP checksum is the inverted ones - complement sum of the pseudo header and TCP header and payload , with the checksum field set to zero during the computation .
Some hardware can do this checksum , so the networking stack will pass the packet to the driver without the checksum computed , and the hardware will insert the checksum before transmitting .
Now , with ( para - ) virtualization , we have a reliable transmission medium between a guest and its host and any other guests , so a PV network driver can claim to do hardware checksumming , but just pass the packet to the host without the checksum .
If it ever gets forwarded through a physical device to a physical network , the checksum will be computed at that point .
What we actually do with virtualization is compute a partial checksum of everything except the TCP header and payload , invert that ( getting the ones - complement sum again ) and store that in the checksum field .
We then instruct the other side that in order to compute the complete checksum , it merely needs to sum the contents of the TCP header and payload ( without zeroing the checksum field ) and invert the result .
This is accomplished in a generic way using the csum_start and csum_offset fields – csum_start denotes the point at which to start summing and csum_offset gives the location at which the result should be stored .
Scatter - Gather I/
O
If you ’ve ever used readv( ) / writev( ) , you know the basic idea here .
Rather than passing around one large buffer with a bunch of data , you pass a number of smaller buffers which make up a larger logical buffer .
For example , you might have an array of buffer descriptors like :
struct iovec { size_t iov_len ; /* Number of bytes to transfer */ void * iov_base ; /* Starting address */ } ;
In the case of network drivers , ( non-linear ) data can be scattered across page size fragments :
struct skb_frag_struct { struct page * page ; __u32 page_offset ; __u32 size ; } ;
sk_buff ( well , skb_shared_info ) is designed to be able to hold a 64 k frame in page size [ 1 ] fragments ( skb_shinfo : : nr_frags and skb_shinfo : : frags ) .
The NETIF_F_SG feature flag lets the core networking stack know that the driver supports scatter - gather across this paged data .
Note , the skb_shared _info frag_list member is not used for maintaining paged data , but rather it is used for fragmentation purposes .
The NETIF_F_FRAGLIST feature flag relates to this .
Another aspect of SG a flag , NETIF_F_HIGHDMA , which specifies whether the driver can handle fragment buffers that were allocated out of high memory .
You can see all these flags in action in dev_queue_xmit ( ) where if any of these conditions are not met , skb_linearize ( ) is called which coalesces any fragments into the skb buffer .
[ 1 ] – These are also known as non-linear skbs , or paged skbs .
This what “ pskb ” stands for in some APIs .
Segmentation Offload
TCP Segmentation Offload ( TSO ) .
UDP Fragmentation Offload ( UFO ) .
Generic Segmentation Offload ( GSO ) .
Yeah , that stuff .
TSO is the ability of some network devices to take a frame and break it down to smaller ( i.e. MTU ) sized frames before transmitting .
This is done by breaking the TCP payload into segments and using the same IP header with each of the segments .
GSO is a generalisation of this in the kernel .
The idea is that you delay segmenting a packet until the latest possible moment .
In the case where a device does n’t support TSO , this would be just before passing the skb to the driver .
If the device does support TSO , the unsegmented skb would be passed to the driver .
See dev_hard_start_xmit( ) for where dev_gso_segment ( ) is used to segment a frame before passing to the driver in the case where the device does not support GSO .
With paravirtualization , the guest driver has the ability to transfer much larger frames to the host , so the need for segmentation can be avoided completely .
The reason this is so important is that GSO enables a much larger * effective * MTU between guests themselves and to their host .
The ability to transmit such large frames significantly increases throughput .
An skb ’s skb_shinfo contains information on how the frame should be segmented .
gso_size is the size of the segments which the payload should be broken down into .
With TCP , this would usually be the Maximum Segment Size ( MSS ) , which is the MTU minus the size of the TCP / IP header .
gso_segs is the number of segments that should result from segmentation .
gso_type indicates e.g. whether the payload is UDP or TCP .
drivers/net/loopback.c:emulate_large_send_offload( ) provides a nice simple example of the actions a TSO device is expected to perform – i.e. breaking the TCP payload into segments and transmitting each of them as individual frames after updating the IP and TCP headers with the length of the packet , sequence number , flags etc .
The Weekly Standard bows down before the new right - wing Clinton .
My own view is that the neocons now see her as the main way to defeat Obama and the possibility of real change in the occupation of the Middle East .
They know how vulnerable McCain is - and fear Obama , because they have not gotten into his head .
But Clinton 's politics have been forged in the crucible of far right attacks , and while , in the past , her liberalism was reactive , it now seems she has utterly internalized the Rove dynamic :
She 's running a right - wing campaign .
She 's running the classic Republican race against her opponent , running on toughness and use - of - force issues , the campaign that the elder George Bush ran against Michael Dukakis , that the younger George Bush waged in 2000 and then again against John Kerry , and that Ronald Reagan - -" The Bear in the Forest " - - ran against Jimmy Carter and Walter F. Mondale .
And she 's doing it with much the same symbols .
If she can also bring down the most promising Democrat in a generation , the neocon right would be thrilled .
Check this out :
And better -- or worse -- she is becoming a social conservative , a feminist form of George Bush .
Against an opponent who shops for arugula , hangs out with ex-Weathermen , and says rural residents cling to guns and to God in unenlightened despair at their circumstances , she has rushed to the defense of religion and firearms , while knocking back shots of Crown Royal and beer .
Her harsh , football - playing Republican father ( the villain of the piece , against whom she rebelled in earlier takes on her story ) has become a role model , a working class hero , whose name she evokes with great reverence .
Any day now , she 'll start talking Texan , and cutting the brush out in Chappaqua or at her posh mansion on Embassy Row ...
Continuing the war is the prize , of course :
She might run to the right of McCain , if she makes it to the general election , and get the votes of rebellious conservatives .
Or she , Lieberman , and McCain could form a pro-war coalition , with all of them running to pick up the phone when it rings in the small hours .
Or to put it another way :
" The creatures outside looked from pig to man , and from man to pig , and from pig to man again ; but already it was impossible to say which was which . "
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Microsoft has a long history of being visual .
They 've made quite a bit of money implementing graphical user interfaces everywhere – from operating system products to database servers , and of course , developer products .
What would Visual Studio be if it was n't visual ?
And oh how visual it is !
Visual Studio includes a potpourri of visualization tools .
There are class diagrams , form designers , data designers , server explorers , schema designers , and more .
I want to classify all these visual tools into one of two categories .
The first category includes all the visual tools that build user interfaces – the WinForms and WebForms designers , for instance .
The second category includes everything else .
Visual tools that fall into the first category , the UI builders , are special because they never need to scale .
Nobody is building a Windows app for 5,000 x 5,000 pixel screens .
Nobody is building web forms with 5,000 textbox controls .
At least I hope not .
You can get a pretty good sense of when you are going to overwhelm a user just by looking at the designer screen .
Visual tools that fall into the second category have to cover a wide range of scenarios , and they need to scale .
I stumbled across an 8 - year - old technical report today entitled " Visual Scalability " .
The report defines visual scalability as the " capability of visualization tools to display large data sets " .
Although this report has demographics data in mind , you can also think of large data sets as databases with a large number of tables , or libraries with a large number of classes - these are the datasets that Visual Studio works with , and as the datasets grow , the tools fall down .
Here is an excerpt of a screenshot for an Analysis Services project I had to work with recently :
Here is an excerpt of an Entity Data model screenshot I fiddled with for a medical database :
These are just two samples where the visual tools do n't scale and inflict pain .
They are difficult to navigate , and impossible to search .
The layout algorithms do n't function well on these large datasets , and number of mouse clicks required to make simple changes is astronomical .
The best you can do is jump into the gnarly XML that hides behind the visual representation .
I 'm wondering if the future will see a reversal in the number of visual tools trying to enter our development workflow .
Perhaps textual representations , like DSLs in IronRuby , will be the trick .
OOP From Low - level Perspective
For many lowlevel programmers , object oriented programming ( OOP ) tends to be confusing and filled with abstractions .
In this article I build up and explain some aspects of OOP from C or Assembly programmer 's point of view .
Note that example codes are not always syntactically 100 % okay - readability of examples is preffered .
What is OOP good for ?
Generally , it allows to access multiple similar types of objects with same interface .
This would be best explained by practice , in rest of article .
First object
First , we need to understand what object is .
Nice example where using OOP makes sense is game programming .
Imagine we are developing computer game .
In our game , there will be enemies , weapons , bonus items , flying missiles , etc .
All these will be represented as " objects " , eg. data structures in memory .
There can ( of course ) be more types of object .
Type of object can for example be medikit ( object that replenishes health ) .
Of course , there can be more objects of same type in game .
All objects of same type beheave in same way , but they can have different attributes ( like coordinates on map , or amount of health restored ) .
In OOP terminology , type of object is called " class " .
Objects of this type are called " instances " ( of class ) .
Attributes of instance ( those which can be different in every instance ) are calleed " data members " of object / instance .
In following examples , all our objects will start by number , which specifies type of object .
Following the type are data members of object .
For medikit , data members would be X and Y coordinates , and number of hit points that medikit restores .
Declaration of medikit object at coordinates [ 10,15 ] , that restores 50 hit points , would then be :
Asm :
dd TYPE_MEDIKIT ; type of object dd 10 ;x coordinate = 10 dd 15 ;y coordinate = 15 dd 50 ; hit points = 50
C :
struct MEDIKIT
{ int type ; int x , y ; int hp ; } ; MEDIKIT mk = { TYPE_MEDIKIT , 10 , 15 , 50} ;
Now we will define another object : mine .
Mine is opposite of medikit : after player touches mine , it explodes and decreases his health .
Mine will too have coordinates , number of hit point damage it causes , but also another attribute ( data member ) : time to explode since player touches it .
Our object can look like this :
Asm :
dd TYPE_MINE ; type of object = mine dd 10 ;x coordinate = 10 dd 15 ;y coordinate = 15 dd 5 ; time to explode = 5 seconds dd 50 ; damage = 50
C :
struct MINE { int type ; int x , y ; int timeout ; int hp ; } ;
When accessing object in our code , we will first read it 's type from first dword .
Depending on type , we know number and meaning of following data members .
Methods
Let 's see how does program working with such objects look like .
Specifically for our example objects , let 's focus on part of code that handles contact of player with object ( mine or medikit ) .
First , we have to determine type of object ( eg. determine which class is the object instance of ) .
If object is medikit , we restore player 's energy , and if object is mine , we start countdown to explosion .
Asm :
;esi = adress of object cmp dword [ esi ] , TYPE_MEDIKIT je touched_medikit cmp dword [ esi ] , TYPE_MINE je touched_mine
C :
switch ( obj ->type ) { case TYPE_MEDIKIT : MEDIKIT *mk = ( MEDIKIT *) obj ; ... case TYPE_MINE : MINE * mn = ( MINE *) obj ; ...
However , this approach has a fallback : Parts of code that work with particular class are scattered among entire program , grouped by event they handle ( eg. player touching object ) .
This way , if we want to change some aspect of object 's behavior , we have to look up and fix all places in source code where we access object .
We can easily miss some , and cause ugly bug .
Because of that , better approach is to group all code that works with particular class .
For every class , we place code working with object into separate function .
We will keep these functions in one place , grouped by object they work with .
In our example , we will have function that handles medikit being touched by player , and another that handles mine being touched by player :
Asm :
cmp dword [ esi ] , TYPE_MEDIKIT jne not_medikit push esi call medikit_touched jmp done not_medikit : cmp dword [ esi ] , TYPE_MINE jne not_mine push esi call mine_touched jmp done not_mine :
C :
switch ( obj ->type ) { case TYPE_MEDIKIT : medikit_touched (( MEDIKIT *) obj ) ; break ; case TYPE_MINE : mine_touched ( ( MINE *) obj ) ; break ;
Such functions , which work with particular class , we call " methods " .
Example of such method follows .
Every method 's first argument is pointer to object it works with ( commonly called " this pointer " ) :
Asm :
; offsets of members within MEDIKIT structure MEDIKIT.X = 8 MEDIKIT.Y = 12 MEDIKIT.HP = 16 ; when called medikit_touched : mov esi , [ esp +4 ] ; get argument from stack mov eax , [ esi + MEDIKIT.HP ] add [ player.hp ] , eax ; restore player 's health mov [ esi + MEDIKIT.HP ] , 0 ; medikit empty mov [ esi + MEDIKIT.X ] , - 1 ; move medikit out of map mov [ esi + MEDIKIT.Y ] , -1 retn 4
C :
void medikit_touched (( MEDIKIT *) this ) { player .hp += this ->hp ; // restore player 's health this ->hp = 0 ; // medikit empty this ->x = - 1 ; // move medikit out of map this ->y = - 1 ; }
Virtual methods
Still this way is n't ideal one .
When adding new class , we still have to add to many places code that checks type of object and calls appropriate method .
There is much more elegant .
We can place pointer to method as data memeber of all objects that have this method .
Then , when calling method , we do n't need to check type of object , we 'll just call function ( method ) pointed by that pointer .
Asm :
; medikit object dd TYPE_MEDIKIT ; object type = medikit dd medikit_touched ; pointer to " touched " method dd 10 ;x coordinate = 10 dd 15 ;y coordinate = 15 dd 50 ; hit points = 50 ; mine object dd TYPE_MINE ; type of object = mine dd mine_touched ; pointer to " touched " method dd 10 ;x coordinate = 10 dd 15 ;y coordinate = 15 dd 5 ; time to explode = 5 seconds dd 50 ; damage = 50 ; call " touched " method of object pointed by ESI push esi ; address of object for which method is called call dword [ esi+4 ] ; call pointed method
C :
struct MEDIKIT
{ int type ; void ( * touched ) ( OBJECT * this ) ; // pointer to " touched " method int x , y ; int hp ; } ; struct MINE { int type ; void ( * touched ) ( OBJECT * this ) ; // pointer to " touched " method int x , y ; int timeout ; int hp ; } ; struct OBJECT { // common part of all objects int type ; void ( * touched ) ( OBJECT * this ) ; // pointer to " touched " method } * obj ; // call " touched " method of " obj " object obj -> touched ( obj ) ;
Virtual Table
Let 's create another method .
It will be method calle " shot " , which will be called when player shots at the object .
So far , our objects will be declared this way :
Asm :
; medikit object dd TYPE_MEDIKIT dd medikit_touched dd medikit_shot ; we added pointer to " shot " method dd 10 dd 15 dd 50 ; mine object dd TYPE_MINE dd mine_touched dd medikit_shot ; we added pointer to " shot " method dd 10 dd 15 dd 5 dd 50 ; calling " touched " method of object pointed by ESI push esi call dword [ esi +4 ] ; calling " shot " method of object pointed by ESI push esi call dword [ esi+8 ]
C :
struct MEDIKIT
{ int type ; void ( * touched ) ( OBJECT * this ) ; void ( * shot ) ( OBJECT * this ) ; // we added pointer to " shot " method int x , y ; int hp ; } ; struct MINE { int type ; void ( * touched ) ( OBJECT * this ) ; void ( * shot ) ( OBJECT * this ) ; // we added pointer to " shot " method int x , y ; int timeout ; int hp ; } ; struct OBJECT { // common part int type ; void ( * touched ) ( OBJECT * this ) ; void ( * shot ) ( OBJECT * this ) ; // pointer to " shot " method } * obj ; // calling " touched " method of object " obj " obj -> touched ( obj ) ; // calling " shot " method of object " obj " obj -> shot ( obj ) ;
For sake of completness , we can demonstrate examples of these methods .
" medikit_shot " will reduce medikit hit points to half , and " mine_shot " will cause mine to immediately explode ( by setting it 's " timeout " to zero ) .
Asm :
medikit_shot : mov esi , [ esp +4 ] mov eax , [ esi + MEDIKIT .HP ] shr eax , 1 mov [ esi + MEDIKIT.HP ] , eax retn 4 mine_shot : mov esi , [ esp+4 ] mov dword [ esi + MINE .TIMEOUT ] , 0 retn 4
C :
void medikit_shot ( MEDIKIT
* this ) { this ->hp = this ->hp / 2 ; } void mine_shot ( MINE * this ) { this -> timeout = 0 ; }
Here we can notice problem with this approach .
Every object contains pointers to methods of its class .
But for all instances of same class , these pointers are same .
That means we waste memory with every object .
Solution is to define static table of pointer once for every class , and place pointer to it to every object .
This table is called " virtual table " .
This way , objects need to hold only the pointer ( besides it 's regular data members ) .
Not that this pointer is also unique for objects of every class , and so it can be used to determine type of object .
That means " type " member is no longer needed too .
Asm :
; virtual table for MEDIKIT class medikit_vtab : dd medikit_touched dd medikit_shot ; instance of MEDIKIT class mk : dd medikit_vtab ; pointer to virtual table dd 10 ; x dd 15 ;y dd 50 ; hp ; virtual table for MINE class mine_vtab : dd mine_touched dd mine_shot ; instance of MINE class mn : dd mine_vtab ; pointer to virtual table dd 20 ; x dd 20 ;y dd 30 ; timeout dd 50 ; hp ; calling " touched " method for object pointed by ESI push esi ; argument for method mov eax , dword [ esi ] ; EAX = address of virtual tablle call dword [ eax ] ; EAX+0 = address of " touched " method within the virtual table ; calling " shot " method for object pointed by ESI push esi ; argument for method mov eax , dword [ esi ] ; EAX = address of virtual tablle call dword [ eax + 4 ] ; EAX+4 = address of " shot " method within the virtual table
C :
// declaration of common virtual table interface struct VTAB { void ( * touched ) ( OBJECT * this ) ; void ( * shot ) ( OBJECT * this ) ; } ; // medikit struct MEDIKIT { VTAB * vtab ; int x , y ; int hp ; } ; VTAB medikit_vtab = {&medikit_touched , &medikit_shot} ; // virtual table of MEDIKIT class MEDIKIT mk1 = {&medikit_vtab , 10 , 15 , 50} ; MEDIKIT mk2 = {&medikit_vtab , 20 , 20 , 10} ; // mine struct MINE { VTAB * vtab ; int x , y ; int timeout ; int hp ; } ; VTAB mine_vtab = {&mine_touched , &mine_shot} ; // virtual table of MINE class MINE mn1 = {&mine_vtab , 10 , 15 , 30 , 30} ; // common part of all objects struct OBJECT { VTAB * vtab ; // uz iba vtab } ; OBJECT * obj ; // calling " touched " method for object pointed by " obj " obj->vtab -> touched ( obj ) ; // calling " shot " method for object pointed by " obj " obj -> vtab -> shot ( obj ) ;
Note : Usually most methods does n't need to be virtual , because compiler can ( if it is possible ) call appropriate method directly .
Virtual methods are useful along with inheritance .
We have n't defined " inheritance " yet ( even though we did use it , without knowing about it )
To be continued ?
That 's all for now .
Depending on feedback , i may decide to write more about lowlevel approach to modern OOP programming .
Continue to discussion board .
You can contact the author using e-mail vid@x86asm.net .
Visit author 's home page .
Revisions
2008-02-06 1.0
First public version vid
( dates format correspond to ISO 8601 )
Yukihiro Matsumoto is the creator of Japan 's only established open source programming language , Ruby .
He spoke with J@pan Inc's Sam Joseph about his creation .
Why did you build Ruby ?
When I was young , in high school , I had an interest in programming languages .
I thought , one day I will create my own .
Once I had honed my programming skills I invented something useful -- the Ruby programming language .
I was 28 .
Where did you study computer science ?
Till the end of high school I was self taught .
At university I specialized in computer science .
During university I associated myself with research departments that were working on programming languages and compilers .
Tell us a little about yourself .
I am the head of research at a company called Network Communications Laboratory ( an open source systems integrator ) .
I was born in Tottori prefecture and I live in Shimane - ken .
I have a wife and three children .
I graduated from Tsukuba University in Information Science .
I have n't studied abroad , but as a Mormon missionary , I have been involved in religious activities with Americans .
Why did you distributed Ruby as open source , and why did you choose the GPL ?
There was no reason not too .
Let us say for arguments sake that I did n't open the source and tried to sell Ruby , I would n't have any users and the result would be just me using the language for personal satisfaction .
The language itself would follow the exact same fate as thousands of other dead - end programming languages .
Because of the decision to go open source , along with a fair amount of luck , Ruby has become widely used .
As for using GPL , that was just because GPL is widespread and generally well understood .
However , the GPL is somewhat restrictive so a Ruby - specfic license can also be chosen .
What are the merits and demerits of open source ?
There are various merits , but for me the biggest is freedom .
I prefer the term ' free software ' more than open source .
The demerit is that financially supporting open source activity is very difficult .
I am very happy to be employed by the Network Communication Laboratory so I have a stable income , but other people are not so fortunate .
Do you think there is any special relationship between Japan and open source ?
I do n't think so .
Particularly Japanese have a weakness when it comes to communication in English , which acts as a barrier .
Software is the speciality of the West .
" sub eax , 128 " -> " add eax , - 128 " .
What 's the improvement here ?
It 's a space optimization .
Sometimes shorter code leads to faster code because it frees up more space in the code cache .
The trick is : - 128 fits in a signed char ; +128 does not .
Here are some examples , along with their x86 machine code representation :
sub eax , +128 2D 80 00 00 00 add eax , - 128 83 C0 80 sub ebx , +128 81 EB 80 00 00 00 add ebx , - 128 83 C3 80
We had two very good men run for president in 2000 and 2004 , but large segments of the electorate concluded that they did not really understand or relate to or frankly respect the truth , and I think that is an issue for voters .
Here ’s what Hillary says on her campaign Web site :
Today , Hillary Clinton received the endorsement of another prominent Montana leader , Yellowstone County Commissioner Bill Kennedy … .
Kennedy said Sen . Obama ’s remarks last week at a San Francisco fundraiser solidified his support for Sen. Clinton .
Here ’s the truth from Kennedy today , April 15 :
“ I had been leaning toward Hillary for months , ” Kennedy said .
“ I actually decided to endorse her two weeks ago . ”
In other words , he decided on April 1 .
Obama made the bitter comments on April 6 .
So , she lied .
It ’s not just the lies , but how bad Hillary sucks at lying .
The lies are amateurish .
She was caught in sniper fire when she knows there were a bazillion reporters , including film crews , with her at the time ?
The White House sent her and her 15 year old daughter on trips that were too dangerous for the president ?
She only mentioned the Bosnia gaffe once , late at night ?
Everyone at all of their stops has been wearing “ I ’m not bitter ” stickers ( when they were n’t , and the media has been with them the entire time ) ?
She ’s always been opposed to NAFTA ?
She brought peace to Northern Ireland ?
She once tried to join the Marines ?
She ’s a duck hunter and a big fan of the culture of guns ?
Speaking of ducks , if it quacks like a duck …
By Ryan Grim , The Politico
Just off the House floor today , the Crypt overheard House Judiciary Committee Chairman John Conyers tell two other people : “ We ’re closing in on Rove .
Someone ’s got to kick his ass . ”
Asked a few minutes later for a more official explanation , Conyers told us that Rove has a week to appear before his committee .
If he does n’t , said Conyers , “ We ’ll do what any self - respecting committee would do .
We ’d hold him in contempt .
Either that or go and have him arrested . ”
( Original Article )
This week , I want to look at recent discoveries in one of my favorite subjects — sex .
Discoveries that reveal surprising male subtlety .
Discoveries that could , perhaps , have implications for how we approach in vitro fertilization ( I.V.F . ) .
First : meet the meadow vole , Microtus pennsylvanicus , a small rodent that lives in North America .
When a male copulates , the number of sperm he gives his mate depends on circumstances .
If he smells other males in the neighborhood , he ejaculates more sperm than if he does n’t .
Or consider the earthworm Eisenia andrei .
These are hermaphrodites : they have both male and female parts .
Earthworms are n’t known for their sophistication , yet these animals , too , tailor their ejaculates for different occasions .
An earthworm mating with a worm that has had sex before gives around three times more sperm than it does when mating with a virgin .
( Sex in hermaphrodites can take one of two forms , depending on the species .
Either one partner plays the male and the other plays the female ; then they — usually — swap .
Or both animals transfer sperm to each other simultaneously .
These earthworms are of the simultaneous type , so an animal will lose both virginities in the same sexual encounter . )
How can worms tell if their partners have mated before ?
It ’s not clear ; perhaps virgins smell different from other worms .
Why does this happen ?
If more than one male copulates with the same female , then sperm from the different males may compete within her reproductive tract to fertilize her eggs — a phenomenon known as sperm competition .
If sperm competition is like a raffle — the more tickets you buy the more likely you are to win — then the male who provides the larger number of sperm will have a better chance of fertilizing her eggs .
A caveat : the chance of sperm competition depends not only on how females behave , but also on their anatomy .
In many species , females store sperm , sometimes for years .
Here , sperm competition may occur whenever females mate with more than one male .
In others — such as humans — females do not store sperm .
( Just as well : it would be annoying to suddenly become pregnant 20 years after an event you ’ve entirely forgotten . )
For species such as ourselves , sperm competition can only happen if a female copulates with more than one male while she is fertile .
The risk of sperm competition has long been known to drive the evolution of the number of sperm that males produce .
In species where females routinely mate with more than one male , males have evolved to make more sperm than in those where females are prim .
What has only recently been discovered is that males in many species make subtle alterations to their ejaculates on a copulation - by - copulation basis , depending on their assessment of immediate sperm competition risk .
( This is n’t under conscious control ; the male ’s body just does it . )
For it ’s not just meadow voles and earthworms .
Male fowl alter their ejaculates depending on a variety of factors , including their own social status and the presence of rivals .
Male Australian field crickets give virgins inferior ejaculates — ejaculates with fewer live sperm — than they give a female who has mated once before .
The list goes on .
Which raises the question :
If all these other males have evolved to alter their ejaculates with the circumstances — what about humans ?
The short answer is : we do n’t know .
Questions about human sex are often difficult to answer , because the experiments are hard to conduct — there are practical and ethical problems .
However , a couple of lines of evidence suggest human males may be no different from the others .
First , there ’s the matter of sperm competition .
The extent to which this has been a force in human evolution is controversial , because of what it says about the sexual behavior of our female ancestors .
As I mentioned a moment ago , sperm competition can only happen in humans if a woman has sex with more than one male during the time when she is fertile .
This means that she has to have sex with at least two men in the same week .
( The exact window of opportunity is the subject of debate ; but although the egg is only viable for about 24 hours , sperm can survive in the reproductive tract for at least a few days . )
This certainly happens occasionally .
There are a handful of reported cases of non-identical twins having different fathers — which can only happen if a woman ovulates two eggs at once ( which happens from time to time ) and also has sex with two men .
The question is whether sperm competition happened often enough in our past to have shaped the sexual physiology of men .
The odds are that it did .
A standard indicator of the risk of sperm competition is the ratio between a male ’s body size and his testes : the larger the relative size of the testes , the greater the historical risk of sperm competition .
( Larger testes mean larger numbers of sperm . )
Chimpanzees — a species in which females are fantastically promiscuous — have enormous testes .
Gorillas — a species where they ’re not — have tiny testes .
Humans are in between , albeit closer to gorillas than to chimps — which is consistent with a moderate , but not huge , risk of sperm competition in the past .
So , do men tailor their ejaculates depending on how they perceive the risk of sperm competition from one situation to the next ?
Possibly .
It seems that the quality of the ejaculate a man produces by masturbating can be altered by having him look at sexual videos and images while he does so .
Men — even those with vanishingly low sperm counts — ejaculate more healthy sperm if they masturbate while watching sexual videos than if they do it while staring at the ceiling .
And the effect does n’t stop there .
Men shown explicit pictures of a woman with two men ( potential rivals ) produce a higher proportion of swimming sperm than men shown explicit pictures of three women .
Whether this translates to sex under different circumstances is unknown .
But it does raise an interesting practical consideration .
Ejaculates produced during masturbation are often used for I.V.F .
Manipulating the stimuli a man watches while making his contribution might substantially improve the quality of what he provides .
**********
NOTES :
For ejaculate adjustment in meadow voles , see delBarco - Trillo , J. and Ferkin , M. H. 2004 .
“ Male mammals respond to a risk of sperm competition conveyed by odours of conspecific males . ”
Nature 431 : 446-449 .
In earthworms , see Velando , A. , Eiroa , J. , and Domínguez , J. 2008 .
“ Brainless but not clueless : earthworms boost their ejaculates when they detect fecund non-virgin partners . ”
The classic paper on sperm competition is : Parker G. A. 1970 .
“ Sperm competition and its evolutionary consequences in the insects . ” Biological Reviews 45:525-567 .
For sperm competition driving the evolution of sperm numbers , see Parker G. A. 1990 .
“ Sperm competition games : raffles and roles . ” Proceedings of the Royal Society of London B 242:120-126 .
For ejaculation adjustments in fowl ( Gallus gallus ) , see Pizzari , T. , Cornwallis , C. K. , Løvlie , H. , Jakobsson , S. and Birkhead , T. R. 2003 .
“ Sophisticated sperm allocation in male fowl . ” Nature 426 : 70 - 74 .
In Australian field crickets ( Teleogryllus oceanicus ) , see Thomas , M. L. and Simmons , L. W. 2007 .
“ Male crickets adjust the viability of their sperm in response to female mating status . ”
American Naturalist 170 : 190-195 .
For a review of the controversies over sperm competition in humans , and a consideration of the evidence , see Shackelford , T. K. , Pound , N. and Goetz , A. T. 2005 .
“ Psychological and physiological adaptations to sperm competition in humans . ”
Review of General Psychology 9 : 228-248 .
For cases of twins with different fathers , see Phelan M. C. , Pellock J. M. , and Nance W. E. 1982 .
“ Discordant expression of fetal hydantoin syndrome in heteropaternal dizygotic twins . ”
New England Journal of Medicine 307:99 - 101 .
For a comparison of humans with gorillas and chimpanzees , see Short R. V. 1979 .
“ Sexual selection and its component parts , somatic and genital selection , as illustrated by man and the great apes . ”
Advances in the Study of Behavior 9:131-158 .
For videos affecting ejaculate composition in humans , see Yamamoto , Y. , Sofikitis , N. , Mio , Y. , and Miyagawa , I. 2000 .
“ Influence of sexual stimulation on sperm parameters in semen samples collected via masturbation from normozoospermic men or cryptozoospermic men participating in an assisted reproduction programme . ”
Andrologia 32 : 131–138 .
For image content affecting ejaculate composition , see Kilgallon , S. J. and Simmons , L. W. 2005 .
“ Image content influences men ’s semen quality . ”
Biology Letters 1 : 253-255 .
The following was sent to me by a prosecutor who wishes to remain anonymous .
( No , it ’s not AHCL . )
I disagree with him —
I think he ’s missing at least one essential point ( that jury nullification is the law , so that a nullifying verdict is a verdict “ according to the law ” ) — but he ’s not entirely crazy , and I thought I ’d toss it out for discussion .
Enjoy and comment ( paging Clay Conrad ) .
( Do I need to say that opinions expressed below the line do n’t reflect my views ? )
I just ca n’t leave this one alone .
I feel compelled to address the completely outrageous , legally andfactually unjustifiable act that you and the writers of The Wire are encouraging .
So let ’s not discuss free will , etc .
We ’ll even leave out the admittedly dubious merits of the WoD for the moment .
Let ’s talk about one thing and one thing only : Jury nullification .
Can you please explain to me how jury nullification is not a gross and unconscionable violation of the juror ’s oath ?
As you well know , in Texas ( and I suspect most other states as well ) the jurors must swear , prior to being impaneled , that they will “ a true verdict render , based on the law and the evidence presented . ”
Read those words closely , and if I ’ve left any out , please let me know .
It does n’t say “ unless I disagree with the law in question , ” or “ unless I ’m against the WoD . ”
It does n’t mention jury nullification or even civil disobedience !
The Zenger case is often trotted out as the ultimate example of jury nullification .
But somehow I doubt the jurors in that case ever took such a specific oath .
Modern jurors are promising , in very specific terms , that they are going to render a TRUE verdict , based on the LAW and the FACTS presented .
Jury nullification ignores all three of those things :
The verdict will not be true , but will in fact be intentionally , knowingly , willfully and ( I might add , to go outside of mens reas BLATANTLY false .
The jury nullification verdict will not be based on the law , because it sets out to disregard the law because it is viewed as immoral , wrong , etc .
Finally , the jury nullification verdict will most certainly not be based on the facts , because it chooses to ignore those facts as a matter of course .
How , then , do proponents of jury nullification justify their position that modern jurors are legally authorized to employ this fancifully archaic concept ?
Is it simply understood that the whole juror ’s oath is but a subterfuge , and that the renegade juror must engage in this deception as a means to an end ?
The writers of The Wire , in advocating the actions that they have , are essentially promoting the commission of a crime .
Had they made the statements contained in the Time magazine article in Texas , then they would almost certainly be guilty of aggravated perjury .
Outrageous , no ?
How dare I suggest that the exercise of their First Amendment rights could possibly constitute a crime ?
Pretty easily , actually .
Just look at the law .
Perjury and aggravated perjury are defined as follows :
P.C. 37.02 Perjury ( a) A person commits an offense if , with intent to deceive and with knowledge of the statement ’s meaning : ( 1 ) he makes a false statement under oath or swears to the truth of a false statement previously made and the statement is required or authorized by law to be made under oath *** P.C. 37.03 Aggravated Perjury ( a) A person commits an offense if he commits perjury as defined in Section 37.02 , and the false statement : ( 1 ) is made during or in connection with an official proceeding ; and ( 2 ) is material .
( b)
An offense under this section is a felony of the third degree .
The writers of The Wire are telling their readers to premeditatedly violate this statute .
By taking the juror ’s oath , a juror who plans on engaging in jury nullification is making a false statement under oath , and the statement could hardly be more material to the proceeding !
The elements of perjury are thus met .
The violation is even more egregious since it is planned out in advance .
The jurors enter the courtroom having already formed the intent to commit jury nullification in narcotics cases , regardless of the evidence ( “ save for a prosecution in which acts of violence or intended violence are alleged ” of course , according to the sanctimonious and high - minded drivel put out in the article ) .
Since it is premeditated , the jurors ’ oath is false at the moment the jury nullification juror is taking it .
So how are The Wire writers guilty ?
Texas law further provides :
P.C. 7.02 CRIMINAL RESPONSIBILITY FOR CONDUCT OF ANOTHER . ( a ) A person is criminally responsible for an offense committed by the conduct of another if : *** ( 2 ) acting with intent to promote or assist the commission of the offense , he solicits , encourages , directs , aids , or attempts to aid the other person to commit the offense ***
The Wire writers are , to put it bluntly , encouraging and directing their readers to break the law .
And , let ’s face it , that ’s exactly what jury nullification is : Breaking the law .
Not to mention breaking your oath , lying , and a host of other things your mother probably told you not to do .
In America , God bless her , we do have legitimate forms of protest .
We have the right of free speech and we have the right of assembly .
The series of tubes known as The Internets is probably the greatest vehicle ever for exercising both of these fundamental rights .
Jury nullification is not a legitimate form of protest any more than robbing a bank is a legitimate form of protest against unfair lending practices or the subprime mortgage crisis .
So what are we left with ?
you ask .
What recourse do we have against the tyranny of the evil WoD ?
Well , in America , God bless her , we also have something known as a democracy , and along with it the right to vote .
We have elected legislatures whose precise purpose is to enact the will of the people .
If you disagree with the WoD , the solution is to vote for a candidate who will cease that war and legalize narcotics .
The solution is not to lie under oath and deliberately pervert the justice system .
Jury nullification undermines confidence in the judiciary at a time when that confidence is already tragically low .
It opens a whole range of unpleasant questions about inequities in its application .
After all , if jury nullification is to be carried out in drug cases , then why not resisting arrest cases , DWI cases , or even murder cases ?
After all , those laws could be considered to represent a war on people with oppositional defiant disorders , alcohol problems , or anger management issues .
Ask the defendants and their family members if THEY would prefer the jurors to ignore the facts .
I ’ll bet the candid ones would say yes in a heartbeat .
Jury nullification , for all the noble prose and liberatarian philosophies behind it , has no place in the modern criminal justice system .
As a prosecutor , I commit my jurors to following the law , and I ask if they can promise to do that and convict if I prove my case to them beyond a reasonable doubt .
It ’s a proper and appropriate question ( even under Standefer ) and the people who are honest enough to say “ No ” get to go home .
If you disagree with the WoD , that is your free gift from our justice system .
You are hereby exempted from jury service .
And there is no shame in it , either .
I often ask my panelists if , for reasons of personal conviction or belief , they simply cannot follow a certain law .
They have that opportunity to speak .
( And for perjury enthusiasts , I should add that voir dire is conducted under oath , as well . )
I do not ask anyone to enforce a law they are dead set against if it would violate their conscience to do so .
There is nothing wrong with admitting that you cannot or will not abide by your oath and follow the law .
What IS wrong is calculatedly concealing that fact for the purpose of subverting the legal process .
That can and should lead to troubles that are — to borrow from The Wire writers again — far from fictional .
Cuddle Party is … a workshop !
Though touch is natural , the skills that make it welcome and enjoyable have to be learned .
Skills of communication , boundaries , asking for what you want , and saying ‘ Yes ’ or ‘ No ’ with clarity and kindness .
Cuddle Party is led by trained and certified Cuddle Party Facilitators .
The Facilitator ’s job is to guide you into those skills gently and easily , in a fun , safe and light hearted way .
We welcome you and create an atmosphere of respect , and remain available for questions and support .
At a Cuddle Party you gain :
* Clarity and confidence
* Boundary and communication skills
* Comfort , support and encouragement
* The secrets to welcome , relaxed , non-sexual touch
The skills you learn at Cuddle Party translate into every day life , right from the start .
When boundaries and consent are clear , every relationship is easier .
Where else can you attend a workshop in your pajamas ?
Cuddle Party is … a social event !
We open with a Welcome Circle - about 45 minutes of introductions , rules and a few games to help everyone get comfortable .
We teach communication and boundary skills in ways that are lighthearted and fun .
Then we open up for ‘ free - style ’ cuddling .
You have plenty of time to relax , chat , share a back rub or other welcome touch , cuddle , have a snack or just hang out .
You can come to a Cuddle Party to meet new people , to enjoy amazing conversations , to touch , to be touched , to have fun , to practice asking for what you want , to practice saying “ no ” to what you do n’t want — all in a setting structured to be a safe place for exploration and enjoyment .
Shucks , you can even come to a Cuddle Party just to cuddle !
We hope you join us .
Where is the next one ?
Events are happening all over the US , as well as in Australia , Canada , Denmark , England , Sweden , and South Africa !
Find a Cuddle Party near you .
In Australia and Oceana check out : Cuddle Party Oz .
Become a Cuddle Party Facilitator
Think you might like to learn to facilitate Cuddle Party ( or other events ) in your area ?
Yes , we do offer training .
First a weekend workshop in facilitation skills and then , if you are interested , a Certification program of mentoring and group coaching to prepare you to create the safest and most welcoming Cuddle Party ever .
Read more . .
A former aide of Abu Nidal says the militant Palestinian leader , who was found dead in Iraq this week , was behind the 1988 bombing of a passenger plane over the Scottish town of Lockerbie .
In an interview , Atef Abu Bakr says Abu Nidal told a meeting of his Fatah - Revolutionary Council that he had organised the bombing of Pan Am Flight 103 , which killed 270 people .
He told London - based Arabic daily al - Hayat that Abu Nidal had threatened to kill anyone who revealed his responsibility for the attack .
A special Scottish court in the Netherlands convicted a former Libyan government agent , Abdelbaset ali Mohmed al - Megrahi , of the Lockerbie bombing and sentenced him to life in prison .
Split
Mr Abu Bakr , a former spokesman for the group , split with Abu Nidal in 1989 , a year after the bombing .
" Abu Nidal said during an inner-circle meeting of the leadership of the Revolutionary Council , ' I will tell you something very important and serious , the reports which link the Lockerbie act to others are false reports .
We are behind what happened ' , " Mr Abu Bakr is quoted by the newspaper as saying .
Abu Nidal told the meeting that if anyone leaked what he had said , " I will kill him even if he is in the arms of his wife " .
Al - Hayat did not make clear when or where the meeting took place , or who attended apart from Abu Nidal .
A senior British parliamentarian has urged the Foreign Office to investigate the claims " as a matter of the utmost urgency " .
Tam Dalyell , a left - wing Labour MP , has long argued that the Libyans were not responsible for the attack and that it was carried out by Abu Nidal .
" If these allegations are true they blow everything relating to Lockerbie out of the water , including the trial in Holland , " he said .
House arrest
The group led by Abu Nidal , one of the world 's most wanted men before Iraqi authorities announced that he had killed himself in his Baghdad apartment , has been blamed for attacks in which hundreds were killed or wounded in the 1970s and 1980s .
Abu Nidal set up his headquarters in the Libyan capital Tripoli in 1987 .
He was put under house arrest when Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi came under pressure to crack down on militants after the Lockerbie bombing .
Mr Abu Bakr has given a series of exclusive interviews to the Saudi- owned , London - based al - Hayat since the first accounts of Abu Nidal 's death emerged .
He has told the newspaper that Abu Nidal ordered the bomb attack on a Gulf Air flight from Abu Dhabi to Karachi in 1983 that killed all 111 people on board .
He also said that his former boss plotted to assassinate Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak in 1989 with the co-operation of an Arab state , but then aborted the plan .
And he has claimed that Abu Nidal was responsible for the 1986 attack on a West Berlin disco that killed two US soldiers and a Turkish woman , and wounded 260 others , provoking American air strikes on Libya .
Op - Ed : The Forgotten Children of the FLDS Polygamist Group , The Lost Boys By By Susan Duclos Apr 16 , 2008 in Lifestyle
While people are claiming such outrage over 416 children removed from the FLDS compound and the mothers are going to the press to shed tears and act like victims , everyone seems to forget the other children of the FLDS ...
The Lost Boys .
Texas Attorney General Questions Statements Made About Bigamy at YFZ Ranch Update On The FLDS Custody Hearing Regarding the Children of the YFZ Ranch Custody Hearing for the Children of the Polygamist FLDS Sect Starts Judge Orders FLDS Children To Stay in Texas State Custody More The Lost Boys .
The mothers say the boys are " dead " to them , because the " prophet " has decided they are no longer a member of the family .
Most of the They were One of these boys , Another of those boys is At 17 , he begged to visit his mother on Mother 's Day , to just give her a gift , yet the mother told him that he was " dead " to her .
Gideon is one of the ' ' Lost Boys , " a group of more than 400 teenagers -- some as young as 13 -- who authorities in Utah and Arizona say have fled or been driven out of the polygamous enclaves of Hildale , Utah , and Colorado City over the last four years .
His stated offenses : wearing short - sleeved shirts , listening to compact discs , and having a girlfriend .
Other boys say they were booted out for going to movies , watching television , and staying out past curfew .
Another "
At the time the plight of the children came to light , in 2005 , it was not the mothers that these boys blamed for refusing to acknowledge their existence , it was Warren Jeff , who was the " prophet " of the FLDS and it was him they wanted punished .
These boys still loved their mothers , even after having their mothers shun them and refuse to consider them alive , throwing them away as if they were garbage , out into the world that they had first taught these children to fear .
More of these former FLDS children have come forward recently , since the Child Protective Services took 416 children from the FLDS compound and they too find very little pity for the mothers that are crying for the cameras .
One of which is " I think it 's an act of desperation to a degree .
They do n't know what else to do , " Holm said .
" They howl and cry that they 're being ripped away from this wonderful family condition they 're in when they 've got blood on their hands .
They did it to me and several hundred other men . "
Warren Jeff , the leader of the FLDS ( Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints ) .
Warren Jeff was put onto the FBI 's Ten Most Wanted List for unlawful flight to avoid prosecution on Utah state charges related to his alleged arrangement of extralegal marriages between his adult male followers and underage girls .
He was arrested in August of 2007 and additionally charged with sexual conduct with minors and incest — in two separate cases .
He was convicted of of two counts of rape as an accomplice for forcing young girls to marry older men , in his FLDS compounds .
Jeffs is awaiting trial on similar charges in Arizona .
One of those girls was 14 and at first she was known as Jane doe but later allowed her name to be published .
That brave girl 's name is According to prosecutors , Jeffs married them , told them to multiply and replenish the Earth .
And then they consummated their marriage .
What jurors do n't know is that Jeffs is on the FBI 's 10 - most - wanted list because he 's accused of doing this with many other girls under the age of 18 .
But Elissa
Wall is the only one who has come forward .
And that 's why she 's the only witness in this particular case .
15 of his followers were in court that day , making the same claims they make now that their young children have been taken away pending abuse allegations , claiming they are persecuted because of their religion .
The children in state protective care .
News Meisner said child welfare officials still can't find birth certificates for many of the children , making parentage and age determinations impossible .
She said many of the children do n't know who their parents are and many have the same last name but may or may not be related .
" It 's a difficult process , " she said .
Many of these children associate more than one woman as their mother and cannot even provide information such as their own birth dates .
The Raid .
When child welfare investigators
The decision to finally raid the FLDS compound came after a phone call from a girl claiming she was being abused at the YFZ Ranch , a girl who still has not been found yet or has not stepped forward , but also after 4 years of obtaining information from a confidential informant , according to the local sheriff .
SAN ANGELO —
The local sheriff today defended his decision not to intervene sooner at a West Texas polygamist compound , despite having a confidential informant who provided him with information over four years .
The confidential informant told authorities days ago that beds in the group 's sacred temple at the Yearning for Zion Ranch were used by adult men to have sex with underage girls , according to court documents .
" It 's just like anything .
If you have a meth lab on your property and you feel it 's there , you 're not going to ( trample ) their civil rights or treat them any differently until you get probable cause or information or an outcry , " said Schleicher County Sheriff David Doran .
Many try to claim now that it was one phone call that led to 416 children being taken from their homes .
Those same people ignore the fact that whenever an allegation of abuse is made , investigators go into a home and do their jobs , which is to investigate .
It was that investigation that led them to find pregnant young teens , some of which already had other children .
It was that investigation that led to findings which made investigators believe the children were suffering from abuse and neglect .
The documents detailed the evidence that Texas officials presented to a judge to justify taking temporary state custody of more than 400 children from the YFZ Ranch , near the tiny town of Eldorado , built by the Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints .
The papers say that in responding to an initial report that a 16 - year - old girl had been sexually abused at the ranch , a guarded complex with a towering limestone temple at its center , investigators found many young girls who either were pregnant or had given birth .
Why did the authorities wait so long ?
Over the years there have been many brave girls that have escaped and young boys that have been thrown out of their homes at various FLDS compounds that have come out and told of the abuses that run rampant within the confines of the YFZ Ranch and other compounds in different states .
Yet authorities continued to let this abuse continue until a little over a week ago , doing nothing but receiving information from a confidential informant , even after the leader of that sect , Warren Jeff , was convicted of conspiracy to rape a 14 year old child by marrying her off .
Even after being aware that Jeff was wanted by the FBI under accusations that he married off many other girls who were under the age of 18 .
Was that not a bright red flag waving in the face of the state ?
In the words of Carolyn Jessop , whose ex-husband Merril Jessop runs the YFZ Ranch : Everybody totally accepts that a little girl born into a monogamous family , that she has the right to help if she 's being abused .
But once you touch a little girl that 's been born into a polygamous family , everybody goes through the roof and it's ' religious persecution , ' " she said .
" That is not the case .
That little girl has as much right to protection by the United States government as a little girl that 's born into a monogamous family .
We just need to cut through the crap . "
Yes , we do need to cut through the crap and the outrage of those children being taken from their mothers .... the same group that will toss their 13 year old boys onto the street , never caring if they lived or died , the same group that allowed little Elissa Walls to married off at the age of 14 and the same group that cannot even produce birth certificates to prove that these children are even theirs .
Where was that outrage when the " Lost Boys " were tossed out like garbage ?
Where was that outrage when the girls that escaped the abuse they were suffering at the FLDS compound , reported the crimes ?
Where was all this outrage as these children were being abused ?
The saddest thing of all here , is that some of these same children that these mothers want returned immediately , before the investigation is complete , the boys , will most probably become " Lost Boys " themselves by the time they hit 15 .
While it is difficult to estimate the exact number of young boys , some only 13 years of age , rough estimates have the number at 400 to as many as 1,400 young boys have been put on to the streets after having been thrown out of the FLDS for a variety of reasons , some as little as kissing a girl , or wearing a short sleeved shirt .
The mothers say the boys are " dead " to them , because the " prophet " has decided they are no longer a member of the family .
Most of the Lost Boys are between the ages of 13 and 21 when banished from or pressured to leave compounds such as the Yearning for Zion ( YFZ ) Ranch .
They were raised to fear the outside world , fear authorities and have a very limited education , but because men in the FLDS sect must have at least three wives , the women to men ratio would n't allow for that if the boy children were all allowed to stay and with some of the FLDS men having up to 10 wives , that makes it even more necessary to send these children packing , out into a world they have been taught to fear , to sleep on the street .
One of these boys , named Franky , says , " How a father or a mother can suddenly take a child and kick them out and never speak with them again , that 's just unbelievable .
" Another of those boys is Gideon Barlow , who says he arrived in this strange world as an orphan from another world , at the age of 16 .
At 17 , he begged to visit his mother on Mother 's Day , to just give her a gift , yet the mother told him that he was " " to her .
Another " Lost Boy " was John Jessop who was kicked out of the family at the age of 13 years old because he ran away for three day and another is Sam Icke who was kicked out of his home for kissing a girl .
At the time the plight of the children came to light , in 2005 , it was not the mothers that these boys blamed for refusing to acknowledge their existence , it was Warren Jeff , who was the " prophet " of the FLDS and it was him they wanted punished .
These boys still loved their mothers , even after having their mothers shun them and refuse to consider them alive , throwing them away as if they were garbage , out into the world that they had first taught these children to fear .
More of these former FLDS children have come forward recently , since the Child Protective Services took 416 children from the FLDS compound and they too find very little pity for the mothers that are crying for the cameras .
One of which is Richard Holm and he says , " They ( FLDS leaders ) are guilty of what they 're accusing the authorities of doing .
" Warren Jeff was put onto the FBI 's Ten Most Wanted List for unlawful flight to avoid prosecution on Utah state charges related to his alleged arrangement of extralegal marriages between his adult male followers and underage girls .
He was arrested in August of 2007 and additionally charged with sexual conduct with minors and incest — in two separate cases .
He was convicted of of two counts of rape as an accomplice for forcing young girls to marry older men , in his FLDS compounds .
Jeffs is awaiting trial on similar charges in Arizona .
One of those girls was 14 and at first she was known as Jane doe but later allowed her name to be published .
That brave girl 's name is Elissa Wall and she was the only girl that testified because others were scared to come forward .
15 of his followers were in court that day , making the same claims they make now that their young children have been taken away pending abuse allegations , claiming they are persecuted because of their religion .
News reports are coming out now that say some of the children in Texas state care cannot even name or point out who is their actual mother is and they continue to give authorities different names .
Many of these children associate more than one woman as their mother and cannot even provide information such as their own birth dates .
When child welfare investigators first went to the YFZ Ranch , they found many pregnant teenagers and underage girls who said they were forced to marry , according to court documents unsealed on Tuesday , April 8 , 2008 .
The decision to finally raid the FLDS compound came after a phone call from a girl claiming she was being abused at the YFZ Ranch , a girl who still has not been found yet or has not stepped forward , but also after 4 years of obtaining information from a confidential informant , according to the local sheriff .
Many try to claim now that it was one phone call that led to 416 children being taken from their homes .
Those same people ignore the fact that whenever an allegation of abuse is made , investigators go into a home and do their jobs , which is to investigate .
It was that investigation that led them to find pregnant young teens , some of which already had other children .
It was that investigation that led to findings which made investigators believe the children were suffering from abuse and neglect .
Over the years there have been many brave girls that have escaped and young boys that have been thrown out of their homes at various FLDS compounds that have come out and told of the abuses that run rampant within the confines of the YFZ Ranch and other compounds in different states .
Yet authorities continued to let this abuse continue until a little over a week ago , doing nothing but receiving information from a confidential informant , even after the leader of that sect , Warren Jeff , was convicted of conspiracy to rape a 14 year old child by marrying her off .
Even after being aware that Jeff was wanted by the FBI under accusations that he married off many other girls who were under the age of 18 .
Was that not a bright red flag waving in the face of the state ?
In the words of Carolyn Jessop , whose ex-husband Merril Jessop runs the YFZ Ranch : Yes , we do need to cut through the crap and the outrage of those children being taken from their mothers .... the same group that will toss their 13 year old boys onto the street , never caring if they lived or died , the same group that allowed little Elissa Walls to married off at the age of 14 and the same group that cannot even produce birth certificates to prove that these children are even theirs .
Where was that outrage when the " Lost Boys " were tossed out like garbage ?
Where was that outrage when the girls that escaped the abuse they were suffering at the FLDS compound , reported the crimes ?
Where was all this outrage as these children were being abused ?
The saddest thing of all here , is that some of these same children that these mothers want returned immediately , before the investigation is complete , the boys , will most probably become " Lost Boys " themselves by the time they hit 15 .
More about Lost boys , Polygamy , Flds lost boys polygamy flds
It was on April 14th , 1912 — over 100 years ago — when the last meal was served in the first - class dining room on the RMS Titanic .
As we all know , later that night , the ship collided with an iceberg and sank , with the loss of over 1500 lives .
Here ’s a detailed look at what was on the menu for the first - class passengers .
First Course
Hors D’Oeuvres
Oysters
Second Course
Consommé Olga
Cream of Barley
Consummé Olga is made with a quart of warmed consummé ( clear broth , usually beef ) and a pint of good port wine .
Then julienne a stalk of celery , the white of a leek , the outside only of a small carrot , and soften in butter over low heat .
Add a little more consummé and reduce to a glaze , and then finish cooking the vegetables in it .
In a tureen , put the glazed vegetables along with julienned gherkins , and the consummé and wine mixture .
( Escoffier , 593 )
Third Course
Poached Salmon with Mousseline Sauce , Cucumbers
Mousseline Sauce is a hollandaise sauce that ’s fortified with whipped cream .
( Escoffier , 92 )
Fourth Course
Filet Mignons Lili
Sauté of Chicken , Lyonnaise
Vegetable Marrow Farci
Tournedos Lili are seasoned steak fillets fried in butter , then arranged to form a crown , each on a crust of Potatoes Anna ( basically , layered potato slices , generously buttered and baked in a hot oven for 30 minutes ; Escoffier 2203 ) , and then topped with an artichoke bottom , garnished with a slice of foie gras , and then topped with a slice of truffle , and served with a Périgueux sauce ( Madiera wine , reduced veal stock , and chopped truffle ; Escoffier , 47 ) .
In other words , this dish is gilding a lilly .
( Escoffier , 1101 )
Sauce Lyonnaise is a relatively simple sauce in comparison , flavored with sauteed diced onion , and equal parts white wine and vinegar , reduced to a glaze , and added to reduced veal stock ( demi- glace ) .
( Escoffier , 43 )
Vegetable Marrow Farci is apparently stuffed squash .
“ Marrow squash , also known as vegetable marrow , is a very large , green summer squash .
They are related to zucchini , and can grow to the size of a watermelon .
They have a bland flavor , and are frequently stuffed with a meat stuffing . ”
The “ farci ” indicates that squash was stuffed .
( source )
Fifth Course
Lamb , Mint Sauce
Roast Duckling , Apple Sauce
Sirloin of Beef , Chateau Potatoes
Green Peas
Creamed Carrots
Boiled Rice
Parmentier & Boiled New Potatoes
Chateau Potatoes are potatoes cut to the shape of olives , then cooked gently in clarified butter until golden and very soft , and sprinkled with parsley just before serving .
( Escoffier , 2208 )
Parmentier Potatoes is a pureed potato soup garnished with crouton and chervil , but it can also be served more like runny mashed potatoes .
( Escoffier , 658 )
Sixth Course
Punch Romaine
Punch à la Romaine is a mixture of dry white wine or champagne and a simple sugar syrup , plus the juices of two oranges and two lemons , with a bit of their zest , steeped for one hour .
Strained and frozen , then mixed with a sweet meringue and then fortified with rum .
It ’s served like a sherbet , and acts as a palette cleanser .
( Escoffier , 2932 )
Seventh Course
Roast Squab & Cress
Squab is actually pigeon .
Escoffier says , “ Young pigeons are not very highly esteemed by gourmets , and this is more particularly to be regretted , since when the birds are of excellent quality , they are worthy of the best tables . ”
Eighth Course
Cold Asparagus Vinaigrette
Ninth Course
Pate de Foie Gras
Celery
Tenth Course
Waldorf Pudding
Peaches in Chartreuse Jelly
Chocolate & Vanilla Eclairs
French Ice Cream
Escoffier has nothing to say about Waldorf Pudding , but research on the net turns up several improvised recipes ( 1 , 2 , 3 ) , none of which are authentic .
They involve essential ingredients based on the famous Waldorf Salad , which has apples , walnuts and raisins , but I ca n’t help but suspect that these guesses may be off course .
While it ’s true that the one of the more common recipes that the Waldorf Astoria is known for is the salad , there ’s no reason to conclude that these are the only ingredients that could possibly be in a dessert named after it .
Update , 4/28/08 : I found some old cookbooks online that list recipes for Waldorf Pudding .
One has apples , the other one does n’t .
Read all about it .
Each of the 10 courses was served with a special accompanying wine .
Following the tenth course , fresh fruits and cheeses were available followed by coffee and cigars accompanied by port and , if desired , distilled spirits .
You may also be interested in reading about what some of the other passengers on the Titanic were eating that night .
Also , more information on the elusive recipe for Waldorf Pudding .
Hands - on Linux Software RAID
By Amit Kumar Saha
What is Software RAID ?
Software RAID is RAID implemented with software - no additional hardware such as a RAID controller is needed .
Thus , software RAID is a good starting point to start getting some hands - on RAID experience .
Also , software RAID is independent of proprietary management software - maintaining a software RAID works the same way on all machines that run Linux .
However , there is something to think about too : when considering software RAID , think about performance .
All RAID algorithms are done by the system CPU and every block has to be copied over the system 's data bus ( i.e. sda1 <-> IO controller <-> RAM , possibly CPU <-> IO controller <-> sdb1 ) .
( Thanks to René Pfeiffer of the Answer Gang for pointing that out . )
Enabling your Kernel to support RAID
I am using Ubuntu 7.10 with the " stock " kernel for my experiments .
The test machine has an 80 GB SATA HDD .
First , check whether the RAID support is enabled in your kernel :
cat / proc/mdtstat
If you get a message saying :
cat : / proc/mdstat :
No such file or directory
then you need to enable RAID support .
There are two possiblities :
RAID support was disabled while compiling the kernel and you will have to recompile it You will have to insert the multiple disk ( md ) support module manually .
Check whether the " md * " modules exist under / lib / modules / $( uname -r)/kernel/drivers/md/ and insert the module as follows : $ sudo modprobe md-mod Password : ( Thanks to Kapil of the Answer Gang for this one )
Now , you can verify whether RAID support is active :
amit@amit - desktop : ~$ cat / proc / mdstat Personalities : [ linear ] [ multipath ] [ raid0 ] [ raid1 ] [ raid6 ] [ raid5 ] [ raid4 ] [ raid10 ] unused devices :
This means that now we have RAID support in the kernel .
Tools for manipulating RAID arrays
Now that you have got a RAID enabled Kernel , you will need to use some user - space tools to help you out to play with RAID .
Slightly outdated ' raidtools ' and the newer , better ' mdadm ' are the tools available to you .
My focus in this article will be on ' mdadm ' .
For more information on using ' raidtools ' and a comparison of the two , please refer to the How - To mentioned in the References .
Installing ' mdadm '
amit@amit - desktop : ~$ sudo apt - get install mdadm Reading package lists ...
Done Building dependency tree Reading state information ...
Done Recommended packages : mail - transport - agent
The following NEW packages will be installed : mdadm 0 upgraded , 1 newly installed , 0 to remove and 0 not upgraded .
Need to get 220 kB of archives .
After unpacking 627 kB of additional disk space will be used .
Get : 1 http://in.archive.ubuntu.com gutsy /main mdadm 2.6.2-1ubuntu2 [ 220 kB ]
Fetched 220 kB in 48s ( 4515B /s)
Preconfiguring packages ...
Selecting previously deselected package mdadm .
( Reading database ... 88932 files and directories currently installed . )
Unpacking mdadm ( from .../mdadm_2.6.2-1ubuntu2_i386.deb ) ... Setting up mdadm ( 2.6.2-1ubuntu2 ) ...
Generating array device nodes ... done .
Generating mdadm.conf ... done .
Removing any system startup links for /etc/ init.d/mdadm-raid ... update - initramfs : deferring update ( trigger activated ) * Starting MD monitoring service mdadm -- monitor [ OK ]
Processing triggers for initramfs - tools ... update - initramfs : Generating / boot / initrd.img-2.6.22-14-generic
Creating a RAID device
My disk setup now is as follows :
Name Flags Part Type FS Type [ Label ] Size ( MB ) --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- sda1 Boot Primary NTFS [ ] 20612.56 sda5 Logical W95 FAT32 20579.66 sda6 Logical W95 FAT32 20587.88 sda7 Logical Linux ext3 12000.69 sda8 Logical Linux swap / Solaris 1019.94 sda9 Logical Linux 2048.10 sda10 Logical Linux 2048.10 sda11 Logical Linux 3446.40
I will now combine sda9 and sda10 to form one large logical device to form a RAID array .
For the purpose of demonstration , and also since 0 is always a good point to start , creating a level - 0 RAID is next .
[ Note the type of the partition .
The Linux RAID kernel driver can automatically start a RAID device if the type of the partition is marked as 0xFD meaning " Linux RAID partition with autodetect using persistent superblock " .
-- René ]
Combining 2 consecutive partitions to form a RAID is not a smart thing to do , I was told by the Answer Gang .
But till I find it why , I shall persist .
[ The purpose of having a RAID is to distribute the I/O load of any read / write operations over multiple disks .
Hard disks are slow , and take a while to complete commands given to them .
Depending on the I/O operation , a RAID will allow the system to let the disks in a RAID work in parallel .
This is especially true when reading from a RAID0 or RAID1 .
If you create a RAID device on the same physical device the RAID driver does n't notice .
The problem you have then is that you put the poor drive under a lot of load , since the driver now thinks it can issue a command in parallel while in reality the is no parallelism .
This means that the heads of the drive will probably move a lot - and this is a bad idea as a friend of mine who does professional data recovery once explained to me .
So , it 's OK to do this for educational purposes , but please , do n't ever ever put live data on a production server into a RAID consisting of partitions on the same physical drive .
-- René ]
Creating a Level - 0 RAID
amit@amit - desktop : ~$ sudo mdadm -- create --verbose / dev/md0 -- level=0 -- raid - devices=2 / dev/sda9 / dev/sda10 [ sudo ] password for amit : mdadm : chunk size defaults to 64 K mdadm : array / dev/md0 started .
Let us now check the RAID array we just created :
amit@amit - desktop : ~$ cat / proc / mdstat Personalities : [ linear ] [ multipath ] [ raid0 ] [ raid1 ] [ raid6 ] [ raid5 ] [ raid4 ] [ raid10 ] md0 : active raid0 sda10 [ 1 ] sda9 [ 0 ] 3999872 blocks 64 k chunks unused devices :
Now , we 'll create a filesystem on the new RAID device :
amit@amit - desktop : ~$ sudo mkfs -t ext3 / dev/md0 [ sudo ] password for amit : mke2fs 1.40.2 ( 12 - Jul - 2007 )
Filesystem label= OS type : Linux Block size=4096 ( log=2 ) Fragment size=4096 ( log=2 ) 500960 inodes , 999968 blocks 49998 blocks ( 5.00 % ) reserved for the super user First data block=0 Maximum filesystem blocks =1027604480 31 block groups 32768 blocks per group , 32768 fragments per group 16160 inodes per group Superblock backups stored on blocks : 32768 , 98304 , 163840 , 229376 , 294912 , 819200 , 884736 Writing inode tables : done Creating journal ( 16384 blocks ) : done Writing superblocks and filesystem accounting information : done
This filesystem will be automatically checked every 33 mounts or 180 days , whichever comes first .
Use tune2 fs -c or - i to override .
amit@amit - desktop : ~$ sudo mkdir / media / RAID0 amit@amit - desktop :~$ mount / dev/md0 / media / RAID0 / mount : only root can do that amit@amit - desktop : ~$ sudo mount / dev/md0 / media / RAID0 / amit@amit - desktop : ~$ df Filesystem 1K - blocks Used Available Use % Mounted on . .
/ dev/md0 3936940 73440 3663508 2 % /media/RAID0
let us now use ' mdadm ' to get some details on the RAID array :
amit@amit - desktop : ~$ sudo mdadm -- query / dev/md0 -- detail /dev/md0 : 3.81 GiB raid0 2 devices , 0 spares .
Use mdadm -- detail for more detail .
amit@amit - desktop :~$ sudo mdadm -- detail /dev/md0 /dev/md0 : Version : 00.90.03 Creation Time : Tue Mar 11 13:05:22 2008 Raid Level : raid0 Array Size : 3999872 ( 3.81 GiB 4.10 GB ) Raid Devices : 2 Total Devices : 2 Preferred Minor : 0 Persistence : Superblock is persistent Update Time : Tue Mar 11 13:05:22 2008 State : clean Active Devices : 2 Working Devices : 2 Failed Devices : 0 Spare Devices : 0 Chunk Size : 64 K UUID : f77bd177:706b589c:2a7af8c6:cbd32339 ( local to host amit- desktop ) Events : 0.1 Number Major Minor RaidDevice State 0 8 9 0 active sync / dev/sda9 1 8 10 1 active sync /dev/sda10
Looking ahead
A RAID experimental bed is now ready for us .
In some future articles , I shall try to share my experiments on the RAID setup .
You may also consider visiting my blog posts on RAID here .
References
Acknowledgements
Thanks to the Answer Gang ( TAG ) for discussions on RAID a while back .
Though none of the cool suggestions has been tried by me , the next article shall have them tried , tested and appreciated .
I also had the privilege to get my article " live - edited " by the Answer Gang which I believe was a limited period offer .
Thanks , guys !
Talkback : Discuss this article with The Answer Gang
The author is a freelance technical writer .
He mainly writes on the Linux kernel , Network Security and XML .
During a keynote speech at the Intel Developer Forum in Shanghai , an Intel executive brandished a Netbook that looked Air-thin .
Will inexpensive Linux Netbooks be a poor man 's MacBook Air ?
Intel
Most of the photos to date of upcoming Netbooks are ho - hum designs , engineered to be inexpensive yet practical for users such as young schoolchildren .
But some upcoming designs look intriguing -- and extremely thin .
( See close - up photo here -- PC Watch . )
" This Netbook is running Linux ... As you see , this does n't mean an ugly design .
It 's a really nice - looking , stylish design , " said Dadi Perlmutter , executive vice president and general manager of Intel 's Mobility Group , when waving a very - thin - looking Netbook ( photo ) at the audience during his keynote at IDF .
Consider the typical specifications for a Netbook ( best exemplified by the tiny Eee PC ) and it's not a stretch to design an ultraportable , ultrathin Netbook :
Power - sipping
Atom processor :
This chip will draw as little as 0.65 watt , much less than the Air's Core 2 Duo chip which has a TDP ( Thermal Design Power , or thermal envelope ) of 20 watts .
This means less heat dissipation .
Solid - state drive : Netbooks ( Eee PC , Intel Classmate ) will typically use SSDs , not hard - disk drives -- another power - and space - saving feature .
( There will be exceptions such as the 2go , which packs a hard drive . )
No optical drive : : Typically , Netbooks wo n't come with optical drives -- meaning power and cost savings .
Smaller display : Netbooks will have small , less - power - hungry displays , ranging from seven to nine inches .
Though not as well - endowed as full - fledged notebooks like the MacBook Air , Netbooks wo n't set you back $ 3,000 either .
It 's likely that the price will be much closer to $ 300 -- but that 's a big unknown at this point .
Intel sees two distinct market opportunities for the Netbook .
In the developing world , Netbooks will attract first - time buyers .
In more mature markets , they will become supplemental PCs .
Click here for more stories on IDF Shanghai .
Today we ’ll overview the early history of programming languages , and I ’ll follow this post with others that explore more recent developments .
I ’m going to intentionally leave out people and focus on the languages in general terms — although the personalities involved make quite a story , too .
In the very early days of computing , the only “ language ” employed was comprised of native machine instructions , which were often “ entered ” by flipping switches and moving cables around .
Programmers had to know the numeric representation of each instruction , and they had to calculate addresses for data and execution paths .
Can you say “ brittle code ? ”
Some time in the 1950 ’s someone got the bright idea of writing instructions in a human - readable form by using symbols for instructions and memory addresses .
They called this “ assembly language ” , because they ran this text through a utility called an “ assembler ” that would translate the nearly - human - readable code into machine instructions .
Assembly language is often considered the second generation of computer languages .
Naturally , each type of processor has its own flavor of assembly language corresponding to its unique instruction set and addressing capabilities .
Translating a program from one processor ’s assembly to another can be quite a task , especially if it ’s over 30,000 lines of code ( sans comments ) that makes use of idiosyncrasies of the target processor ( I still have n’t let go of the pain ) .
The fifties also saw the rise of the third generation of programming languages , which sought to solve the machine - specific problem as well as to make programs even more understandable to humans .
Fortran and COBOL are both imperative languages ( which means that they ’re written in a sequential “ do this , now do this ” style ) — and each tried in various ways to mimic human language with the goal of eliminating the need for programmers .
Scientists could code Fortran , and business people could code COBOL — or so the grand vision ran .
Lisp , which was introduced at about the same time , never made any pretensions to human language .
It expresses abstractions in a purely functional form and allows code and data to be interchanged easily .
Thus , it appeals to mathematicians and cognitive scientists — and has proven to be a source of inspiration for other programming languages ever since .
Third generation languages ( aka “ 3GLs ” ) made it possible for businesses to create huge , complex applications that would remain in service for decades .
Soon it became obvious that a programming methodology that made code easier to understand and modify would provide a distinct advantage .
Thus , structured programming was born .
The GOTO statement became anathema .
Programmers were encouraged to write programs top - down , starting with the general processing steps and then breaking those down into smaller logical chunks , all called in a hierarchical fashion with clear entry / exit points .
But it was dang hard to write structured code in Fortran IV ( although you could if you really tried — I ’ve even written structured assembly ! ) .
COBOL , though it had the modular PERFORM paragraph construct , was n’t quite up to the task either .
Then along came languages like ALGOL , Pascal , C , and ADA .
These languages provide the ability to define , within one source file , discrete functions that each have their own private data scope — encapsulating portions of the application and exposing only a limited interface via the function ’s arguments and return value , so the innards of each can be modified without affecting the rest of the application .
In yet another attempt to eliminate programmers , quite a few companies tried their hand with what become known as fourth - generation languages ( 4GLs ) .
These languages sought to abstract business application development to the point where only the business rules needed to be specified .
In the 80’s and early 90 ’s many attempts were made to rewrite applications in a 4GL , most of which failed miserably because real - world applications require exceptions to any rule , and unless you can easily get at lower layers of abstraction you ca n’t use a highly abstract language for all purposes .
Thus , 4GLs are really only suitable for specific problem domains , and so have over the years morphed into DSLs or scripting languages for specific parts of applications , like VBA for MS Office or SQL for database access .
Back in the thriving land of 3GLs , Software developers began to realize that collections of encapsulated functions could become reusable between applications if they were made generic enough .
They developed “ utility libraries ” , and they ’d sometimes even document the functions contained therein .
They also started noticing that some of their functions were closely related to one another — often operating on the same data .
Sometimes this led to combining the functions and adding a parameter to indicate which operation to perform — a crude way to aggregate methods .
The desire for reusability , the encapsulation of functions and data behind a controlled interface , and the logical grouping of functions around data — these were some of the ideas that led to the development of object - oriented programming and languages that support it .
But lets save that topic for a future post , as well as the rise of scripting languages and the flowering of functional and dynamic programming .
Part 2 : An introduction to object oriented languages
Part 3 : The ascent of scripting languages
elcome !
elcome !
WTF ?! - a WoW inspired side - scrolling Flash - based RPG .
Scenario :
The time / space continuum of Azimuth has enfolded .
A Rift Lord 's unwittingly opened a portal from the earthly netherworld , and the place is crawling with infamous historical thinkers , like Karl Marx , Sigmund Freud , and Mary Daly , each of whom is trying to enlist your help in effort to figure out WTF Azimuth is all about .
And ... as you might imagine , there 's plenty of conflict as they attempt to make sense of the ways in which , as Mary Daly puts it , " the game naturalizes a Western militaristic heterosexist hypersexualized patriarchal capitalism , played out in relation to a spiritually infused race war - kinda . "
It 's an ideological revolt , or perhaps it 's just ideologically revolting .
Something is definitely afoot .
You must choose whom to align with as competing factions attempt to find the means to wrest control of Azimuth away from whomever , or whatever , currently holds power .
Think WoW meets social theory meets game studies meets , well ... tabloid journalism ... since you also dig up plenty of dirt about some of these characters along the way .
Woot !
In this first installment you can play 2 main characters , quest in 4 unique zones , interact with over 15 NPCs , and advance to level 10 - ish ... but be patient , it 's ~ 5.8 MB file that needs to load .
The core functionality and game mechanics are present , but only a sampling of the content to come .
And maybe that 's a good thing ... uilt with uilt with
Our freely available SDK to facilitate your own abusive game designs !
Note :
This software is not officially sponsored by or directly associated with either the World of Warcraft developers at Blizzard Entertainment or their publisher and parent company Vivendi Universal ... as if ... ROFL .
What drove a rich Saudi boy to become a terrorist mastermind ?
After months of interviews , and gathering startling new testimony from al - Qaeda associates and enemies around the world , Afghanistan specialist Jason Burke sifts fact from rumour to provide the fullest account yet of the life of Osama bin Laden .
At every corner in the darkened village , guards stood with their Kalashnikovs and rocket - launchers at the ready .
Sitting on rugs spread on the dirt floor of a mud- brick and wood house , two men ate a meal of rice , grilled mutton and vegetables .
High above , the warplanes of America could be heard growling in the night .
The men , both in their mid-forties , bearded and dressed in the local traditional baggy long shirt and trousers , washed , ate , prayed and then talked .
Osama bin Laden , the world 's most wanted man , and Mullah Mohamed Omar , supreme leader of the Taliban regime , had a lot to discuss .
A few days earlier , at 8.45 pm on 30 September , US and British cruise missiles had started hitting targets across Afghanistan in retribution for the terrorist attacks that had killed 5,000 people in New York and Washington nearly three weeks earlier .
Now death and destruction had come to villages , cities and military camps throughout Afghanistan .
Several missiles had landed near the village where the two men were meeting .
Many more had landed on the southern city of Kandahar , the spiritual and administrative base of the Taliban .
The two men were there to decide their response to the war they had suddenly found themselves fighting .
The meeting , revealed to The Observer by sources in a Gulf intelligence agency , did not last long .
That was partly due to security concerns : a well - placed Tomahawk cruise missile could have wiped out both of the Pentagon 's main targets .
Partly it was because the two were in agreement on almost everything .
Mullah Omar reaffirmed his support , affection and respect for his Saudi - born friend .
Bin Laden replied in kind .
The two swiftly reached a decision on tactics .
They would jointly resist any aggression , they would work to create and exploit divisions in the coalition ranged against them , and they would exploit the humanitarian crisis - and any civilian casualties - to create global anger against the bombing campaign .
Then the two embraced and went their separate ways .
They are not thought to have met since .
In 1930 , a powerfully built dockside labourer , six feet tall and with one eye , decided there was more to life than loading ships in the ports of his poverty - stricken native province of Hadramaut in Yemen .
He packed a bag , bought a place on a camel caravan heading to the newly created kingdom of Saudi Arabia , and set off on a thousand - mile trek to seek his fortune .
The man , who would go on to father a terrorist sought by the military might of the Western world , got his first job as a bricklayer with Aramco - the Arabian - American oil company - earning a single Saudi riyal , about 10 p , a day .
He lived frugally , saved hard , invested well and went into business himself .
By the early 1950s Mohamed bin Laden was employed in building palaces for the House of Saud in Riyadh .
He won the contracts by heavily undercutting local firms .
It was a gamble that paid off .
Bin Laden 's big break came when a foreign contractor withdrew from a deal to build the Medina - Jedda highway and he took on the job .
By the early Sixties he was a rich man - and an extraordinary one .
' He could n't read or write and signed his name with a cross all his life , but he had an extraordinary intelligence , ' said a French engineer who worked with him in the Sixties .
The engineer remembered that the former labourer never forgot his roots , always leaving home ' with a wad of notes to give to the poor ' .
Such alms - giving is one of the fundamentals of Islam .
Bin Laden senior was a devout man , raised in the strict and conservative Wahhabi strand of Sunni Islam .
Later he was to boast that , using his private helicopter , he could pray in the three holiest locations of Islam - Mecca , Medina and the al - Aqsa mosque in Jerusalem - in a single day .
Visiting the former two sites must have been especially satisfying , for it was the contract to restore and expand the facilities serving pilgrims and worshippers there that established the reputation of his company , confirmed its status as the in - house builders of the Saudi ruling clan and made him stupendously wealthy .
Though at one stage he was rich enough to bail out the royal family when they fell on hard times , the tatty bag he had carried when he left the Yemen remained on display in the palatial family home .
He was killed when his helicopter crashed in 1968 .
Mohamed bin Laden had , in the words of the French engineer , ' changed wives like you or I change cars ' .
He had three Saudi wives , Wahhabis like their husband , who were more or less permanent .
The fourth , however , was changed on a regular basis .
The magnate would send his private pilot all over the Middle East to pick up yet another bride .
' Some were as young as 15 and were completely covered from head to toe , ' the pilot 's widow recently recalled .
' But they were all exceptionally beautiful . '
Bin Laden 's mother , Hamida , was not a Saudi or a Wahhabi , but a stunningly beautiful , cosmopolitan , educated 22 - year - old daughter of a Syrian trader .
She shunned the traditional Saudi veil in favour of Chanel trouser suits and this , coupled with the fact that she was foreign , diminished her status within the family .
She was Mohammed bin Laden 's tenth or eleventh spouse , and was known as the ' the slave wife ' .
Mohamed bin Laden gave even his former wives a home at his palaces in Jedda and Hijaz .
Hamida was still married to the millionaire when he died and so , amid a huge family and the solid gold statues , the ancient tapestries and the Venetian chandeliers , this is where Osama bin Laden , Mohamed 's seventh son , ' the son of the slave ' , grew up .
Born in 1957 - the year 1377 of the Islamic calendar - he was 11 when his father died .
He never saw much of him .
A flavour of the bin Laden household comes from a document provided to the American ABC TV network in 1998 by ' an anonymous source close to bin Laden ' .
It offers unprecedented insights into Osama 's childhood .
' The father had very dominating personality .
He insisted to keep all his children in one premises , ' it reads .
' He had a tough discipline and observed all the children with strict religious and social code .
At the same time , the father was entertaining with trips to the sea and desert , ' the document goes on .
' He dealt with his children as big men and demanded them to show confidence at young age . '
Brian Fyfield - Shayler , 69 , gave the then 13 - year - old bin Laden and 30 other privileged classmates attending al - Thagh school , an élite Western - style Saudi school in Jedda , four one - hour English lessons a week during 1968 and 1969 .
He described bin Laden as a ' shy , retiring and courteous ' boy who was unfailingly polite .
' He was very courteous - more so than any of the others in his class .
Physically , he was outstanding because he was taller , more handsome and fairer than most of the other boys .
He also stood out as he was singularly gracious and polite , and had a great deal of inner confidence , ' said Fyfield - Shayler .
Bin Laden was ' very neat , precise and conscientious ' in his work .
' He was n't pushy at all .
Many students wanted to show you how clever they were .
But if he knew the answer to something he would n't parade the fact .
He would only reveal it if you asked him . '
In bin Laden 's early teens there was little sign of the fanatic he would become .
In 1971 the family went on holiday en masse to the small Swedish copper mining town of Falun .
A smiling Osama - or ' Sammy ' as he sometimes called himself - was pictured , wearing a lime - green top and blue flares , leaning on a Cadillac .
Osama , then 14 , and his older brother Salem had first visited Falun a year before , driving from Copenhagen in a Rolls - Royce flown in from Saudi Arabia .
Oddly , they stayed at the cheap Astoria hotel , where the owner , Christina Akerblad , recalled them spending the days out ' on business ' and the evenings eating dinner in their rooms .
' I remember them as two beautiful boys - the girls in Falun were very fond of them , ' she said .
' Osama played with my two [ young ] sons . '
Akerblad remembered the wealth she found on display when cleaning the boys ' rooms .
' At the weekends we saw they used the extra bed in their rooms to lay out their clothes .
They had lots of white silk shirts packaged in cellophane .
I think they had a new one for every day_
I never saw the dirty ones .
They also had a big bag for their jewellery .
They had emeralds and rubies and diamond rings and tie pins . '
Nor was there any sign of incipient fervour in a bucolic summer at an Oxford language school in the same year .
Bin Laden and his brothers befriended a group of Spanish girls and went punting on the Thames .
Last month one woman showed a Spanish newspaper a photos of herself and girlfriends - one in hotpants - with three bin Laden boys .
Bin Laden , wearing flares , a short - sleeved shirt and a bracelet , looks like any other awkward teenager .
His two older brothers look more assured .
The young Saudi even once stayed on London 's Park Lane .
He had forgotten the name of the hotel his Saudi parents had checked into , he told a reporter several years ago , but he recalled ' the trees of the park and the red buses ' .
Quite how much of a personal fortune bin Laden had inherited is uncertain .
It may well be a lot less than the huge sums ( up to $ 250 million ) often cited .
The young bin Laden was never interested in money for its own sake .
In fact , the very things that had made the father huge riches had begun to trouble the son .
The early Seventies were a time of huge cultural change in the Middle East .
Oil revenue , the wars with Israel and , above all , increasing contact with the West forced a profound re-examining of old certainties .
For most of Mohamed bin Laden 's numerous progeny , the answer lay in greater Westernisation and the elder members of the family set off for Victoria College in Alexandria in Egypt , Harvard , London or Miami .
But not bin Laden .
Like tens of thousands of other young men in the region at the time , Osama had become increasingly drawn to the cool , clear , uncluttered certainties of extremist Islamist ideology .
1974 - 84 : The devout scholar turns holy warrior
After finishing high school in Jedda in 1974 , bin Laden decided against joining his siblings overseas for further education .
Salim , the head of the clan , had been educated at Millfield , a Somerset boarding school .
Another , Yeslam , went to university in Sweden and California .
Osama entered the management and economics faculty at King Abdul Aziz University .
There are some reports , again unconfirmed , that he married his first wife , a Syrian related to his mother , when he was 17 .
Salim , the elder brother who had run the bin Laden corporation after their father 's death , hoped Osama would take up a useful role in the family business and ensured that a key element of his university course was civil engineering .
Bin Laden himself preferred the Islamic Studies component of the course .
Later , he was to combine the two in a radically effective way .
At university he heard tapes recorded by the fiery Palestinian - born Jordanian academic Abdallah Azzam , and these had a powerful impact .
Azzam 's recorded sermons - much like Osama 's videotapes today - brilliantly caught the mood of many disaffected young Muslims .
Jedda itself - and King Abdul Aziz university - was a centre for Islamic dissidents from all over the Muslim world .
In its mosques and medressas ( Islamic schools ) they preached a severe message : only an absolute return to the values of conservative Islam could protect the Muslim world from the dangers and decadence of the West .
One bin Laden brother , Abdelaziz , remembers Osama ' reading and praying all the time ' during this period .
Osama certainly became deeply involved in religious activities at university , including theological debates and Koranic study .
He also made useful contacts , striking up a crucial friendship with Prince Turki ibn Faisal , a young royal and the future chief of Saudi intelligence services .
But events were to overtake him .
In February 1979 Ayatollah Khomeini returned to Iran , overthrew the Shah and established an Islamic Republic .
A shudder of excitement and fear ran through Muslims everywhere .
In November - and bin Laden was later to refer to this as a crucial , formative event - Islamic radicals seized the grand mosque at Mecca and held it against Saudi government forces .
Bin Laden , young , impressionable , increasingly devout but still unsure of himself and his vocation , was stunned .
Eventually , after much bloodshed , the rebels were defeated .
' He was inspired by them , ' a close friend told The Observer last month .
' He told me these men were true Muslims and had followed a true path . '
Sooner than anyone expected , bin Laden got his chance to follow them .
In the last days of the year Soviet tanks rolled into Afghanistan .
It is just 30 miles from the Afghan border to the febrile Pakistani city of Peshawar .
The road winds down through the Khyber Pass , through the badlands ruled by the violent and unruly Pashtun tribes , past the relics of battles fought by men from a score of armies - Greek , Arab , Mongol , Sikh and British - and then disappears into the choking mayhem of the city 's bazaars .
In the spring of 1980 , with yet another army 's tanks parked up against the frontier , Peshawar was seething with soldiers , spies , gun-runners , drug dealers , Afghan refugees , exiles , journalists and , of course , the thousands of sympathisers who had flocked from all over the Muslim world to fight the Soviet forces .
One of them , distinctive in his carefully tailored shalwar kameez and English handmade leather boots , was Osama bin Laden .
' I was enraged and went there at once , ' he has told interviewers .
He was 23 and had found the cause he had been looking for .
Bin Laden 's time fighting the Russians was critical .
It was during this period that he changed from a contemplative , scholarly young man to a respected , battle - hardened leader of men .
And though he had yet to fully develop his extremist ideas , the war in Afghanistan gave him crucial confidence and status .
' He came to the jihad a well - meaning boy and left a man who knew about violence and its uses and effects , ' said one former associate interviewed by The Observer in Algeria last year .
According to Gulf intelligence sources , bin Laden 's first trip to Peshawar lasted little more than a month .
He returned to Saudi Arabia and started lobbying his brothers , relatives and old school friends to support the fight against the Soviet Union .
When he went back to Pakistan with the huge sum of money he had collected , he took with him several Pakistanis and Afghans who had been working in the bin Laden company .
They set about organising an office to support the Mujahideen and the Arab volunteers .
Within weeks of his first arrival in Pakistan , Osama had been introduced to Abdullah Azzam , the charismatic preacher whose taped sermons had made such an impression at university .
The pair got on well .
The energy , administrative talent and contacts of the young Saudi complemented the profound Islamic knowledge and commitment of the older man .
Azzam , then 38 , was a founder of the Hamas guerrilla group on the occupied West Bank and Gaza and thus had the experience to run a major organisation .
For the next two years , bin Laden commuted between the Gulf and Pakistan .
All the time his relationship with Azzam grew stronger .
At first , bin Laden kept a low profile .
Journalists in Pakistan at the beginning of the Eighties remember hearing stories about the ' Saudi sheikh ' who would visit wounded fighters in the university town 's clinics , dispensing cashew nuts and chocolates .
The man would note their names and addresses and soon a generous cheque would arrive at their family home .
Such generosity - perhaps learnt from his father with his wad of notes for the poor - is something that almost all who have fought for or alongside bin Laden mention .
Some - such as one former al - Qaeda member interviewed by The Observer in Algeria - speak of $ 1,500 donations for marriages , others talk of cash doled out for shoes or watches or needy relatives .
His followers say that such gifts bind them to their emir as effectively as the bayat or oath that many of them swear .
Sometimes his time was as valuable as his money .
One former Afghan Mujahideen remembered how he had befriended bin Laden because he wanted to learn Arabic .
The young Saudi spent many hours tutoring him , in the language of the Koran .
Despite his tough reputation , he was still the quiet and softly spoken young man his teachers had remembered .
By 1984 , bin Laden and Azzam had rented a house in the Peshawar suburb of University Town and established a logistics base for the thousands of Arab fighters arriving in the city .
It was called Beit - al - Ansar ( the House of the Faithful ) .
' Bin Laden ... would receive the Arab volunteers , vet them and then send them on to the various Afghan factions , ' said one former associate .
The venture was condoned by the CIA , the powerful Pakistani intelligence service , the ISI , and the Saudi agency , the Istakhbarat , soon to be headed by his old friend Prince Turki .
None , though , gave bin Laden any American aid .
Beit - al - Ansar was on Syed Jalaluddin Afghani Road , a quiet backstreet full of bougainvillea and large houses built for the local élite .
By the mid-Eighties the area had become a centre for the Afghan resistance .
All the leaders of the various groups had offices there .
There were two newspapers - one published by Abdullah Azzam and bin Laden .
There was even a ' neutral ' office , in a building rented by bin Laden , where Mujahideen groups could thrash out their differences .
Conditions were spartan - almost deliberately so .
The volunteers , and bin Laden too , used to sleep a dozen to a room on thin pallets laid out on the hard floor of their offices .
According to former associates , bin Laden used to sit up late into the night discussing Islam and Middle Eastern history .
The young Saudi was yet to develop his radical ideology .
Instead his views were a mixture of half - remembered history and heavily skewed , and often ill - informed , analyses of current affairs .
Bin Laden was particularly angry about what he called the betrayal of the Arabs by the British after the First World War .
He also criticised the Saudi royal family , saying they had exploited the Wahhabi to gain power .
At other times bin Laden would lead religious debates among the volunteers .
Many centred on Sura Yasin - the key passage known as ' the heart ' or ' the source ' of the Koran , when Muhammad the prophet reveals the message and the task that God has entrusted him with .
' He used to talk a lot about the warriors of Islamic history such as Salauddin [ Saladin ] , ' said one associate .
' It was as if he was preparing himself . '
1984 - 90 : The battle - hardened fanatic tastes power
Just over the border from Peshawar into Afghanistan is the small village of Jaji .
In 1986 the Soviet garrison there was under heavy attack from the resistance .
One morning a senior commander was sheltering from a bombardment by Russian mortars in a bunker when a tall Arab dived through the door as explosions shook the earth .
It was bin Laden .
His ' ground war ' had started .
In the mid-Eighties - partly due to a massive increase in American funding for the resistance - the war in Afghanistan intensified .
Thousands of young Muslims were filling the university town dormitories .
Though their motives were varied - some came for adventure , camaraderie or to escape from the law - most came for one reason only .
' I went to fight for my faith , ' one Egyptian former mujahid told The Observer in London last year .
Through the summer of 1986 bin Laden was in the centre of the fighting around Jaji .
Once , with a force of about 50 Arabs , he fought off a sustained assault by Soviet helicopters and infantry .
' He was right in the thick of it , ' Mia Mohamed Aga , a senior Afghan commander at the time and now with the Taliban , said last week .
' I watched him with his Kalashnikov in his hand under fire from mortars and the multiple - barrelled rocket launchers . '
Over the next three years , bin Laden fought hard , often exposing himself to extreme physical danger .
One leader of the hardline Hezb - i - Islami group said he remembered bin Laden holding a position under heavy bombardment after being surrounded by Soviet soldiers .
At least a dozen other senior veterans , many of whom are now opposed to bin Laden , corroborate the accounts of his combat role .
They all mention his lack of concern for his own safety .
The devout boy was turning into the holy warrior .
Bin Laden 's fanaticism was shared by his men .
' I took three Afghans and three Arabs and told them to hold a position [ during the battle for the eastern city of Jalalabad in 1989 ] .
They fought all day , then when I went to relieve them in the evening the Arabs were crying because they wanted to be martyred .
I told them that if they wanted to stay and fight they could .
The next day they were killed .
Osama said later that he had told them that the trench was their gate to heaven . '
Bin Laden shared more than their fanaticism .
' You never knew he was so rich or the commander of everyone .
We used to all sit down together and eat like friends , ' another veteran said .
On some occasions he took it on himself to broker truces between Afghan factions .
His self - assumed responsibility for supplying the Mujahideen continued .
CIA sources estimated he was bringing in at least $ 50 m a year for the jihad .
One veteran said that during the fighting for Jalalabad , he had seen the Saudi by a roadside , caked in mud , organising food , boots and clothes for the Mujahideen .
However , there were tensions with those who did not share his hardline Islamism .
Said Mohamed , another Afghan veteran , said bin Laden had refused to deal with him during one battle because he was clean shaven .
Bin Laden was learning the power of the media too .
Reports of his exploits , by Arab journalists based in Peshawar , were published throughout the Middle East .
They brought him a flood of recruits as well as a respect and a status that he had never had before .
The ' son of the slave ' was now a sheikh himself .
In 1979 the Soviet forces pulled out of Afghanistan and left a puppet government in Kabul .
The Mujahideen were now battling other Afghans . - and each other .
There was little to keep the thousands of battle - hardened fighters of the Arab ' international brigade ' in Afghanistan .
Many left to continue their jihad in their home countries .
Bin Laden , hating the internecine squabbles , was one .
' He was very frustrated by it all .
He is a very honest , very clean man , and when he saw the Arabs were arguing among themselves he was sickened by it , ' said Jammal Nazimuddin , a former fighter .
' He used to tell them that they had defeated the Soviet empire alone because they were united and Allah had blessed them .
If they were not united , he said , they could not do Allah 's will . '
Bin Laden , aged 33 , went home .
Continued :
The making of bin Laden : Part 2
DALLAS -- Authorities said Friday that a convicted steroids dealer who claimed to have sold drugs to pro football players killed himself , and the mother of a woman found dead in his home said she believes he killed her , too .
The Dallas County medical examiner ruled 35 - year - old David Jacobs ' shooting death a suicide , but police in the Dallas suburb of Plano are n't saying whether he shot his on - again , off - again girlfriend .
The department 's preliminary report does rule her death a homicide .
Both bodies were found in the master bedroom of Jacobs ' Plano home .
He was shot in the abdomen and head , and 30 - year - old Amanda Earhart - Savell was shot several times .
A .40 - caliber Glock was found next to Jacobs , police said .
Earhart - Savell 's mother said her daughter feared Jacobs .
" It was a murder - suicide , that 's what , " said Kathy Earhart , who also lives in Plano .
" He was a dangerous man and she feared him .
And he did what she thought he would do if he got to the point he was , which was distraught .
He had no means of income , no nothing , so ... "
Police said until they receive the medical examiner 's final report they can't explain how Jacobs killed himself .
" I do n't know if he shot himself in the abdomen first and it was superficial .
We just know that those were the two places he was shot , " said Plano police spokesman Andrae Smith .
Jacobs was sentenced to three years probation and fined $ 25,000 on May 1 after pleading guilty last year in federal court in Dallas to conspiring to possess with intent to distribute anabolic steroids .
He met twice with NFL security officials and gave them names of players he said bought steroids from him .
Jacobs ' father , David Arthur Jacobs , has told The Dallas Morning News that he feared someone would hurt his son because of his steroid dealings .
He did n't think his son was suicidal , and he stood by that when contacted by The Associated Press on Friday .
" I do n't believe it , but it 's neither here nor there .
That 's just my personal opinion , " the elder Jacobs said from his home in suburban Atlanta .
" That 's all I 've got to say at this point . "
Kathy Earhart said her daughter told her recently that Jacobs held a gun to his head and threatened to pull the trigger .
" She ( Earhart - Savell ) actually felt , I think , that she could calm him down and help him because he had threatened suicide before , " Earhart said , adding that she last saw her daughter Monday night at her Plano home .
" She was trying to help -- not to say that she did n't care for him -- but toward the end , it was fear more than care . "
The two regularly worked out in health clubs together , Kathy Earhart said .
Jacobs was an amateur bodybuilder and Earhart - Savell was a " figure competitor " whose striking body graced the pages of fitness magazines , she said .
Earhart said she was hurt by some media reports that implied that her daughter was a bodybuilder .
Earhart said that symmetry and beauty are important in figure competitions so " she would n't need to take steroids , " because the drugs would have made her too big and bulky .
David Jacobs said he sold tens of thousands of dollars worth of performance - enhancing drugs to former Dallas Cowboys offensive lineman Matt Lehr in 2006 and 2007 .
Lehr has also played for Tampa Bay and Atlanta .
Lehr 's attorney has denied his client used banned substances after a four - game suspension in 2006 .
The NFL said Thursday it is evaluating information provided by Jacobs .
Jacobs ' attorney , Hank Hockeimer , did n't return a phone call and e-mail seeking comment Friday .
Di Trippi
Che il porno , lo spogliarello o la prostituzione siano diventati nuovi modi per mantenersi gli studi a quanto pare è un fenomeno transnazionale .
Dopo le universitarie spogliarelliste sul web di milano e le squillo di Cambridge , ora c’è la pornoattrice in salsa bourguignone !
Una francesina che si arrabbia con un giornale francese e lo taccia di cattivo giornalismo perchè avrebbe svilito la passione per il suo lavoro ( aspirante pornostar ) buttandola nel mucchio delle lucciole da strada !!
“ Ma che lucciola , ma che pagarsi gli studi ?
Io faccio film hard perchè mi piace ” , avrebbe obiettato la studentessa inviperita dal suo blog !!
Ma io non so ‘ sti giornalisti approssimativi l’hanno buttata nel mucchio assimilandola alle sciacquette da tesi e da strada !
Ma tornando alla vita dura delle studentesse moderne , che poveracce loro , mica distribuiscono più , come faceva la sottoscritta , volantini , sponsorizzazioni riviste e quant ’ altro , mica fanno più le modelle per qualsivoglia oggetto o prodotto ..
Ma si sa che questa signorina qui è più furba , o magari studia marketing o economia , fattostà che se ha una buona copertura di banner e pubblicità varie sul suo sito personale magari con gli incassi ci si potrà pagare chessò , un pò più di una rata della retta universitaria !
Io prevedo il boom di accessi , voi ?
Qualcuna , come la signorina qui sotto , poi ha pensato bene di pubblicarci un libro sul tema che sta scuotendo le coscienze d’oltralpe con dei numeri che svelano una realtà sotterranea che forse è stata sottovalutata ( 40.000 ragazze si prostituiscono , spesso usano internet come bacheca per agganciare i clienti ) .
MEXICO CITY , Mexico ( CNN ) --
The Mexican government has ordered 2,000 troops to the U.S. - Mexico border in response to a wave of drug - related violence that is blamed for 200 deaths since January , officials announced Thursday .
Mexico has ordered troops to move near Juarez , shown here with El Paso , Texas , in the distance .
The troops are expected to depart Friday .
The majority will be near the northern border of Mexico , in Juarez .
Juarez sits across the Rio Grande from El Paso , Texas .
Officials said the violence in Mexico has increased in large part to competing drug cartels .
" In this battle we will show that no criminal group is capable to resist the strength of the Mexican government , " Interior Minister Juan Mourino said at a news conference Thursday .
Defense Secretary Guillermo Galvan said 2,026 soldiers , 180 military tactical vehicles , three airplanes and more than a dozen drug detection devices would be employed in the military operation .
" Violence , and this needs to be stressed , generates organized crime of drug trafficking , " said Mexican Attorney General Medina Mora .
" It 's not in any way a sign of strength , but a sign of weakness , deterioration and decomposition . "
E-mail to a friend
CNN en Espanol 's Ariel Crespo contributed to this report .
All About Mexico
Michael Collins : Election Fraud in Pennsylvania ?
Election Fraud in Pennsylvania ?
( Image Source - Diebold Variations )
They 've got a Secret Michael Collins
" Scoop " Independent News
Washington , D.C .
The Pennsylvania primary could lock up the Democratic nomination process once and for all .
The campaign that Democratic National Committee Chairman Howard Dean asked to be finished by July 1 could be over this Tuesday .
Regardless of your candidate or party , you 're probably like the vast majority of citizens who insist on fair elections that are open to the public for examination .
Citizens want to know that the candidate taking office is the same candidate who won a majority or a plurality of the votes .
A 2006 Zogby poll of 1018 registered voters nationwide found that 92 % believed that they , as citizens , have the right to witness vote counting for the election of their paid public servants .
That will not be the case in Pennsylvania any more than it was the case in Florida , Ohio , California , South Carolina , and most other primary states .
Almost all states bar any real inspection of vote counting , the process that determines the election result .
Even if they did allow you to watch the count , all you would see is a whirring third - rate computer system run by a private company that wo n't allow anyone to take a comprehensive look inside .
Post election audits are either absent or randomly selected by the people who run the election .
Recounts require an exceptionally close election , less than a 1 % difference typically .
And citizen recounts after the election , where paper records exist , are barred by law in Florida and Virginia and barred almost everywhere else by bureaucratic fiat .
Even if you got to examine each and every ballot , the chain of custody of those paper records will likely be compromised at several key points .
Ballots collected by unaccountable individuals , driven around in the trunks of cars , unsupervised , plus other election board customs , mean you can't track the chain of custody of ballots from collection at precincts to delivery at counting locations .
Post - election storage oftentimes reflects little concern for real security .
If you can't track the chain of custody , you can't know if the ballots recounted or examined are the original voted ballots , if ballots have been replaced , altered , etc .
We elect people who pass laws that are enforced by bureaucrats who then tell us to take a hike when we want to closely examine an election .
" The results are what we say they are , " say the keepers of the vote , our so - called public servants .
" Move along , there 's nothing to see here " is the prevailing attitude toward inquiring citizens .
Potential Election Fraud in Pennsylvania
When you build any system that conducts " mission critical business , " like electing a president , you need to create enough safeguards to make sure that the process is secure .
How secure is the voting process in Pennsylvania ?
Almost 90 percent of Pennsylvanians will vote using touch screen voting machines that have no paper record of votes cast .
Once you touch the screen , the machine can count your vote any way it 's programmed .
It can even give you a receipt indicating you voted for Smith and count your vote for Jones .
These touch screens total their own votes , invisibly and without any outside checks .
We can't watch and even if we could , we would n't know what to look for .
Our election boards routinely sign contracts agreeing that the computer programs that count our votes are the trade secrets of the e-voting machine companies , no peeking .
The companies even " refuse to promise that their products will work . "
Our election process is not a serious one when you examine it to any degree but it is very popular with the politicians and the election boards that they populate .
Computer scientists at Princeton University and others have been able to hack touch screen voting machines successfully on repeated occasions .
A candidate in Florida 's 13th congressional district lost at least 14,000 votes and a seat in Congress in 2006 in a county with touch screens only , while surrounding counties had nothing like these vote losses .
Congress promised a vigorous investigation but never delivered .
The situation in Pennsylvania is so bad that Common Cause rated the state at " high " risk for election problems in the 2008 election .
In addition , a citizens ' group in Pennsylvania is suing the state to decertify touch screen voting machines because they fail to provide an accurate vote count .
The case was allowed by the Pennsylvania courts and is proceeding through the system .
Those citizens prefer optical scanners because optical scan machines count voter marked paper forms .
However , unfortunately for those well intended citizens , optical scanners are no solution for these reasons .
While the paper forms are marked by voters , they are counted by optical scanners , computers operating with programs that are " trade secrets . "
Pennsylvania allows automatic recounts in only races with a 0.5 % or less victory margin and lacks a uniform guarantee for citizen examination of any paper trail that may exist .
Optical scanners are computers just like touch screens and can be manipulated with detection extremely difficult .
Finally , other than the vendors or contractors that sell and maintain the machines , there 's no guaranteed access to the inner workings of these e-voting devices , none at all .
Will there be election fraud in Pennsylvania ?
We 'll never know for all of the above reasons .
It 's all a secret .
They have it .
We , the citizens , do n't
Bethlehem Steel ( above ) used to be a world leader as was Pittsburgh 's U.S. Steel .
The mills were closed , the companies gone , and the workers callously strewn
along the highway of lost dreams .
Pittsburgh 's population in 1950 was 700,000 .
Today it 's 300,000 .
troutwerks on flickr.com ( cc )
Actual Election Fraud in Pennsylvania
Anyone who doubts the existence of massive election fraud needs to look no further than this primary .
Failing to address real needs and issues of citizens is the biggest election fraud of all .
Just turn on the television or pick up the newspaper .
The state faces real issues and the voters have very real concerns .
The industrial base for the state left the country some time ago .
Nothing replaced it except all those " new jobs " from NAFTA .
As a result , there was major loss of well paying jobs for the working class and all the benefits that go with that , not the least of which is health insurance .
There are over a million uninsured in Pennsylvania .
There are many more underinsured .
In the rural areas and small towns , unemployment is a major concern .
The tax base has taken a major hit .
The state needs roads , bridges , and other vital structures and there 's not enough money .
But what are the two hottest topics from this primary election ?
Obama got slammed for saying small town Pennsylvanians are " bitter " about getting screwed by their " public servants " for the last two or three decades .
He was then attacked as an " elitist " and chastised for " talking down " to small town citizens .
Instead of pointing out that heroin is more common than hope in too many small towns , Obama backed off and apologized .
The second big item in terms of press coverage is the mockery of a presidential primary debate in Philadelphia .
The condescending Charles Gibson of CBS and flighty George Stephanopoulos of ABC spent over an hour talking about totally irrelevant issues .
They wasted the time of both Sen. Clinton and Sen. Obama by forcing the dialog into the three ringed circus of strange mainstream media preoccupations .
While neither Clinton nor Obama openly objected during the debate , the crowd inside the debate hall did .
They booed Charles Gibson which puts him in the company of Sean Hannity of Fox News who was pursued by angry Ron Paul supporters .
Who needs Nielson ratings ?
No Respect for Citizens
The election system in Pennsylvania is not available for inspection by the public , that 92 % who said they 'd like the option to observe vote counting .
The machines do n't allow that , they 're computers .
There 's nothing to watch .
The laws prevent that .
It 's a secret that only the election boards and the private contractors who count the vote get to see .
The security of voting machines is in serious question and election oversight is conducted by the same people who created the system .
It 's all a magic show , a series of illusions that can be manipulated by the entertainers , also known as politicians , or anyone well placed and determined enough to manipulate a system with few if any real safeguards .
The failure to discuss real issues is an insult to all citizens .
It might explain why a majority fail to vote in primary elections and why 35 % to 40 % consistently fail to vote in the general elections for president .
A common refrain among those who refuse to participate is " Why bother , they 're all a bunch of crooks . "
Among those who do vote , there are huge doubts about the honesty of elections .
A 2006 Zogby poll of 707 likely voters in Pennsylvania asked this question : " Do you think the 2004 election was stolen ? "
Forty percent said yes .
The public officials who control elections behave as though the people are stupid and ignorant of the questionable practices of secret vote counting and outsourced elections .
Wrong !
The citizens of Pennsylvania know what the story is .
Just add the 40 % of likely Pennsylvania voters who thought 2004 was stolen with the 35 % to 40 % who routinely stay home because they doubt the system .
That produces a majority of citizens who have serious doubts about a system created to serve the elected and not the electors .
The news media act like the people are a bunch of sheep who buy whatever the media put out because some people actually watch the news .
They fail to note that in polls on public respect for various professions , the television news media gets a 16 % approval rating .
The people who booed debate anchor Gibson are a perfect reflection that attitude .
The politicians showed their respect for citizens after the 2006 election , when the message was clear .
Get out of Iraq .
They have their excuses .
But the reality of the charade was made crystal clear in at the Philadelphia presidential primary debate .
While enduring an hour when no real issues were discussed , did you hear either candidate criticize the news people for their inane questions ?
Not a word .
Would n't it be nice if one or both candidates said something like this ?
Charles and George , did n't your networks ignore all the public evidence that the Iraq war was based on lies , evidence available before the Iraq War Resolution and the invasion ?
Did n't your networks give Alan Greenspan a pass in 2004 when he told people to go out and get an adjustable rate mortgage because things were looking so good even though many told Greenspan he was totally off base starting in 2001 ?
Gentlemen , what good are you if you can't even spot the obvious scams ?
How about some decent questions ?
But even if one or both had said something like this and changed the tone of the campaign , it would n't be enough .
We would still have to contend with outsourced elections conducted beyond the public view .
Our elections are shielded by federal and state law to protect the true elitists ; those people who tell us who we elected while they do everything that they can to hide the election process from us .
*** END ***
Permission to reprint in part or whole granted with attribution of authorship and a link to this article .
See links with images for reproduction rights .
© Scoop Media
News in Science › Ancient Worlds
Peru meteorite may rewrite rule books
A meteorite that struck Peru in September , digging out a deep hole and startling nearby residents , behaved so strangely that scientists may have to rethink what happens when space objects hit planets .
The rocky meteorite travelled faster and hit harder than the US researchers expected .
The object , which left a 15 metre crater , theoretically should have disintegrated in the atmosphere long before reaching the earth 's surface , says Peter Schultz , a professor of geological sciences at Brown University .
And it may have .
But the pieces stayed together and were speeding at 24,000 kilometres per hour when they hit , Schultz told the Lunar and Planetary Science Conference in League City , Texas .
Usually only meteorites made of metal make it to the surface intact enough to scoop out a crater .
" They come into the atmosphere , they slow down , and they plop , " Schultz says .
" It would make a hole in the ground , like a pit , but not a crater .
But this meteorite kept on going at a speed about 40 - 50 times faster than it should have been going . "
It landed in an arroyo , or dry stream , and the pit quickly filled with water from underneath the surface .
Schultz says his team 's observations suggest that scientists may need to change theories about the different ways objects can hit planets .
" We have to go back to the drawing board and think again , " he says .
Separating fact from fiction
Dozens of people who visited the crater , near Lake Titicaca and the border with Bolivia , reported vomiting and headaches afterward .
Some questioned whether the noise and hole were actually caused by a meteorite .
" That is one of the reasons we went down .
We wanted to distinguish fact from fiction , " Schultz says .
" These reports of all these people being sick were grossly exaggerated .
They did n't get sick .
They were surprised . "
A team from the NASA Johnson Space Center in Houston analysed two chunks of dark grey rock from the meteorite and told the meeting they look nothing like meteorites from known sources such as Mars .
Schultz , whose team inspected the crater 1300 kilometres south of Lima , says its unusually loud and messy impact happened because it was spinning and going so quickly .
" This just is n't what we expected , " Schultz says .
" It was to the point that many thought this was fake .
It was completely inconsistent with our understanding of how stony meteorites act . "
Survivor
At such high velocity , fragments may not escape past the ' shock wave ' barrier accompanying the meteorite , he says .
" It became very streamlined and so it penetrated the earth 's atmosphere more efficiently , " Schultz says .
He compares it to a flock of geese flying behind one another in a ' v' shape .
He says this could challenge conventional wisdom that all small , stony meteorites disintegrate before striking earth .
" You just wonder how many other lakes and ponds were created by a stony meteorite , " says Schultz .
" But we just do n't know about them because when these things hit the surface they just completely pulverise and then they weather . "
The findings may also help explain what caused various craters on Mars , he says .
It was a beautifully simple plan - creep into an abandoned house next to a bank after dark , spend the night knocking a hole through the wall into the vault , and sneak away with bagloads of cash before dawn .
But removing bricks is one thing , doing so in the right place quite another .
After crawling through the hole , the thieves in Mexico City found they had miscalculated .
Instead of emerging in the bank , they were face to face with a toddlers ' slide .
So they began hammering again , this time through two walls , from inside the children 's party venue just behind the bank .
But when they finally climbed into the bank the euphoria can't have lasted long .
They were not in the vault , but in the toilet .
And not only were they looking at urinals rather than wads of cash , they were locked in , and the alarm had gone off .
Their heist a mess , the would - be robbers scrambled back through the holes they had so carefully made and disappeared , without a peso for their efforts .
EBay finally flipped the switch on some of its feedback changes , which were announced back in January .
Effective today , merchants cannot leave negative or neutral feedback for buyers .
Needless to say , sellers are outraged , leading to calls for a boycott .
While sellers have planned various protests , Brian Burke , eBay 's director of global feedback policy argues that the changes will improve customer satisfaction , which could ultimately drive business for sellers .
" We 've heard some complaints [ from sellers ] , and we 'll probably hear some even louder complaints [ after the changes go live ] , but we believe that the overall marketplace will be better and healthier for it , " Burke says .
Among the changes made , eBay says it will remove any negative feedback for sellers if the feedback was left by a suspended buyer or left by a buyer who has n't responded to the unpaid item process .
In the meantime , a handful of third - party businesses are trying to fill the hole that eBay left open .
Fair Outcomes , a Boston - based business founded by a computer scientist , a game theorist and a few commercial lawyers , aims to streamline the settlement process for eBay seller - buyer disputes .
The service lets sellers invite buyers to resolve their differences on a proprietary , confidential system .
Sellers are charged a flat fee of $ 10 to invite a buyer to settle the case .
If the buyer and seller cannot resolve their differences on their own , the case will be handled by an arbitrator ( a commercial attorney ) .
" There are real inefficiencies in bargaining attributed to things like , fear of being weak and posturing , " says Jim Ring , CEO of Fair Outcomes .
Ebuyer - feedback.com , another site , is trying to establish itself as an alternative feedback platform for eBay buyers and sellers .
" This site gives sellers the ability to leave their eBay buyers positive , negative , or neutral feedback , " the site says .
Photo : Flickr / LiewCF.com
Converting corn to ethanol in Iowa not only leads to clearing more of the Amazonian rainforest , researchers report in a pair of new studies in Science , but also would do little to slow global warming — and often make it worse .
" Prior analyses made an accounting error , " says one study 's lead author , Tim Searchinger , an agricultural expert at Princeton University .
" There is a huge imbalance between the carbon lost by plowing up a hectare [ 2.47 acres ] of forest or grassland from the benefit you get from biofuels . "
Growing plants store carbon in their roots , shoots and leaves .
As a result , the world 's plants and the soil in which they grow contain nearly three times as much carbon as the entire atmosphere .
" I know when I look at a tree that half the dry weight of it is carbon , " says ecologist David Tilman of the University of Minnesota , coauthor of the other study which examined the " carbon debt " embedded in any biofuel .
" That 's going to end up as carbon dioxide in the atmosphere when you cut it down . "
By turning crops such as corn , sugarcane and palm oil into biofuels — whether ethanol , biodiesel , or something else — proponents hope to reap the benefits of the carbon soaked up as the plants grow to offset the carbon dioxide ( CO 2 ) emitted when the resulting fuel is burned .
But whether biofuels emit more or less CO 2 than gasoline depends on what the land they were grown on was previously used for , both studies show .
Tilman and his colleagues examined the overall CO 2 released when land use changes occur .
Converting the grasslands of the U.S. to grow corn results in excess greenhouse gas emissions of 134 metric tons of CO 2 per hectare — a debt that would take 93 years to repay by replacing gasoline with corn - based ethanol .
And converting jungles to palm plantations or tropical rainforest to soy fields would take centuries to pay back their carbon debts .
" Any biofuel that causes land clearing is likely to increase global warming , " says ecologist Joseph Fargione of The Nature Conservancy , lead author of the second study .
" It takes decades to centuries to repay the carbon debt that is created from clearing land . "
Diverting food crops into fuel production leads to ever more land clearing as well .
Ethanol demand in the U.S. , for example , has caused some farmers to plant more corn and less soy .
This has driven up soy prices causing farmers in Brazil to clear more Amazon rainforest land to plant valuable soy , Searchinger 's study notes .
Because a soy field contains far less carbon than a rainforest , the greenhouse gas benefit of the original ethanol is wiped out .
" Corn - based ethanol , instead of producing a 20 percent savings [ in greenhouse gas emissions ] , nearly doubles greenhouse emissions over 30 years and increases greenhouse gases for 167 years , " the researchers write .
" We can't get to a result with corn ethanol where we can generate greenhouse gas benefits , " Searchinger adds .
Turning food into fuel also has the unintended consequence of driving up food prices , reducing the access of the neediest populations to grains and meat .
" It 's equivalent to saying we will try to reduce greenhouse gases by reducing food consumption , " Searchinger says .
" Unfortunately , a lot of that comes from the world 's poorest people . "
" We are converting their food into our fuel , " Tilman notes . "
The typical driver of an SUV spends as much on fuel in a month as the poorer third of the world spend on food . "
The studies do find some benefit from biofuels but only when planted on agricultural land too dry or degraded for food production or significant tree or plant growth and only when derived from native plants , such as a mix of prairie grasses in the U.S. Midwest .
Or such fuels can be made from waste : corn stalks , leftover wood from timber production or even city garbage .
But that will not slake a significant portion of the growing thirst for transportation fuels .
" If we convert every corn kernel grown today in the U.S. to ethanol we offset just 12 percent of our gasoline use , " notes ecologist Jason Hill of the University of Minnesota .
" The real benefit to these advanced biofuels may not be in displacement of fossil fuels but in the building up of carbon stores in the soil . "
Of course , there is another reason for biofuels : energy independence .
" Biofuels like ethanol are the only tool readily available that can begin to address the challenge of energy security , " Bob Dinneen , president of industry group the Renewable Fuels Association said in a statement .
" The alternative is to continue to exploit increasingly costlier fossil fuels for which the environmental price tag will be great . "
But the environmental price tag of biofuels now joins the ranks of other , cheaper domestic fuel sources — such as coal - to - liquid fuel — as major sources of globe - warming pollution as well as unintended social consequences .
As a result , 10 prominent scientists have written a letter to President Bush and other government leaders urging them to " shape policies to assure that government incentives for biofuels do not increase global warming . "
" We should n't abandon biofuels , " Searchinger says .
But " you do n't solve global warming by going in the wrong direction . "
Article Not Found
Sometimes , authors delete their articles after publishing them .
To see if the article was renamed or re-published , please click here .
Hillary Clinton may have a financial incentive to remain in the presidential race for a while .
And she has Senator John McCain to thank for it .
Clinton has loaned her struggling campaign $ 11 million in recent months .
A little - known provision of a 2002 campaign - finance law cosponsored by McCain prevents candidates who drop out of the race from raising money after the nominating conventions to repay themselves for personal loans .
If Clinton fails to come up with the funds by the Democratic convention in August and she fails to gain the nomination , she will be out the $ 11 million .
If she quits before then , she may find it hard to get people to keep giving cash so she can retire her debt .
That may ratchet up pressure on Clinton to cut a deal with rival Barack Obama , who is keeping the door open to possibly helping pay her debt , which also includes more than $ 10 million in unpaid bills to vendors and consultants .
" Helping to pay off the debt would certainly be a clear signal of Obama 's desire to bring the two candidates together , " said Anthony Corrado , professor at Colby College in Waterville , Maine .
BLOOMBERG
Obama regrets division between Jews , blacks
WASHINGTON - Democratic presidential front - runner Barack Obama said that he regrets the division that has grown between Jews and blacks and that he remains committed to ensuring Israel 's security .
Obama discussed his relationship with the Jewish community and Israel in an interview posted yesterday on The Atlantic magazine 's website , part of his continuing effort to reassure Jewish voters who have expressed some unease about his candidacy .
The situation did n't improve as an adviser to the militant Palestinian group Hamas recently said they hope Obama wins the presidency .
Obama said some in the Arab world may be attracted to his candidacy because he spent part of his childhood in the Muslim nation of Indonesia , has the middle name Hussein , and advocates presidential - level talks with foreign leaders ostracized by the Bush administration .
" I welcome the Muslim world 's accurate perception that I am interested in opening up dialogue and interested in moving away from the unilateral policies of George Bush , but nobody should mistake that for a softer stance when it comes to terrorism or when it comes to protecting Israel 's security or making sure that the alliance is strong and firm , " Obama said .
" You will not see , under my presidency , any slackening in commitment to Israel 's security .
" I think that the idea of a secure Jewish state is a fundamentally just idea , and a necessary idea , given not only world history but the active existence of anti-Semitism , " Obama said .
" That does not mean that I would agree with every action of the state of Israel , because it 's a government and it has politicians , and as a politician myself I am deeply mindful that we are imperfect creatures and do n't always act with justice uppermost on our minds . "
ASSOCIATED PRESS
MoveOn.org seeking funds to air contest - winning ad
A rather predictable entry won a contest hosted by the antiwar group MoveOn.org for a TV ad supporting Barack Obama .
" I'm a lifelong Republican and I 'm voting for Barack Obama , " a Southern California police detective and veteran says in the ad , which echoes Obama 's stance that he will appeal to Republicans , independents , and Democrats .
The group , which is seeking donations to air the ad , says it was selected from more than 1,100 submissions and after 5.5 million online votes and judging by a celebrity panel .
FOON RHEE
© Copyright 2008 Globe Newspaper Company .
Jimmy Mizen had been due to sit his GCSE exams A teenager murdered at a bakery shop in south - east London has been honoured at the church where he was an altar boy .
Jimmy Mizen , who celebrated his 16th birthday the day before , died from neck injuries which police believe were caused by a shard of glass .
It is thought he intervened when a customer became angry at being asked to leave the Three Cooks Bakery shop in Burnt Ash Hill , Lee , on Saturday .
Tributes were paid to the boy at a Mass at Our Lady of Lourdes church .
Family and friends observed an emotional two - minute silence outside the church on Sunday ahead of the Mass .
Jimmy had six brothers , Danny , 30 , Billy , 28 , Tommy , 26 , Bobby , 24 , Harry , 18 and George , eight and two sisters , Joanne , 35 , and 21 - year - old Samantha .
He was a fine , fine young fella
Barry Mizen
After the service his father Barry Mizen , 56 , said Jimmy idolised all of them and " there was a little bit of Jimmy in each of them as well " .
Jimmy was due to finish school on Monday and enrol on an apprenticeship in the housing and maintenance department at Southwark Council .
Mr Mizen said : " There was a sense of decency about him .
He was a very straightforward , very uncomplicated young fella .
" Jimmy was n't afraid of hugs .
We loved him and he loved us back .
He was very proud of his family .
" I just want to get the right image of Jimmy across .
He was a fine , fine young fella .
" We are a very happy family and a very close family .
I wanted to bring our children up with decent values and Jimmy had them . "
Jimmy had celebrated turning 16 by buying his first Lottery ticket and was due to sit his GCSE exams at St Thomas More Catholic Comprehensive in Eltham in a few weeks .
On Saturday he was in the bakery when a disturbance broke out and it is believed he tried to help .
He suffered serious injuries and died at the scene .
His father told the Daily Mail newspaper that another of his sons , Harry , was with Jimmy when he died .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Parish priest Father Edward Perera said after Sunday 's Mass : " I have never seen a parish so numbed and shocked . "
Earlier he said : " I met the parents and the whole family ... they are numbed and nobody has any words to express the deep shock and the devastation .
" The whole community ... is totally devastated because they never thought something like this would happen to anybody in this area .
" It 's a quiet place .
People are very friendly and very supportive of each other .
It 's a lovely community . "
' Massive shock ' Conor O'Hehir , 16 , who said he was friends with Jimmy since they were three years old , added : " He was a brilliant lad and friend and he 's going to be greatly missed .
" It 's just a massive shock and I can't believe it . "
Det Ch Insp Cliff Lyons , who is leading the murder hunt , said : " This is another tragic incident where a young victim has lost his life .
" There was an argument between Jimmy and the suspect , following which Jimmy was assaulted and he sustained serious neck injuries . "
The suspect ran off along Burnt Ash Hill towards Burnt Ash Lane after the attack just before midday .
Jimmy is the 13th teenager to be killed in London since the start of the year .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
A hooker for every senator / Imagine a world with more sexually open , sensual , happily libidinous politicians .
Wait , can you ?
I want a smart , slutty senator .
I want an effective , confident , sex - positive congressman or woman who , if asked , speaks openly and blamelessly and even happily about her proclivities , with a wink and a smile and maybe a bit of cleavage before Labor Day .
Married , single , somewhere in between ?
Does n't matter .
And , dare I say it , I want president who not only freely discusses and shrugs off his or her loves and sexual desires and even affairs , but dares to enjoy sex and thrives because of it and makes his behavior a part of his perspective and attitude on life and love and leadership and the general sticky messy beautiful evolution of the human soul .
Is that too much to ask ?
Let me answer that for you :
Oh my sweet baby Jesus with a Hitachi Magic Wand and some leather chaps , you 're damn right it is .
Here 's the thing : Given all the scandals and threesomes and gay gropings in airport restrooms , sometimes I can't help but wonder what it might be like to have a leader or three who not only enjoys women , or men , or both , but does so shamelessly , enthusiastically , talks it up in the media , all with discretion and a bit of class , but also with full knowledge and pleasure and openness about his / her appreciation for sex and the physical form .
And it would all come with the calm assurance that nothing is all that wrong with this behavior — even if it involves infidelity , which it almost always does — that everything is in control and none of it has any bearing on his or her ability to run the ship of state — or rather , it does , but only insofar as it makes them , you know , more human , messy , interesting , appealing and relatable and desirable and whole .
And then I remember , oh my freaking God , what the hell am I saying ?
I mean , have you seen the kind of people who are drawn to politics in this world ?
Moral corruption is a prerequisite .
Pasty and ungainly and predatory , flawed and bruised and mealy like bad fruit , often aggressively homely , deeply unhealthy people who would gladly eat the head off a live baby to appease the Iowa corn growers ' association .
Shudder .
Truly , Barack Obama and the tiny handful of genuinely attractive politicians aside , do I really want to imagine these people naked and sticky and enjoying themselves with a tub of margarine and " Ass Cleavage 8 " on DVD ?
Do I need to imagine Dennis Hastert or Dick Cheney or Teddy Kennedy shirtless and sweaty to say , oh dear God please make it stop ?
Verily , no I do not .
All of this comes to mind as I read a curious little sidebar story that oozed out of the Eliot Spitzer hypocrisy - o - rama , a sweet tidbit from the Associated Press that was lost in the media maelstrom that surrounded an arrogant jackass governor who had regular sex with a skanky overpriced ex-cokehead hooker whose tell - all tome on the whole affair will very soon be available in the $ 2.99 remainder bin of your local Barnes & Noble .
This particular analysis , though , had nothing to do with the mysteries of adultery , or the various wicked ways power couples negotiate their relationships .
Nor was it about how shocked everyone was at the going price of an upmarket call girl these days , or just what four grand per night actually buys you in 2008 ( Toe sucking ?
Hot wax ?
Free in - vagina Wi - Fi ? ) , nor was it a story questioning why prostitution is still illegal or what constitutes " true " hypocrisy or blah blah blah .
No , the sidebar I enjoyed most was the little tale about how ridiculously , how painfully , how incredibly common dumb hookups , sexual indiscretion , harassment , groping and leering and leeching and slimy come-ons are at the statehouse level in New York — and of course , by obvious extension , everywhere else .
It was the obvious but oft - forgotten conclusion that , when it comes to state government ( and , no doubt , federal government too ) it 's still very much akin to one giant , dumb - as - snails frat house , maybe with fewer beer bongs and Fall Out Boy iPod mixes and vomiting on the rec room pool table , but with exactly as much sexist moronism , inept gropings , cheating and grunting and carefree abandonment of anything resembling good taste or genuine sensual awareness ... from both genders .
Did you already know ?
Did you understand that , for decades , senators in New York ( and I 'm sure everywhere else ) used to corral their potential interns into one room and cherry pick the most attractive ones to be their aides ?
That lobbyists , staffers and even reporters who nail high - ranking lawmakers are called " big game hunters " and men who go after female lawmakers are " boy toys " and everyone meets at the same handful of local bars to mingle and hook up and drink heavily so as to numb the fact that they have nothing but razor blades and sawdust where their souls used to be ?
I did n't .
Or rather , I suppose I did have such info buried somewhere in my brain , but given the nature of this very news media , given how we treat scandal and sexuality in this nation as some sort of exception , as rare and shocking and worthy of childish moral panic , it sort of coerces you into forgetting .
Or blocking it out .
Or running away screaming .
Here 's the problem : A Spitzer - like scandal hits and everyone gets to pretend it 's actually a big deal , all shocked and appalled and gosh golly no !
Dumb hookers and cocaine and cheap powermongering and stiff miserable wives who stand by their man looking like their small intestine is being gnawed by feral cats because they are just as morally and physically and sexually shut down as their hooker - lovin ' husbands ?
Totally rare !
Right .
By the way , John F. Kennedy could 've changed everything .
Even Bill Clinton came close .
Handsome , slick , smart , charming as hell , sexually active , a hugely shameless appreciation of women .
Sure he had regrettable trailer - grade Arkansas tastes , sure the infidelity aspect was a small moral snag , but he was still enormously popular and , oh my God , there was even a tiny opening , a moment when he could 've shaken the very foundations of America 's pseudo - Puritanism and instead of the " no relations with that woman " b.s. , could 've flipped it all over and changed America for good .
" Hell yes , " ( he could 've said ) , " I love women , adore sex , am damn good at it , and besides , I 'm sorry to say that Hillary and I have n't touched each other since the Carter administration .
So while it 's none of your goddamn business what I do in my private time with giggly chubby interns , I will say there 's nothing the slightest bit wrong with enjoying sex and women and your body and it's what makes life worth living and more people should try it with respect and consent and lots of laughter and moaning and spare washcloths .
Now get the hell off my lawn . "
I know , crazy .
I might as well be asking for a pink pony with a side of dark chocolate and Ecstasy and Kate Beckinsale .
Pure fantasy .
So then , maybe positive , thoughtful sexual honesty and authenticity is , in its way , the final frontier of American politics , the one thing we in this deeply uptight land will perhaps never be able to ask of our politicians because , well , most people can barely ask it of themselves .
But the sad irony is , if we relaxed our ridiculous double standards a little and allowed our leaders to be more human and sticky and flawed and real when it comes to love and sex and desire — if we allowed them , in short , to be just like us — it might just help revolutionize politics and ultimately draw a far higher quality of person to serve us in the first place .
Is that too much to ask ?
Yeah , I thought so .
Mark Morford 's latest book is ' The Daring Spectacle : Adventures in Deviant Journalism ' .
Join Mark on Facebook and Twitter , or email him .
His website is markmorford.com .
For his yoga classes , workshops and retreats , click markmorfordyoga.com .
Mark 's column appears every Wednesday on SFGate , and is frequently cross-posted to Huffington Post .
To join the notification list for this column , click here and remove one article of clothing .
To get on Mark 's personal mailing list , click here and remove three more .
This column also has an RSS feed and a very handy archive page .
Land - suheir hammad
his approach
to love he said
was that of a farmer
most love like
hunters and like
hunters most kill
what they desire
he tills
soil through toes
nose in the wet
earth he waits
prays to the gods
and slowly harvests
thankful
test = do
src print $ ordered $ sort $ sort $ reverse $ sort src
mergesort :: ( a -> a -> Ordering ) -> [ a ] -> [ a ]
mergesort cmp = mergesort ' cmp . map ( : [ ] )
mergesort ' :: ( a -> a -> Ordering ) -> [ [ a ] ] -> [ a ]
mergesort ' cmp [ ] = [ ]
mergesort ' cmp [ xs ] = xs
mergesort ' cmp xss = mergesort ' cmp ( merge_pairs cmp xss )
merge_pairs :: ( a -> a -> Ordering ) -> [ [ a ] ] -> [ [ a ] ]
merge_pairs cmp [ ] = [ ]
merge_pairs cmp [ xs ] = [ xs ]
merge_pairs cmp ( xs:ys:xss ) = merge cmp xs ys : merge_pairs cmp xss
merge :: ( a -> a -> Ordering ) -> [ a ] -> [ a ] -> [ a ]
merge cmp [ ] ys = ys
merge cmp xs [ ] = xs
merge cmp ( x:xs ) ( y:ys )
= case x `cmp` y of
GT -> y : merge cmp ( x:xs ) ys
_ -> x : merge cmp xs ( y:ys )
" sort "
" s " " o " " r " " t "
" os " " rt "
" orst "
risers :: Ord a = > [ a ] -> [ [ a ] ]
risers [ ] = [ ]
risers [ x ] = [ [ x ] ]
risers ( x:y:etc ) = if x <= y then ( x :s ) : ss else [ x ] :( s:ss )
where ( s:ss ) = risers ( y:etc )
risers " sort "
[ "s " , " ort " ]
" s " " ort "
" orst "
" abcd "
n
sort [ 1..n ]
Int32
risers
Int
Ord
risers
Traditional land - line phones , once the bedrock of communications in the USA , are quickly going the way of eight - track tapes as consumers go wireless or choose Internet - based phone calling .
According to a report due to be released Wednesday by the National Center for Health Statistics , nearly one out of every six homes in the USA — 15.8 % — had only wireless telephones during the second half of 2007 , up from 6.1 % during the same period in 2004 .
" America has a lot of gabbers , " says Sameer Mithal , a senior principal with IBB Consulting in Princeton , N.J. " The ability to talk on the go is what Americans like to do . "
For big carriers such as AT&T ( T ) and Verizon ( VZ ) , America 's love fest with wireless is having a dramatic impact on what was once a core business .
In New York , land lines have plummeted 55 % since 2000 , according to a new report by Sanford C. Bernstein .
New Jersey is n't far behind , with a 50 % drop - off .
States with the fewest land - line losses include Connecticut with 10 % , Texas , 20 % , and California , 21 % .
Even so , it wo n't take long for the other 49 states to catch up to or surpass New York , predicts analyst Craig Moffett , author of the report .
" This is a business that is not showing any signs of recovery , " he says .
Wireless is a major factor , he says .
Around the globe , consumers are clamoring for anything wireless — from high - definition video to gaming and mobile banking .
The trend is strongest among young adults : 34.5 % of people 25 - 29 years old lived in households with only wireless phones .
For those 30 - 44 , the rate drops to 15.5 % .
It 's 2.2 % for those 65 and over .
The rise of cable telephony is another factor .
Big cable TV operators such as Time Warner ( TWX ) and Comcast ( CCW ) have lured away millions of phone customers with cheap , or even free , VoIP services — short for Voice over Internet Protocol .
Verizon 's experience in New York reflects the trend .
Long Island cable TV operator Cablevision ( CVC ) today claims almost 1.7 million phone customers — and has eclipsed Verizon on Long Island as the dominant phone carrier .
Big carriers such as AT&T and Verizon are stuck , Moffett says .
Even though fewer people are using land - line services , carriers still have to spend billions of dollars each year to maintain the networks .
About 21 % of AT&T 's annual revenue comes from the land - line business ; Verizon has a bigger exposure , around 29 % .
The business accounts for about one - third to one - half of their profits , however , Moffett estimates .
On the plus side , both carriers have strong wireless businesses that can help offset those losses .
AT&T is the No. 1 wireless carrier , with more than 70 million customers ; Verizon is No. 2 , with slightly fewer .
Verizon says it 's not worried .
" We saw this trend coming for a long time , " says spokesman Eric Rabe .
That 's why the company is building an all - fiber cable network " and going after television customers . "
The report from the National Center for Health Statistics — part of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention — also found that one out of every eight homes , 13.1 % , received all or almost all calls on wireless phones even though there was a land line in the home .
If the trends continue , the group said , public opinion surveys on health and other issues conducted only on landline phones could produce distorted results .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Mr Chiluba 's suits were paid by public funds , a UK judge has said
The Zambian government says it has recovered money and assets worth nearly $ 60 m stolen during the rule of former President Frederick Chiluba .
The assets include bank deposits and an upmarket apartment in Belgium .
Information Minister Mike Mulongoti said the assets would be sold and the money used to upgrade hospitals .
Mr Mulongoti said the funds were recovered from former government officials who had served in Mr Chiluba 's administration .
Mr Chiluba is on trial at the Magistrates Court in Lusaka , charged with corruption .
In May last year , the High Court in Britain ruled that Mr Chiluba and four of his aides had conspired to rob Zambia of about $ 40 million .
The civil action was brought in Britain because the allegedly stolen money passed through bank accounts in London .
UK Judge Peter Smith said Zambians should know that when the former president appeared wearing his trademark designer clothes , they were paid for with public funds .
Mr Chiluba , who served two terms as Zambia 's president from 1991 to 2001 , is challenging that verdict .
He denounced it as " racist " and " obscene " .
His successor , President Levy Mwanawasa , has been pursuing an anti-corruption drive against Mr Chiluba 's former government .
The president has offered to pardon Mr Chiluba if he admits the allegations and returns 75 % of the cash he allegedly stole , but the ex-leader denies the allegations .
THE Saturday sun beamed down on central Kyoto , taking the edge off the November chill as I climbed onto my rented bicycle .
I swerved through quiet alleys , past centuries - old wooden houses and Shinto shrines tended by generations of monks , and pedaled west to Arashiyama , a suburb of gardens , temples and bamboo forests at the foot of the mountains that ring this former imperial capital of Japan .
Light glinted off the wide Hozu River .
Figures crossed a distant bridge .
Jasmine , bean cakes , tea and roasting yams scented the autumn air .
But there was a problem , a big one : tourists .
Lots of tourists .
In fact , there were so many high - season visitors that traffic — foot , bike , car — came to a halt .
Furious at the crowds and exhausted , I turned around and rode back to Kyoto proper .
Frankly , I should have known better .
With its grand Buddhist temples and tucked - away shrines , its oh - so - close mountains and trickling canals , its spring - blossoming cherry trees and autumn - flaming maples , Kyoto may be Japan ’s prettiest city — and that ’s a curse as much as a blessing .
Like a Japanese version of Colonial Williamsburg , it is jam - packed with tourists , who come to see the religio - historical sites by day , and feast and party with geishas by night .
Indeed , more than 48 million tourists visited this city of 1.5 million in 2006 , according to the Japanese National Tourism Office .
So perhaps it ’s no surprise that Kyoto ’s citizens may be among the country ’s most standoffish , a closed society that keeps strangers at a distance .
Some candy stores , for example , wo n’t let you in without an introduction from a trusted customer .
Not even wealth will buy you entree into this closed society .
Bill O'Reilly has been attacking John Edwards since his campaign began and now he 's taken it onto bizarro - land .
Billo made a big point of telling both Edwards and Ed Schultz that there just were n't that many homeless veterans .
The ego that dwells in the depths of Bill 's mind must be a very dark place indeed --- BillO could n't be wrong , so he changed the rules .
Now he admits that there ARE homeless vets , but not due to economic reasons , as he says Edwards claims ( watch it again , do you hear him say that ? ) but because the veterans are substance abusers .
John Edwards did respond to BillO 's last attack on the troops , but it 's pathetic to misquote Edwards and then say he owes BillO an apology .
His whole take on poverty in America is a novella by itself .
He actually uses himself as a model of success .
Download Download
O'Reilly :
Of course the rich have advantages , but I am living proof that you can start with very little and prosper economically .
If you work hard and keep it honest .
Do you see a Tony Robbins - style “ Making It Big When There ’s Nothing In the Tank , ” twenty DVD pack coming soon for old Bill ?
Will it include how much did FOX had to pay Andrea Mackris over the sexual harassment suit she won against BillO ?
Now back to our vets .
It 's one thing to attack Edwards over policy , after all it might actually take a few bucks out of BillO 's pocket , but to try and take his beef out on the vets is unconscionable and shows that these right wing / talk show zombies have no souls .
Instead of starting a campaign to pay for homeless vets to go to the Edwards house , how about you take that money and put them up in a warm , low cost hotel ?
Now Bill blames the vet homeless problem on drugs and alcohol abuse , but does he ask why they drink and use , if that 's the only reason for their plight ?
I love the way he depicts poverty in America ala O'Reilly land .
If a family makes 20 K a year and have a color TV , they 're living large !
Let 's see how Bill does with 5X that amount .
I 'll let Paul Rieckhoff from IAVA take it from here ...
Sign the petition too ...
BAGHDAD , Iraq ( CNN ) --
A soldier used the Quran -- Islam 's holy book -- for target practice , forcing the chief U.S. commander in Baghdad to issue a formal apology on Saturday .
Maj . Gen. Jeffery Hammond apologizes after a soldier admitted using the Quran for target practice .
Maj . Gen. Jeffrey Hammond , commander of U.S. forces in Baghdad , flanked by leaders from Radhwaniya in the western outskirts of Baghdad , apologized for the staff sergeant who was a sniper section leader assigned to the headquarters of the 64th Armored Regiment .
He also read a letter of apology by the shooter .
It was the first time the incident -- which tested the relationship between U.S. - backed Sunni militiamen and the military -- was made public since it was discovered May 11 .
" I come before you here seeking your forgiveness , " Hammond said to tribal leaders and others at the apology ceremony .
" In the most humble manner I look in your eyes today and I say please forgive me and my soldiers . "
Watch villagers protest the Quran incident »
Another military official kissed a Quran and presented it as " a humble gift " to the tribal leaders .
The soldier , whose name was not released , shot at a Quran on May 9 , villagers said .
The Quran used in the incident was discovered two days later , according to the military .
Hammond also read from the shooter 's letter : " I sincerely hope that my actions have not diminished the partnership that our two nations have developed together .
...
My actions were shortsighted , very reckless and irresponsible , but in my heart [ the actions ] were not malicious . "
Watch Hammond issue apology »
A tribal leader said " the criminal act by U.S. forces " took place at a shooting range at the Radhwaniya police station .
After the shooters left , an Iraqi policeman found a target marked in the middle of the bullet - riddled Quran .
Copies of the pictures of the Quran obtained by CNN show multiple bullet holes and an expletive scrawled on one of its pages .
A military investigation found the shooter guilty and relieved him of duty ; he will be redeployed to the United States for reassignment away from the 1st Brigade of the 4th Infantry Division , a U.S. official said .
" The actions of one soldier were nothing more than criminal behavior , " Hammond said .
" I 've come to this land to protect you , to support you -- not to harm you -- and the behavior of this soldier was nothing short of wrong and unacceptable . "
Officials said the soldier claimed he was n't aware the book was the Quran .
U.S. officials rejected the claim .
Tribal leaders , dignitaries and local security officials attended the ceremony , while residents carried banners and chanted slogans , including " Yes , yes to the Quran " and " America out , out . "
Sheikh Hamadi al - Qirtani , in a speech on behalf of all tribal sheiks of Radhwaniya , called the incident " aggression against the entire Islamic world . "
The Association of Muslim Scholars in Iraq also condemned the shooter 's actions and the U.S. military 's belated acknowledgment of the incident .
" As the Association of Muslim Scholars condemns this heinous crime against God 's holy book , the Constitution of this nation , a source of pride and dignity , " the groups statement said , " they condemned the silence by all those who are part of the occupation 's agenda and holds the occupation and the current government fully responsible for this violation and reminds everyone that God preserves his book and he [ God ] is a great avenger . "
All About Iraq • Islam • U.S. Armed Forces Activities
Twitter has a stronghold on the blogosphere , yet sometimes , it ’s hard to be heard .
If you ’re struggling to grow your Twitter following , you ’re not alone .
I have more than 160,000 followers now , and quite a few readers have asked how I ’ve grown my following .
Here are my tips .
1. Leverage your other “ engagement media ” profiles
Do you have an existing online profile somewhere outside of Twitter ( big or small ) ?
Use it to springboard into Twitter .
If it ’s a blog , mention that you ’re using Twitter in a post , add Twitter sharing buttons to your home page and individual posts , and link to it from your profile and contact pages .
If you ’re on Facebook , use one of the numerous tools or apps available to republish your tweets to Facebook .
If you promote your blog on Google + , share your Tweets there .
Using Pinterest ?
Cross - pollinate between those followers and your Twitter followers to maximize the return on the time you ’re investing in social media .
It goes without saying that you should add Twitter , along with your other social media account details , to your email signature , business card , and so on .
The same applies with any online ( or even offline ) presence that you have — link to your Twitter page and link to it often .
2 . Tweet often — but leave space for engagement
The more active you are on Twitter , the more likely you are to have others find and follow you .
However , tweet too frequently and you run the risk of losing followers .
I try to stick to one topic at a time and create pauses between them to let others interact .
Striking the right balance takes time and experimentation .
Watch who retweets your updates — and which updates they ’re sharing — to get a sense of your strongest advocates .
And be sure to engage with those who share your updates and those who respond to you .
Thank them , answer their questions , and ask them why they likes that tweet or this post .
Consider this engagement part of your ongoing market research for your blog , and your social media strategy .
3 . Get talking
The secret to building your follower list is interaction .
I get most new followers on those days when I interact with other Twitter users_and over time , that ’s grown to a massive number of people .
We call them @ replies but you can , of course , also use the @_name functionality to engage with people you do n’t know or follow — and who do n’t know or follow you .
Asking questions is perhaps the best way to get conversational on Twitter .
Get ten people to answer a question you ’ve tweeted and if even just one person retweets one of those ten replies ( or your original question ) , you ’ll have gained exposure to whole new rafts of potential followers .
Just as important is to participate in other people ’s conversations .
Reply to their questions and ideas as much as possible .
The key with Twitter really is shared interests .
people will share your tweets with their followers if they think you share a common interest with them , and your tweet is relevant .
So , be conversational about topics that will interest others .
Be conversational in a way that encourages your followers to reach out to their own networks .
Finally , you might find your first few engagements on Twitter easiest if you ’re not talking about yourself — I find I do better when I ’m not talking about me !
No one likes to hang around with people who just talk about themselves , so get the balance right between talking about yourself and talking about others and other topics of interest .
4. Provide optimal value
Tweeting on a personal level is fun and for many that ’s as far as it goes , but if you ’re interested in growing your Twitter influence , you need to provide your followers , and potential followers , with value .
It ’s the same principle as growing a blog — if you help enhance people ’s lives in some way they are more likely to want to track with you , read more of what you have to say , and share your ideas with others .
Make your conversations matter on some level .
Sure you can throw in personal tweets and have some fun , but unless you ’re providing something useful to people ( information , entertainment , news , education , etc. ) they probably wo n’t follow you for long , or share your content with their own networks .
5 . Tweet in peak times
Last week I tracked when I had new Twitter followers add me , and found ( as I expected ) that the frequency of follows where made during business hours in the USA .
Tweeting at the times when your followers are online only increases the chances of their finding and adding you to their lists , and sharing your tweets — timing certainly affects sharing on Facebook , and if you look at your retweet stats , you ’ll find it does on this network , too .
My being situated in Australia can have some positives and negatives , but one of the things I do n’t enjoy about it is that I miss out on a lot of interaction with my followers who are on the other side of the world .
While many social media management apps will let you schedule status updates and tweets , there ’s no substitute for in - person , real - time interaction on Twitter .
Bonus tip : tweet from the heart
Do n’t worry too much about how you “ come across ” on Twitter .
Just be yourself and tweet form the heart .
Do n’t stress too much about the numbers — instead , use the platform to connect genuinely with the Twitter followers you already have , and let the rest take care of itself !
Top Twitter Blog Marketing Tips has more Twitter tips .
Oh , and if you ’re feeling overwhelmed by the burden of social networks , read my post on how to beat the social media beast !
LONDON ( Reuters ) -
While the global credit crunch has forced many consumers to rein in spending , one Beijing - based billionaire has splashed out a record $ 500,000 on 27 bottles of red wine , London - based Antique Wine Company said on Saturday .
Wine bottles are displayed at the Vinitaly wine expo in Verona April 4 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Alessandro Garofalo
The anonymous Chinese entrepreneur bought a mix of vintages of Romanee Conti , a Burgundy wine and considered to be among the world ’s most exclusive with only 450 cases produced each year .
The client bought 12 bottles of Romanee Conti 1978 , two bottles of the 1961 , 1966 , 1996 and 2003 and single bottles of the 1981 , 1990 , 1992 , 1995 , 1999 , 2001 and 2002 .
“ It is the highest price that has ever been achieved for a single lot , ” Managing Director Stephen Williams of the London - based Antique Wine Company told Reuters on Saturday .
“ I do n’t think he has bought this as an investment -- he has bought it to drink , ” he added .
“ The fine wine industry is completely immune from the global credit crunch . ”
The client ’s biggest previous purchase was 30,000 pounds ( $ 59,880 ) for a case of 1982 Chateau Petrus .
Williams believes the Romanee Conti sale marks a significant change in Chinese wine buying habits .
“ In the past , the Chinese have been drawn to the magnificent but simplistic qualities of the wines from the great chateaux of Bordeaux .
“ Now , our leap in sales of Domaine de la Romanee Conti to mainland China this year in particular is indicating a broadening of their fine wine education and appreciation to the more complex wines of Burgundy . ”
The highest prices paid for fine wines are for extremely special bottles , for example , those that reputedly came out of Thomas Jefferson ’s cellar .
In his day , wine bottles were not labeled , so Jefferson poured the premium wines he imported in casks from Europe into bottles etched with his initials .
Malcolm Forbes , the late publisher of Forbes ’ magazine , set a record in December 1985 when he paid 105,000 pounds , then about $ 162,750 , for a 1787 bottle of red wine made by Bordeaux ’s prestigious Chateau Lafitte .
In 2006 the Antique Wine Company sold the world ’s most expensive bottle of white wine , a regular - sized bottle of Chateau d’Yquem 1787 for just under $ 100,000 .
Washington demands permanent bases to repress Iraqis , launch new Middle East wars
By Bill Van Auken
6 June 2008
The United States is demanding that Iraq grant it the authority to establish 50 permanent military bases scattered across the country , as well as other sweeping powers that would extend the present US military occupation indefinitely and formalize the country ’s status as an American semi-colony .
Details of the terms being negotiated between US officials and the Iraqi puppet regime of Prime Minister Nouri al - Maliki on a Status of Force Agreement ( SOFA ) covering the continued presence of US occupation troops in the country emerged this week from several sources .
Hassan Al - Sunaid , an Iraqi member of parliament from Maliki ’s Dawa Party , told the Iraqi state TV channel “ al - Iraqiya ” Wednesday that the draft agreement presented by Washington includes the building of the 50 bases as well as Iraq ’s ceding control of its airspace to American forces .
It likewise allows US forces to launch military operations without any prior consultation , much less permission , from the Iraqi regime , the lawmaker said .
Writing in the British daily the Independent Thursday , veteran Middle East correspondent Patrick Cockburn cited Iraqi sources affirming that the deal would allow US troops to “ occupy permanent bases , conduct military operations , arrest Iraqis and enjoy immunity from Iraqi law . ”
An Iraqi source quoted by Cockburn dismissed Washington ’s repeated disavowal of any desire for permanent bases in Iraq .
“ This is just a tactical subterfuge , ” he said .
Cockburn reported that the deal would give the US military the continued right to arrest Iraqis and imprison them indefinitely without charges .
Tens of thousands remain in US custody .
In addition to the military , US private contractors would also enjoy full immunity , he added .
Given that mercenary forces like those employed by Blackwater are also exempt from military justice , the immunity gives them an unrestricted license to kill .
Meanwhile , citing “ senior Iraqi military sources , ” the Gulf News reported Thursday that the US - Iraqi security agreement proposed by Washington would also include “ the right for the United States to strike , from within Iraqi territory , any country it considers a threat to its national security . ”
Gulf News adds , citing the same sources , that under the proposed agreement “ Iraqi security institutions such as Defense , Interior and National Security ministries , as well as armament contracts , will be under American supervision for ten years . ”
The report quoted one Iraqi military source with detailed information on the proposed US bases .
He told the newspaper : “ According to this agreement , the American forces will keep permanent military bases on Iraqi territory , and these will include Al Asad Military base in the Baghdadi area close to the Syrian border , Balad military base in northern Baghdad close to Iran , Habbaniyah base close to the town of Fallujah and the Ali Bin Abi Talib military base in the southern province of Nasiriyah close to the Iranian border . ”
The sources reported that US occupation forces are now engaged in building the bases and constructing runways for US warplanes .
They added that , while existing bases in Kirkuk and Mosul were supposed to be closed down in three years , Washington is pressuring the regime in Baghdad to grant it permanent control of the Kirkuk base .
According to some estimates , the US is spending upwards of $ 1 billion a year on base construction in Iraq .
The Pentagon has also transferred much of the military infrastructure that it previously maintained in Saudi Arabia to Iraqi soil .
As part of the basing plan , the Gulf News added , British forces would remain stationed at the international airport in the southern city of Basra for at least another 10 years .
The secret pact that Washington is attempting to impose upon Iraq is being described by the Bush administration as a Status of Forces Agreement ( SOFA ) , the likes of which the US has concluded with scores of other countries where the American military has bases .
Alongside this agreement , the administration is simultaneously negotiating what it has termed a “ Strategic Framework , ” though US officials have failed to spell out what this second deal would entail .
The administration is pressing for the Iraqi regime to sign the entire package by the end of next month .
Presently , US forces are operating under the fig leaf of a resolution that the United Nations Security Council passed in May 2003 , bowing to the US war of aggression .
While granting ostensible legitimacy to the US occupation , the resolution had to be renewed each year .
The Iraqi regime requested that 2008 be the final year , with the UN mandate set to expire on December 31 , revoking the international body ’s formal definition of the country as “ a threat to international peace and security , ” and removing Washington ’s flimsy claim to international sanction for its predatory enterprise .
The details that have surfaced in regard to the secret negotiations have unleashed a wave of criticism and outrage in Iraq itself .
Tens of thousands are expected to take to the streets again today in the second weekly protest called by the political movement led by Shia cleric Moqtada al - Sadr , who has called for a repudiation of the pact and demanded that it be submitted to a popular referendum .
Others closer to the US - backed regime of Maliki have also come out in opposition to the US proposal , underscoring the depth of Iraqi anger over Washington ’s demands .
A letter released June 4 , 2008 and signed by members of the Iraqi parliament representing the political parties controlling more than half the seats in the legislature declared that “ the majority of Iraqi representatives strongly reject any military - security , economic , commercial , agricultural , investment or political agreement with the United States that is not linked to clear mechanisms that obligate the occupying American military forces to fully withdraw from Iraq , in accordance with a declared timetable and without leaving behind any military bases , soldiers or hired fighters . ”
The letter was read out Wednesday at a hearing of a House Foreign Affairs subcommittee , where two members of the Iraqi parliament testified in opposition to the secret pact .
One of them , Professor Nadeem al - Jaberi , a Shia legislator from Baghdad , warned that the Iraqi regime lacked any real power to defend the country ’s sovereignty in the negotiations under conditions in which it remains occupied by over 150,000 US troops .
He estimated that approximately 70 percent of the Iraqi public wants US troops withdrawn from the country .
“ We believe that for any bilateral agreement to be signed it would be better it would be done after the withdrawal of American troops , when Iraq is fully qualified and when the Iraqi government is in a position to defend the interests of the Iraqi people , ” said Jaberi .
The second Iraqi parliament member , Sheikh Khalaf al - Ulayyan , from Sunni al - Anbar province , called for a postponement of any negotiations until after the Bush administration leaves office and insisted that the US military presence in Iraq must end .
Following their testimony , right - wing California Republican Rep. Dana Rohrabacher attempted to badger Ulayyan , demanding to know whether he wished the United States had not invaded Iraq and overthrown Saddam Hussein .
“ We prefer [ that ] it [ would n’t have ] happened , ” he replied , “ because this led to the destruction of the country . ”
Rohrabacher pressed on : “ OK , so you would have preferred the US not to have gone in and got rid of Saddam Hussein ? ”
Ulayyan responded , “ The United States got rid of one person but they brought hundreds of persons who are worse than Saddam . ”
In a comment also published Thursday in the Independent , Ali Allawi , who served as finance minister in the so - called Iraqi transitional government in 2005 and 2006 , spelled out the roots of this mass popular opposition in the historical legacy of the Iraqi people ’s struggle against colonialism .
Allawi compared the pact sought by Washington to the 1930 Anglo - Iraqi pact imposed by Britain as the price for Iraq ’s formal independence .
Like the terms envisioned by the US , the pact granted Britain military bases , effective control over Iraqi security forces , and domination over the country ’s oil .
“ The treaty was ratified by a docile Iraqi parliament , but was bitterly resented by nationalists , ” Allawi writes .
“ Iraq ’s dependency on Britain poisoned Iraqi politics for the next quarter of a century .
Riots , civil disturbances , uprisings and coups were all a feature of Iraq ’s political landscape , prompted in no small measure by the bitter disputations over the treaty with Britain . ”
He described the proposed Status of Force and Strategic Alliance deals as “ a reprise of that treaty , but this time with the US , rather than Britain , as the dominant foreign partner . ”
Allawi added that President George W. Bush is determined to impose the deal in order to “ salvage his Iraq expedition by claiming that Iraq is now pacified and is a loyal American ally in the Middle East and the War on Terror . ”
Having reached a tentative agreement during a videoconference with Bush last November to move forward with the permanent occupation pact , even Maliki and his puppet government have been compelled to backtrack on the deal in the face of mass opposition .
The London - based , Arabic - language daily Asharq Al - Awsat quoted Iraqi government spokesman Ali al - Dabbagh as saying , “ Currently , there is open talk on the need to look for alternatives to the long - term security agreement between Iraq and the United States . ”
Al - Dabbagh added , “ The Iraqi Government ’s vision differs from that of the Americans who think that the agreement will give them almost totally a free hand in Iraq and that , as a military force , they must have absolute powers .
This stand contravenes Iraqi sovereignty and our people ’s rights .
No Iraqi political force or party would accept this . ”
It appears that the Maliki regime is seeking to deflect mass anger by proposing to continue the US occupation — upon which its own political survival depends — by other means .
These could include either extending once again the UN mandate or classifying the US bases and continued military presence as “ temporary ” and subject to annual review .
According to Asharq Al - Awsat , Iraqi negotiators have also called for the restriction of US military operations to those approved in writing by the Iraqi government and of the immunity of US troops to actions carried out in such approved operations .
With barely seven months left in office , the Bush administration is attempting to salvage its imperialist project in Iraq by laying the foundations for a permanent colonial - style occupation .
Its aims are to secure a military stranglehold over the country ’s oil wealth and to utilize its territory as a base of operations for further military aggression throughout the region .
Despite sharp tactical differences over how to go forward with the Iraq war , there is a general consensus within the American ruling elite that some form of US presence must continue indefinitely , to achieve the original aim of the illegal US invasion : US hegemony over the oil - rich Persian Gulf .
While the Republican presidential candidate , Senator John McCain , has declared his support for a US occupation in Iraq that could continue for a century , the Democratic candidate , Senator Barack Obama , has indicated that his proposed “ withdrawal ” from Iraq would leave tens of thousands of US troops behind to protect the interests of the American ruling elite in Iraq and the wider region .
The difficulties that have surfaced in the Bush administration ’s negotiation of the Iraqi Status of Force Agreement are a reflection of a growing opposition to the US occupation among the masses of people , both in Iraq and in the US itself .
It is the independent political intervention of the masses in both countries that will ultimately spell an end to this criminal colonial enterprise .
Car enthusiasts know the unique satisfaction of driving a classic , polished automobile they have personally put together .
From replacing a carburetor to painting the exterior , keeping any vehicle shining brightly and running smoothly requires an eye for detail and a love for practical , hands - on work .
And one more thing - because every make and model is built a little bit differently , it helps to have a car repair manual at your fingertips before diving under the hood .
A firefighter would n't walk into a burning building without first knowing where all the exits are , and neither should a mechanic begin working on a car without first referring to the blueprints , especially with specialty cars that may be built quite uniquely .
Yet , with the right information and a little TLC , anyone can get that motor whirring .
Digital Repair Manuals
Luckily , CDmanuals .net offers the full , original repair manuals for all American - made vehicles up until 1990 .
Got a specific make and model of a classic car ?
We 've got the manual .
Not sure what parts to use ?
Want to modify but do n't know how ?
Search our database to find the right guide for your particular type of vehicle .
These are not just general car repair guides , but the original handbooks specifically designed for your car , factory authorized and precisely the documents that dealerships refer to for professional car repair .
Rather than offer secondhand overviews , we proudly offer the primary , detailed shop manuals that were issued upon release and originally intended for auto mechanics .
Available now as either a digital download or physical CD , each car repair manual provides roughly 800 pages of precise , explicit descriptions to get any job done .
Whether overhauling an engine or simply fixing an interior light , each guidebook includes step - by - step instructions and detailed images for safe and certain repair .
Officially licensed from the manufacturer , these car repair manuals are essentially the one - stop resource for anyone interested in fixing up a prized car , and the most comprehensive and complete auto repair manuals on the market .
Original Owner 's Manuals
And now , in addition to offering the original , factory authorized car repair manuals , CDmanuals .
net is proud to offer the original owner 's manuals , as well .
It 's a real stretch of the imagination to think that a car from 1950 that has changed hands countless times would still have the original owner 's booklet that was issued at the first sale .
Now , it 's easy to receive a copy of any classic owner 's manual on CD from CDmanuals .net .
A car can be like an extension of the self , stylish , powerful and ready to take you places .
Especially for early models , consistent high quality upkeep is what 's going to guarantee a refined , long - lasting ride .
Just as a chef takes pride in a well - cooked meal , any mechanic â lay or professional â takes pride in a sleek , fully functioning classic automobile .
Getting an early model to purr like new can be an immense joy , and we at CDmanuals .
net want to facilitate a safe and satisfying repair experience for every type of classic American - made vehicle .
Satisfaction Guaranteed
We are here to answer any questions and help in any way we can so that you may go forward and work on your car with complete confidence .
There is a complete money back guarantee if you are not satisfied with your order â  but we think you will be .
Guided by the right set of directions , anyone can delve into the mechanics to ensure a beautiful , snazzy and properly working automobile .
Who we Are :
At CDManuals .net we strive to deliver the most comprehensive auto repair manuals out on the market .
We offer manuals in print and in digital format .
These repair manuals are produced with the highest quality and attention to detail .
These are the factory authorized manuals .
These are the manuals that the dealer mechanics would use .
These are not interpretations by some of those other manuals that cover 15 years in 175 pages .
These repair manuals are very detailed and specific to your make and year .
There is a special feeling when you can work on your own car and complete a project .
No matter how small or large the end result is still the same , a feeling of great satisfaction .
These auto repair manuals give you step by step instruction with detailed images to give you the information you need to be able to complete your job .
Just as you would not work on your engine with wrenches and sockets , you should not take on the job without the right information .
These repair manuals give you the tools to be able to take on and complete your job with confidence .
Please feel free to ask us any questions or let us know if we can help in any way .
There is a complete money back guarantee if you are not completely satisfied with your order .
We will be happy to assist you in any way possible .
The seven Bahai leaders are now all in jail , the group says
The Iranian authorities have acknowledged the arrest of a number of members of the Bahai faith , which is considered to be heretical in Iran .
A Foreign Ministry spokesman said the arrests were a judicial matter and he did not give any further details .
The Bahai International Community says a senior member was arrested in March and six more last week ; together they make up the entire leadership in Iran .
It says it has about 300,000 members in Iran , where the faith originated .
Relatives said the six senior members were taken to Evin Prison in Tehran on 14 May , after Intelligence Ministry officers raided their homes in the middle of the night .
The Bahai faith is banned by the Islamic revolutionary leadership of Iran .
Hundreds of Bahai followers have been jailed and executed since Iran 's Islamic revolution in 1979 , the Bahai International Community says .
However , the government denies it has detained or executed people because of their faith .
Canada voiced concern over the arrests on Friday and called for their release .
I stole the headline directly from Mozilla .
I am writing this diary entry for our readers in Vietnam .
Apparently the Vietnamese Language pack for Firefox 2 has been compromised .
About 16,667 downloads of the Vietnamese Language Pack have been downloaded since November of 2007 , so the impact may or may not be significant .
So be wary .
If you have downloaded the Vietnamese Language Pack , you should know who you are , go to Mozilla 's website and read all about it .
--
Joel Esler
http://www.joelesler.net
WASHINGTON  A top adviser to Senator John McCain says Mr. McCain believes that President Bush ’s program of wiretapping without warrants was lawful , a position that appears to bring him into closer alignment with the sweeping theories of executive authority pushed by the Bush administration legal team .
In a letter posted online by National Review this week , the adviser , Douglas Holtz - Eakin , said Mr. McCain believed that the Constitution gave Mr. Bush the power to authorize the National Security Agency to monitor Americans ’ international phone calls and e-mail without warrants , despite a 1978 federal statute that required court oversight of surveillance .
Mr. McCain believes that “ neither the administration nor the telecoms need apologize for actions that most people , except for the A.C.L.U. and trial lawyers , understand were constitutional and appropriate in the wake of the attacks on Sept. 11 , 2001 , ” Mr. Holtz - Eakin wrote .
And if Mr. McCain is elected president , Mr. Holtz - Eakin added , he would do everything he could to prevent terrorist attacks , “ including asking the telecoms for appropriate assistance to collect intelligence against foreign threats to the United States as authorized by Article II of the Constitution . ”
Detail from Gillray 's ' The king of Brobdingnag and Gulliver '
For a list of links to historical primary source materials click here
To contact me about anything to do with this blog click here
By Andrew Walker
Economics correspondent , BBC World Service
Many respondents wanted to press the brakes on globalisation lightly
Half said the speed was too fast , while a substantial minority expressed belief that accelerating the process would help reduce inequality .
A clear majority of respondents in the 34 countries polled worldwide thought the benefits and burdens of economic development had not been shared fairly .
The survey was conducted by GlobeScan along with the University of Maryland .
Fast growing international trade and investment flows have been among one of the most striking global economic trends for many years .
The BBC World Service survey showed some striking divergences of attitude to the speed with which this process has occurred .
Half thought it too fast and even more thought it unfair .
Within the developed world , those who thought it unfair were also more likely to think it had gone too fast .
But in some developing countries the pattern was reversed .
In Turkey , Brazil , Indonesia and some other nations , people who perceived unfairness were more likely to think globalisation had grown too slowly .
Despite the unease expressed by many respondents , a spokesman for one of the research agencies involved said that few want to slam the brakes on globalisation - but many do want to press the brakes lightly .
Most of the interviews were done before the past few weeks of international financial market turbulence .
They do nonetheless show slightly more than half saying economic conditions in their own country were getting worse .
For the global economy 46 % said conditions were getting worse , which was more than thought the situation was improving .
GlobeScan interviewed 34,528 people in 34 countries between 31 October 2007 and 25 January 2008 .
In 16 of the 34 countries , the sample was limited to major urban areas .
The margin of error per country ranges from +/- 2.4 % to 4.4 % .
AP
YAHOO !'S co-founder and boss , Jerry Yang , and his board had this coming .
For three months they did everything they could to rebuff Microsoft , which was offering to buy the internet company at a big premium to its value before the bid .
They succeeded , if that is the word , when Microsoft walked away in frustration this month .
Yahoo !'s shareholders were livid , and have been saying so .
The proxy fight that Microsoft itself shied away from now appears likely to start anyway .
The person to launch it is Carl Icahn , a shareholder activist who is feared by boards across America that he has taken on or threatened .
Since Microsoft dropped its bid for Yahoo ! , Mr Icahn has bought 59 m shares , worth more than $ 1.5 billion , in the company and has applied for regulatory permission to buy lots more .
And his first action as a shareholder has been to send Yahoo !'s board a letter that amounts to a public flogging .
Yahoo !'s board , Mr Icahn wrote , “ acted irrationally ” in its response to Microsoft .
It has “ lost the faith of shareholders , ” he continued .
To him it is “ obvious ” that Microsoft 's bid was “ superior ” to any value Yahoo !
could create on its own .
He is “ perplexed ” by the board 's behaviour , he said , which is “ irresponsible ” and “ unconscionable . ”
One pictures Yahoo !'s wounded fiduciaries gulping .
They may indeed be on their way out , because Mr Icahn is nominating his own slate of ten directors in their stead .
It is a cheeky line - up , consisting of himself and several private investors who have been his partners .
There is also a corporate - governance professor and a media tycoon turned investor .
Above all , there is Adam Dell , the brother of Michael , founder of the eponymous computer company , who once sold a company to Yahoo ! ; and Mark Cuban , who got rich by selling Broadcast.com to Yahoo !
at the height of the dotcom bubble and now owns the Dallas Mavericks , a basketball team .
Mr Icahn does not always succeed in his attacks on boards he considers soft , but often .
He recently played a big role in forcing another technology company , BEA Systems , a neighbour of Yahoo !'s in Silicon Valley , to resume negotiations with Oracle , another software company in the valley , that led to its acquistion .
In Mr Icahn 's favour is that he has a good point .
The overwhelming logic for a combination of Microsoft and Yahoo !
is that this appears to be the only way that the two can put up a good fight against the new superpower of web search , online advertising and the Internet in general , which is Google .
As a reminder , on the day of Mr Icahn 's letter , Hitwise , an online - measurement firm , released the latest market - share numbers in American web searches .
Google 's share once again went up , to 67.9 % , and both Yahoo ! and Microsoft fell , to 20.28 % and 6.26 % respectively .
And what has been Mr Yang 's proposed alternative so far ?
To do a deal with Google , in which Yahoo ! would outsource part of its search - advertising technology .
Mathematically , this could indeed boost Yahoo !'s profits somewhat , and thus raise its technical value , because Google is better at placing ads next to search results that consumers actually click on , and collects more revenue for each such click .
But for Yahoo !
this would amount to total capitulation in its effort , after years and billions spent , to catch up with Google in precisely this technology .
Yahoo !
would in effect resign to becoming a second - tier internet player , not unlike Ask.com , another search engine that uses Google 's advertising technology .
Even assuming that Mr Yang and his board now feel the pressure , would Microsoft come back to the table ?
Mr Ballmer , its boss , may just be playing the game tactically , but his frustration appears to have been real .
Engineers in both companies have been griping about a combination .
In the bigger battle against Google to attract and retain the brightest geeks — ultimately the crucial factor in the search wars — the uncertainty of an acquistion cannot help .
Mr Yang had better become very co-operative indeed , and quickly .
Billions of pounds are being wasted in paying industries in developing countries to reduce climate change emissions , according to two analyses of the UN 's carbon offsetting programme .
Leading academics and watchdog groups allege that the UN 's main offset fund is being routinely abused by chemical , wind , gas and hydro companies who are claiming emission reduction credits for projects that should not qualify .
The result is that no genuine pollution cuts are being made , undermining assurances by the UK government and others that carbon markets are dramatically reducing greenhouse gases , the researchers say .
The criticism centres on the UN 's clean development mechanism ( CDM ) , an international system established by the Kyoto process that allows rich countries to meet emissions targets by funding clean energy projects in developing nations .
Credits from the project are being bought by European companies and governments who are unable to meet their carbon reduction targets .
The market for CDM credits is growing fast .
At present it is worth nearly $ 20 bn a year , but this is expected to grow to over $ 100 bn within four years .
More than 1,000 projects have so far been approved , and 2,000 more are making their way through the process .
A working paper from two senior Stanford University academics examined more than 3,000 projects applying for or already granted up to $ 10bn of credits from the UN's CDM funds over the next four years , and concluded that the majority should not be considered for assistance .
" They would be built anyway , " says David Victor , law professor at the Californian university .
" It looks like between one and two thirds of all the total CDM offsets do not represent actual emission cuts . "
Governments consider that CDM is vital to reducing global emissions under the terms of the Kyoto treaty .
To earn credits under the mechanism , emission reductions must be in addition to those that would have taken place without the project .
But critics argue this " additionality " is impossible to prove and open to abuse .
The Stanford paper , by Victor and his colleague Michael Wara , found that nearly every new hydro , wind and natural gas - fired plant expected to be built in China in the next four years is applying for CDM credits , even though it is Chinese policy to encourage these industries .
" Traders are finding ways of gaining credits that they would never have had before .
You will never know accurately , but rich countries are clearly overpaying by a massive amount , " said Victor .
A separate study published this week by US watchdog group International Rivers argues that nearly three quarters of all registered CDM projects were complete at the time of approval , suggesting that CDM money was not needed to finance them .
" It would seem clear that a project that is already built cannot need extra income in order to be built , " said Patrick McCully , director of the thinktank in California .
" Judging additionality has turned out to be unknowable and unworkable .
It can never be proved definitively that if a developer or factory owner did not get offset income they would not build their project . "
Yesterday a spokesman for the CDM in Bonn said the fund was significantly cutting emissions and providing incentives for companies to employ clean technologies : " There is a responsible level of scrutiny .
The process is in continual reform .
All the projects are vetted independently and are then certified by third parties .
There are many checks and balances and we can show how all projects are vetted . "
The UK government last night defended the CDM .
" We completely reject any assertions that [ it ] is fundamentally flawed , " a spokeswoman said .
" We 've worked consistently for and seen improvement in CDM processes over the past few years of its operation .
We believe the CDM is essentially transparent and robust , though we will continue to press for the environmental integrity of projects . "
TORONTO ( Reuters ) -
The investment banking arm of Royal Bank of Canada RY .TO plans to acquire Houston - based energy advisory firm Richardson Barr & Co , bolstering its U.S. business as oil prices are soaring and private asset sales may be on the upswing .
A Royal Bank of Canada ( RBC ) logo is seen at a branch in Toronto November 9 , 2007 .
REUTERS / Mark Blinch
RBC Capital Markets , which focuses on middle - market companies in its investment banking business , said on Monday that it is buying Richardson Barr , which was founded in 2003 and advises exploration and production companies on acquisitions and divestitures .
Terms were not disclosed .
Richardson Barr targets corporate and asset transactions valued at $ 50 million to $ 1 billion , according to its website .
Services include private oil and gas company sales , oil and gas asset divestitures , and fairness opinions and valuations .
“ What you ’ve seen is a steady increase in the total asset and divestiture work that ’s gone on in the United States , ” Peter de Vos , RBC Capital Markets ’ head of U.S. investment banking , told Reuters .
That business has “ a fairly high correlation ” with the oil price , de Vos said .
In addition , sales of private oil and gas assets are expected to increase in the next year or so for tax reasons .
“ Many people believe that a new president would be likely to raise capital gains tax rates , ” he said .
“ That ’s an area that Richardson Barr focuses on , so we think , particularly with wealthy families that own parcels of land , that they might be more likely to sell between now and the time that tax rates are changed . ”
Richardson
Barr said it will be able to provide a broader range of financing and merger and acquisition services to its private - company clients when the deal closes , which is expected in the third quarter .
As for RBC Capital Markets , the deal brings experienced engineers , geologists and finance professionals to its energy group , which is already the largest unit within the U.S. investment bank , de Vos said .
RBC intends to keep expanding its energy group , and is also looking to build up its U.S. industrial and consumer expertise , he added .
Marine biologists had studied the creature - which spans nearly 13 feet in diameter , including a three - foot mouth - and will now use a satellite tracking tag to monitor its movements in the open sea .
Many find their bosses are unsupportive
More than four in ten UK employees are considering quitting their job in the next year , YouGov research for Investors in People suggests .
A lack of motivation at work is cited as a major problem , with unreasonable workloads , feeling underpaid and a lack of career path being blamed .
About half of staff said they had not been supported beyond their initial induction at work .
Meanwhile more than a quarter felt unsupported by their managers .
' Drift and depart '
Employees that had been with an organisation for just one to two years were most likely to want to leave , the study suggested .
" This research reveals a worrying picture , not only because such a significant proportion of UK employees are de-motivated , but because it suggests that valuable employees may be heading for the door , " said chief executive at Investors in People .
Staff needed support and " effective " feedback on performance he added - especially when mapping out career paths and training .
" Without it , employees are likely to drift and depart rather than stay engaged with their organisation 's objectives , " Mr Jones said .
De-motivation was highest within larger companies , the report said , with 39 % of people in organisations of 5,000 or more saying that they were either not very or not at all motivated compared with 30 % in organisations of between 50 and 250 people .
Motivation was lowest amongst public sector workers , it added .
the US should take the lead in promoting global co-operation in the international tax arena .
There has been a race to the bottom in the taxation of corporate income as nations lower their rates to entice business to issue more debt and invest in their jurisdictions .
Closely related is the problem of tax havens that seek to lure wealthy citizens with promises that they can avoid paying taxes altogether on large parts of their fortunes .
It might be inevitable that globalisation leads to some increases in inequality ; it is not necessary that it also compromise the possibility of progressive taxation .
This issue goes well beyond economics to questions of political economy and political philosophy .
If you think it is the job of government to take from Peter to pay Paul , and if Peter can move around the globe , then you need international tax cooperation .
Otherwise , some countries will become nations of Peters , leaving all the Pauls to fend for themselves .
On the other hand , if you think that the main job of government is to facilitate voluntary exchange by protecting property rights , rather than re-slicing the economic pie as it sees fit , then tax competition is a good check against excessive interventionism .
In other words , are you more worried about too little government or too much ?
It has been proven that no firearm can penetrate 14 inches of water , not even the magnum .50 cal sniper rifle with steel - jacketed bullets , so this means that if you want to be safe from any bullet just stay under 14 inches of water in a river or lake .
RSAGL , the RogueStar Animation and Graphics Library , was specifically designed for a computer game called roguestar , but effort has been made to make it accessable to other projects that might benefit from it .
It includes mathematical utilities , a 3D modeling language based on parametric surfaces , and an arrow - based FRP framework .
Mr. Freeman , among others , questions whether there is a shortage of scientists in the United States .
He cites evidence suggesting that American dominance in science will decline over time and that we should worry less about purported shortages at home and more about “ developing new ways of benefiting from scientific advances made in other countries . ”
Of course , scientific knowledge is n’t a thing , like a child ’s toy or an electric motor , so the day may never come when “ science ” can be purchased from a Chinese or Indian catalog .
For the foreseeable future , United States companies will need their own highly paid scientists “ to evaluate the purchase of foreign science and to make sense of it in their own labs , ” says Daniel Sarewitz , director of the Consortium for Science , Policy and Outcomes at Arizona State University .
While the United States is expected to remain the home of choice for the world ’s best scientists for some time , industry is increasingly striking deals with scientists in developing countries eager for wider exposure .
Seagate Technology , a leader in digital storage , pays scientists in Singapore to do basic studies , and even benefits from subsidies given those scientists by Singapore ’s government , making the relationship even more affordable .
Seagate runs a research laboratory in Pittsburgh .
Roughly 10 to 20 percent of the lab ’s budget for outsiders goes to scientists working abroad .
Benefiting from foreign science is n’t new .
Last October , the Nobel Prize for physics , for instance , was shared by French and German scientists for their basic discovery of what is known as the “ giant magnetoresistance ” effect , which enables much more digital data to be stored on a disk drive .
The breakthrough , by Albert Fert and Peter Grünberg , had essentially no commercial impact in Germany or France .
But by using open scientific literature and attending conferences , Seagate found ways to capitalize on the breakthrough , which had been financed by European governments .
“ This is a really good example of how foreign scientists help , ” says Mark Re , Seagate ’s senior vice president for research and head of the company ’s research center in Pittsburgh .
Commercializing science is n’t easy , which is the main reason that rising scientists from India , China and other countries can’t readily achieve business success .
In the case of the magneto effect , Seagate engineers ended up using different materials  at different temperatures  than the Nobel winners .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The Pentagon on Friday announced changes to procedures for the cremation of slain U.S. troops after concerns emerged about the military ’s use of a crematorium that burns both human and animal remains .
Master Sgt. Richard Estelle plays the trumpet at the Long Island National Cemetery in Farmingdale , New York July 17 , 2007 .
REUTERS / Shannon Stapleton
The changes were unveiled late in the day after Republican presidential candidate John McCain , who sits on the Senate Armed Services Committee , called on the Defense Department for an independent investigation into the cremation of a U.S. soldier due to be buried at Arlington National Cemetery .
“ There is no mission more important than the dignified return of our fallen heroes to our families , ” Pentagon press secretary Geoff Morrell said .
The crematorium in question was used by the mortuary at Dover Air Force Base in Delaware , where the bodies of troops killed in Iraq , Afghanistan and other overseas locations are returned to the United States , officials said .
In a Friday letter to Defense Secretary Robert Gates , McCain said the Army notified the Senate Armed Services Committee of a report that one soldier ’s remains had been cremated at a pet crematorium .
The soldier was scheduled to be buried on May 20 at Arlington , across the Potomac River from Washington .
“ This report is very disturbing and our men and women in uniform who make the ultimate sacrifice must be treated with dignity , ” McCain , a Vietnam War veteran and the Senate committee ’s senior Republican , wrote in the letter .
Pentagon officials said the issue came to light after a soldier who works at the Pentagon attended the cremation of a comrade killed in combat and expressed concern about the crematorium .
The crematorium is in an industrial area and has a sign advertising the fact that it also cremates pets .
The Pentagon said it had no evidence that the remains of troops had been treated inappropriately at the crematorium .
According to officials , the remains of humans and pets were cremated at separate incinerators at the Delaware crematorium .
But officials said Gates believed it was insensitive to cremate the bodies of troops at a site which also cremated animals .
From now on , the military would only use cremation facilities attached to funeral homes , Morrell said .
“ The families of the fallen have the secretary ’s deepest apology , ” Morrell told reporters at the Pentagon .
“ Those still serving have his commitment that this department will do everything it possibly can to adhere to the principle that the remains of all members of the armed forces must be treated with the dignity and respect that their sacrifice demands , ” he said .
More than 4,070 U.S. troops have died in the Iraq war since U.S. - led forces invaded in March 2003 and nearly 500 have died in the Afghanistan war since U.S. - led forces toppled the Taliban in late 2001 .
This election is notable in many ways .
For the first time since 1952 , neither the president nor the vice president will be his party 's presidential nominee .
For the first time since 1960 , a sitting U.S. senator will be elected president .
And for the first time ever , if the Democrats win , the next president will be female or black .
We are also at a fork in the policy road , for any of the three major candidates would lead us in very different directions on major public policy issues , from spending and taxation on the one hand , ...
Earth gives off a relentless hum of countless notes completely imperceptible to the human ear , like a giant , exceptionally quiet symphony , but the origin of this sound remains a mystery .
Now unexpected powerful tunes have been discovered in this hum .
These new findings could shed light on the source of this enigma .
The planet emanates a constant rumble far below the limits of human hearing , even when the ground is n't shaking from an earthquake .
( It does not cause the ringing in the ear linked with tinnitus . )
This sound , first discovered a decade ago , is one that only scientific instruments — seismometers — can detect .
Researchers call it Earth 's hum .
Investigators suspect this murmur could originate from the churning ocean , or perhaps the roiling atmosphere .
To find out more , scientists analyzed readings from an exceptionally quiet Earth - listening research station at the Black Forest Observatory in Germany , with supporting data from Japan and China .
{{ video = " 080415 - earth - hum " title= " Video - Earth 's Hum " caption =
" Our planet makes ring - shaped oscillations that act like a very quiet symphony .
Credit : Credit : Rudolf Widmer - Schnidrig " }}
Different types
In the past , the oscillations that researchers found made up this hum were " spheroidal " — they basically involved patches of rock moving up and down , albeit near undetectably .
Now oscillations have been discovered making up the hum that , oddly , are shaped roughly like rings .
Imagine , if you will , rumbles that twist in circles in rock across the upper echelons of the planet , almost like dozens of lazy hurricanes .
Scientists had actually expected to find these kinds of oscillations , but these new ring - like waves are surprisingly about as powerful as the spheroidal ones are .
The expectation was they would be relatively insignificant .
New thinking
This discovery should force researchers to significantly rethink what causes Earth 's hum .
While the spheroidal oscillations might be caused by forces squeezing down on the planet — say , pressure from ocean or atmospheric waves — the twisting ring - like phenomena might be caused by forces shearing across the world 's surface , from the oceans , atmosphere or possibly even the sun .
Future investigations of this part of the hum will prove challenging , as " this is a very small signal that is hard to measure , and the excitation is probably due to multiple interactions in a complex system , " said researcher Rudolf Widmer - Schnidrig , a geoscientist at the University of Stuttgart , Germany .
Still , a better understanding of this sound will shed light on how the land , sea and air all interact , he added .
Researcher Dieter Kurrle and Widmer - Schnidrig detailed their findings March 20 in the journal Geophysical Research Letters .
A metronome is any device that produces a regulated : audible , visual or touch ( any combination of the three ) pulse , usually used to establish a steady tempo , measured in beats - per-minute ( BPM ) for the performance of musical compositions .
It is an invaluable practice tool for musicians that goes back hundreds of years .
( Wikipedia )
Germany has banned a family of pesticides that are blamed for the deaths of millions of honeybees .
The German Federal Office of Consumer Protection and Food Safety ( BVL ) has suspended the registration for eight pesticide seed treatment products used in rapeseed oil and sweetcorn .
The move follows reports from German beekeepers in the Baden - Württemberg region that two thirds of their bees died earlier this month following the application of a pesticide called clothianidin .
" It 's a real bee emergency , " said Manfred Hederer , president of the German Professional Beekeepers ' Association .
" 50 - 60 % of the bees have died on average and some beekeepers have lost all their hives . "
Tests on dead bees showed that 99 % of those examined had a build - up of clothianidin .
The chemical , produced by Bayer CropScience , a subsidiary of the German chemical giant Bayer , is sold in Europe under the trade name Poncho .
It was applied to the seeds of sweetcorn planted along the Rhine this spring .
The seeds are treated in advance of being planted or are sprayed while in the field .
The company says an application error by the seed company which failed to use the glue - like substance that sticks the pesticide to the seed , led to the chemical getting into the air .
Bayer spokesman Dr Julian Little told the BBC's Farming Today that misapplication is highly unusual .
" It is an extremely rare event and has not been seen anywhere else in Europe , " he said .
Clothianidin , like the other neonicotinoid pesticides that have been temporarily suspended in Germany , is a systemic chemical that works its way through a plant and attacks the nervous system of any insect it comes into contact with .
According to the US Environmental Protection Agency it is " highly toxic " to honeybees .
This is not the first time that Bayer , one of the world 's leading pesticide manufacturers with sales of € 5.8 bn ( £ 4.6 bn ) in 2007 , has been blamed for killing honeybees .
In the United States , a group of beekeepers from North Dakota is taking the company to court after losing thousands of honeybee colonies in 1995 , during a period when oilseed rape in the area was treated with imidacloprid .
A third of honeybees were killed by what has since been dubbed colony collapse disorder .
Bayer 's best selling pesticide , imidacloprid , sold under the name Gaucho in France , has been banned as a seed dressing for sunflowers in that country since 1999 , after a third of French honeybees died following its widespread use .
Five years later it was also banned as a sweetcorn treatment in France .
A few months ago , the company 's application for clothianidin was rejected by French authorities .
Bayer has always maintained that imidacloprid is safe for bees if correctly applied .
" Extensive internal and international scientific studies have confirmed that Gaucho does not present a hazard to bees , " said Utz Klages , a spokesman for Bayer CropScience .
Last year , Germany 's Green MEP , Hiltrud Breyer , tabled an emergency motion calling for this family of pesticides to be banned across Europe while their role in killing honeybees were thoroughly investigated .
Her action follows calls for a ban from beekeeping associations and environmental organisations across Europe .
Philipp Mimkes , spokesman for the German - based Coalition Against Bayer Dangers , said : " We have been pointing out the risks of neonicotinoids for almost 10 years now .
This proves without a doubt that the chemicals can come into contact with bees and kill them .
These pesticides should n't be on the market . "
Fluorescently labeled sugars light up to reveal cells in the skin layer of the jaw region of a three - day - old zebrafish embryo , seen from below with the nose at the top .
More recently produced carbohydrates ( red ) are on the surface of cells , creating red rings , while carbohydrates produced earlier in development ( green ) have moved to the inside of cells , making green disks .
Yellow areas are where old and new carbos congregate together .
Credit : Bertozzi laboratory / UC Berkeley
Using artificial sugar and some clever chemistry , University of California , Berkeley , researchers have made glow - in - the - dark fish whose internal light comes from the sugar coating on their cells .
This novel method of fluorescently tagging the sugar chains , or carbohydrates , that coat cells is a new tool for those studying development in the zebrafish , a laboratory organism popular because its transparent embryos allow easy observation of living cells as they develop over time .
" Most people think of carbohydrates as food , but the surface of any cell in our body is adorned with a ton of sugars as well as proteins that allow cells to communicate with other cells and invading pathogens , " said UC Berkeley graduate student Jeremy M. Baskin .
" People have had for many years the ability to image specific proteins , but not carbohydrates .
We have developed for the first time methods for labeling and imaging carbohydrates inside an intact animal . "
" An understanding of how , when and where cells dust themselves with sugar may shed light on how stem cells develop into tissues , as well as turn up markers of disease , such as cancer , or strategies for battling infectious organisms , " said first author Scott T. Laughlin , who , like Baskin , is a graduate student in the Department of Chemistry .
One big advantage of the technique is that it is non-toxic and can be used to study living cells , Baskin said , whereas other methods of tagging cell - surface carbohydrates cannot be performed on living specimens .
Baskin and Laughlin , together with Carolyn Bertozzi , UC Berkeley professor of chemistry and of molecular and cell biology , and developmental geneticist Sharon L. Amacher , associate professor of molecular and cell biology , reported their results in the May 2 issue of the journal Science .
Bertozzi also is director of the Molecular Foundry at Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory , a Howard Hughes Medical Institute investigator , and the T.Z. and Irmgard Chu Distinguished Professor of Chemistry at UC Berkeley .
" We have genes in our body coding for proteins , but proteins get modified in lots of different ways , one of which is by addition of sugars that stick out on the cell surface and change the way the protein interacts with the environment , " Amacher said .
" One of the big mysteries is how the pattern of sugar modification changes during development , or in cancer cells versus non-cancer cells , for example .
The exciting work Carolyn is now doing is finding ways that we can actually see the sugar labels on proteins . "
Scientists have known for more than a century how to attach fluorescent dyes to proteins , and have used the technique to study protein trafficking in cell culture and even in whole organisms , though often at the expense of killing the cells or organism .
Bertozzi has focused on making it just as easy to study the sugars on cells , in part to investigate their role in such diseases as tuberculosis and influenza .
In the latter , the flu virus enters cells by way of hemagglutinin , a sugar - protein complex on the viral surface that attaches to sugars on the surface of host cells .
But sugars clearly have roles in cell - to - cell communication that have yet to be discovered .
One technique Bertozzi has developed is to feed cells an artificial sugar that looks so much like the real thing that cells are tricked into incorporating the sugar into their carbohydrate chains .
Once the sugar becomes part of the forest of carbohydrates adorning a living cell , she then uses a non -toxic chemical reaction to attach small organic labels to it .
Simple , highly selective and non-toxic chemical reactions like this have come to be called click chemistry .
In their work on zebrafish , Baskin , Bertozzi and their colleagues soaked zebrafish embryos in the artificial sugar N - azidoacetylgalactosamine , which the embryo cells then used as a carbohydrate building block to replace the natural sugar N - acetylgalactosamine .
The researchers then modified a chemical reaction that is normally toxic to cells to eliminate the toxic copper catalyst and employed this reaction to attach a small fluorescent molecule , a fluorophore , to the " azido " part of the unnatural sugar .
The copper - free click chemistry worked with three separate fluorophores , enabling the researchers to make two - to five - day - old zebrafish cells glow red , green and even near infrared , which is invisible to the eye but can be detected by some microscopes .
They were able to observe differences over time in when and where on a single cell the sugar appeared , sugar movement through the cell interior , and in which tissues the sugar showed up .
" We 're hoping to extend the technique to other sugars , too , " Baskin said , noting that of the nine sugars used by vertebrates to build carbohydrates , Bertozzi 's lab has found artificial surrogates for four of them .
" We also want to try getting ( artificial sugar ) to work in different organisms and different disease models , such as cancer models in mice .
Basically , we are providing this as a tool for the general community to use . "
Amacher , who studies tissue patterning in the very early zebrafish embryo , is anxious to work with the labeling technique , but is waiting until Bertozzi 's group gets it to work in hours - old embryos , at a stage when muscles and organs begin to form .
" Once they get the labeling technique to work at very early times , it is going to be an even more exciting collaboration , and hopefully , a continuing one , " she said .
Source : UC Berkeley
Explore further Surplus sugar helps whiteflies detoxify plant defenses
TCP / IP Internetworking
With gawk
General Introduction
This file documents the networking features in GNU Awk ( gawk ) version 4.0 and later .
This is Edition 1.5 of TCP / IP Internetworking with gawk , for the 5.1.0 ( or later ) version of the GNU implementation of AWK .
Copyright ( C ) 2000 , 2001 , 2002 , 2004 , 2009 , 2010 , 2016 , 2019 , 2020 Free Software Foundation , Inc .
Permission is granted to copy , distribute and / or modify this document under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License , Version 1.3 or any later version published by the Free Software Foundation ; with the Invariant Sections being “ GNU General Public License ” , the Front - Cover texts being ( a ) ( see below ) , and with the Back - Cover Texts being ( b ) ( see below ) .
A copy of the license is included in the section entitled “ GNU Free Documentation License ” .
“ A GNU Manual ” “ You have the freedom to copy and modify this GNU manual .
Buying copies from the FSF supports it in developing GNU and promoting software freedom . ”
Table of Contents
In case it was n't obvious , I thought I should mention that Kabanov and Vene 's dynamorphisms which optimize histomorphisms for dynamic programming can be expressed readily as chronomorphisms ; they just use an anamorphism instead of a futumorphism .
-- | dynamorphism dyna :: Functor f => ( f ( Cofree f b ) -> b ) -> ( a -> f a ) -> ( a -> b ) dyna f g = extract .
dyna ' f g -- | dynamorphism kernel dyna ' :: Functor f => ( f ( Cofree f b ) -> b ) -> ( a -> f a ) -> ( a ->
Cofree f b ) -- dyna ' f g = hylo ( Cofree . ( f &&& id ) ) g dyna ' f g = chrono ' f ( fmap return . g ) . return -- | generalized dynamorphism g_dyna :: ( Functor f , Functor h ) => ( forall b. f ( h b ) -> h ( f b ) ) -> ( f ( Cofree h b ) -> b ) -> ( a -> f a ) -> ( a -> b ) g_dyna k f g = extract .
g_dyna ' k f g -- | generalized dynamorphism kernel g_dyna ' :: ( Functor f , Functor h ) => ( forall b. f ( h b ) -> h ( f b ) ) -> ( f ( Cofree h b ) -> b ) -> ( a -> f a ) -> ( a ->
Cofree h b ) g_dyna ' k f g = g_chrono ' k id f ( fmap return . g ) . return
Moreover , as an interesting aside , since one side is an anamorphism , there is no power to be gained for a dynamorphism by introducing a natural transformation term , even though dynamorphism is a form of chronomorphism , because ' eta ' can be folded into the anamorphism side of the chronomorphism , as you do with a normal hylomorphism .
Source Code
In what appears to be nothing more than propaganda masquerading as news , the U.S. military has announced , as Reuters described it , that it will " televise the Guantánamo trial of accused September 11 mastermind Khalid Sheikh Mohammed and five other suspects so relatives of those killed in the attacks can watch on the U.S. mainland . "
Army Col. Lawrence Morris , the chief prosecutor of Guantánamo ’s system of trials by military commission , stated , “ We ’re going to broadcast in real time to several locations that will be available just to victim families , ” adding that the footage would be " beamed to closed - circuit television viewing sites on military bases at Fort Hamilton in New York , Fort Monmouth in New Jersey , Fort Meade in Maryland , and Fort Devens in Massachusetts . "
While there seems little doubt that Morris is sincere , it ’s also apparent that the trial under discussion will not be taking place anytime soon , and announcements of broadcasts designed to appeal to the families of 9/11 victims are premature , to say the least , and more judiciously regarded as attempts to shore up the disputed legitimacy of the commission process .
Conceived by Dick Cheney and his close advisers in November 2001 as an alternative to either the U.S. court system or the U.S. military ’s own judicial processes , the military commissions have been heavily criticized for allowing the possibility of withholding evidence from the accused and of using evidence obtained through torture .
This latter provision was later dropped , but the possibility of using evidence obtained through coercion remains at the discretion of the government - appointed military judge .
It should also be noted that this is an administration that has found it notoriously difficult to differentiate between acts of torture and acts of coercion .
The commissions have also stumbled from one disaster to another .
Dismissed as illegal by the Supreme Court in June 2006 , they were resuscitated by Congress just a few months later , but were then struck down by their own judges in June 2007 , on the grounds that the legislation that had revived the process  the Military Commissions
Act  had authorized the judges to try " illegal enemy combatants , " whereas the process at Guantánamo that had supposedly made the prisoners eligible for trial  the combatant status review tribunals , themselves heavily criticized for relying on secret evidence obtained by dubious means  had only declared that the prisoners were " enemy combatants . "
Although this issue was resolved just a few months later , in a hastily - convened appeals court , the commissions have never , even briefly , escaped from the deep shadows cast over their legitimacy by their own government - appointed military defense lawyers , who have maintained , from the moment that they first investigated the new trial system in any detail , that the commissions are , to quote just a few examples , " implements for breaking the law " by concealing evidence of torture ( Lt. Cmdr .
Charles Swift , who represented Salim Hamdan , a driver for Osama bin Laden , in the Supreme Court case that threw out the first system of military commissions ) , and rigged , ridiculous , unjust , farcical , and a sham ( Lt. Cmdr. William Kuebler , who represents the Canadian Omar Khadr ) .
Currently mired in controversy in the case of Khadr , who was just 15 years old when he was captured  and , it was recently revealed , may not have killed the U.S. soldier whose murder is the key charge against him  the commissions have fared no better in any of the other pre-trial hearings that have taken place recently .
Lawyers for Salim Hamdan have fought tenaciously to establish that he had no insider role in al - Qaeda and should therefore have rights as a prisoner of war , and in the last month three other prisoners have resorted to disrupting their pre-trial hearings through a combination of non-cooperation and pleas for justice that have done little to reassure the wider world that the process is either valid or fair .
As I reported last month , the first of the three to boycott the process was Mohamed Jawad , an Afghan who , like Omar Khadr , was also a juvenile when he was seized after allegedly throwing a grenade at a vehicle carrying two U.S. soldiers and an Afghan translator .
Dragged from his cell to attend his hearing , he told the judge in his case , Col. Ralph Kohlmann , " My right has not been given to me .
I have not violated any international law .
There are many accusations against me they do n’t make any sense I am a human being . "
He added that he " continued to be treated unjustly and interrogated , and that he wanted the ‘ whole world ’ to know it . "
Jawad was followed by Ahmed Mohammed al - Darbi , a Saudi captured in Azerbaijan and rendered to Guantánamo via Afghanistan , who is accused of plotting attacks on shipping for al - Qaeda .
After Darbi refused to take part in the commission process , explaining that it lacked legitimacy , his military - appointed lawyer , Army Lt. Col .
Bryan Broyles pointed out that he had no choice but to accept his client ’s actions , which , as the Associated Press put it , he described as the result of a " reasoned decision . "
Although the judges in the commissions attempted to insist that the lawyers " must carry on with their defense even if their clients boycott , " Broyles was adamant , as he told reporters , that Darbi ’s decision " should mean that I sit very quietly , answer the judge ’s direct questions , and that ’s it . "
He added that his role in Darbi ’s forthcoming trial was now equivalent to that of a " potted plant , " and that he would " almost certainly " file a challenge against any order demanding that he defend his client against his wishes .
Broyles ’ criticism is more significant than it may at first appear , as it highlights a conflict of interest that is genuinely troubling to defense lawyers called upon to defend clients who subsequently refuse their services .
Under the terms of their military contracts , they are supposed to follow orders and insist on defending the men , even though they refuse counsel , but as civilian lawyers they could have their licenses revoked if they attempt to defend clients who have fired them .
This conflict of interest has arisen in the commissions before .
In their first incarnation , before the Supreme Court ruled that they were illegal , two of those charged 
Ali Hamza al - Bahlul , a Yemeni whose pre-trial hearing is expected imminently , and Ghassan al - Sharbi , a Saudi who has not yet been charged under the new system  refused to be represented by the lawyers assigned to them , Maj .
Tom Fleener and Lt. Cmdr. William Kuebler , who now represents Omar Khadr .
In an article in GQ last summer , Fleener and Kuebler both explained that they were unable to find any justification for the administration ’s insistence that the prisoners were not allowed to represent themselves .
As Sean Flynn noted , " The right to self - representation [ has ] been a codified tenet of American law for 217 years .
Under established rules , whether a man can competently defend himself is irrelevant ; he need only be competent to make the decision to represent himself . "
Kuebler believed that Sharbi was competent to make that decision .
" Therefore , " Flynn continued , " Kuebler believed he had an ethical obligation to step aside .
A lawyer ca n’t force himself upon an unwilling client , and no credible court would ever allow such a thing .
To do so would be to replace a vigorous defender with a prop , an actor in a charade that only mimicked a proper trial . "
Fleener faced a similar problem in the case of Ali Hamza al - Bahlul .
He told Flynn , " The concept of compelled representation has always bothered the crap out of me .
You just do n’t force lawyers on people .
You do n’t represent someone against his will .
It ’s never , ever , ever done . "
Flynn then explained , " The reason it ’s never done is that it undermines the concept of a fair trial .
When a man ’s life or liberty is at stake , he gets to decide who will speak for him .
That ’s the way American courts work , have always worked .
To eliminate that right is to begin to transform a trial into a pageant . "
On April 10 , when a third prisoner refused legal representation in his trial by military commission , what appeared to be a trend began to attract the interest of the world ’s media .
Ibrahim al - Qosi , a Sudanese prisoner accused of working as an al - Qaeda operative , told Air Force Lt. Col.
Nancy Paul , the judge at his pretrial hearing , that " he did not want a lawyer and would not attend future hearings because he did not consider the court legitimate , " as the AP described it .
" I do not recognize the justice or the lawfulness of this court , " he said , adding , " What is happening in your courts is in fact a sham , which aims solely that the cases move at the pace of a turtle in order to gain some time to keep us in these boxes without any human or legal rights . "
As the AP report continued , " He later removed the headphones used to hear the translator and said he would participate no further , declining to answer the judge ’s questions , " and saying , " I will leave the field and you can play as you want to play . "
Although Brig . Gen. Thomas Hartmann , the legal adviser to the commissions ’ convening authority , attempted to shore up the ailing process , pointing out that the commissions ’ rules " provide for the process to move forward whether or not the accused chooses to participate , " and defending the trials as " extraordinarily fair by any norm " and providing " substantial protections , " attorney Neal Sonnett , who monitors the commissions for the American Bar Association , explained why proceeding with trials without the defendants being present would be potentially fatal for their perceived legitimacy .
" If all these cases are going to proceed with empty chairs , " he said , " what has already been called a kangaroo court will just be highlighted as really a kangaroo court . "
It later transpired that Qosi ’s defense lawyer , Navy Reserves Cmdr. Suzanne Lachelier , had not even been able to meet her client .
As Carol Rosenberg explained in the Miami Herald , she had asked the judge " to help her gain access to Qosi ’s cell to try to persuade him  face to face  to accept her services .
The judge refused .
Prison camp commanders have said such access is against Pentagon policy . "
With the judge insisting that the case proceed as planned , and Lachelier left to consult the California bar to discover whether , as with the concerns of Kuebler , Fleener , and Broyles , her license will be at risk for representing someone who fired her , the time was clearly ripe for a morale - boosting exercise by the authorities , which is where , I presume , the idea for the statement about televising the 9/11 trials arose .
What makes the announcement particularly premature is that those who have been studying the commissions ’ recent progress  or lack of it  know that the major obstacle preventing even the pretrial hearings of Khalid Sheikh Mohammed and his alleged accomplices from proceeding is the fact that they do not yet have the required legal representation .
Just last month , Col. Steve David , the commissions ’ chief defense lawyer , explained that , unlike the prosecution , which has a full roster of 30 lawyers , he has only nine lawyers on duty , who are already struggling to cope with their caseload .
It was , however , also ironic that the military ’s announcement almost immediately backfired when one of the few military lawyers assigned so far  Navy Capt .
Prescott Prince , who was recently appointed to defend Khalid Sheikh Mohammed  added his own criticisms of the commission process to the ever - growing list of insider complaints .
As Reuters described it , Prince " said he doubts the defendants can get a fair trial in the Guantánamo court because it accepts hearsay evidence that may have been obtained through cruel and dehumanizing means , " and also pointed out that the Geneva Conventions ban " acts of violence or intimidation . "
He also explained , in Reuters ’ words , that , " if the trials are indeed fair , then broadcasting them widely would prove that to the world , but he worried about setting a precedent by televising what he suspects will be show trials , " and added , " I can just imagine American soldiers and sailors and airmen being subjected to similar show trials worldwide . "
With his talk of show trials  and his fears that members of the U.S. military are liable to be subjected to U.S. - influenced show trials in future 
Prince joins an ever - growing list of military defense lawyers who understand that the military commissions are both unjust and counterproductive .
It is , as I have stated before , time to shut the system down and move trials to the U.S. mainland .
NBC News executives , still reeling from the sudden death of Tim Russert on Friday , have yet to begin to grapple with the long - term question of who might replace him in his most visible role , as moderator of " Meet the Press . "
But they have decided that Brian Williams , anchor of " NBC Nightly News , " will take Mr. Russert 's place this Sunday , according to Allison Gollust , an NBC News spokeswoman .
Mr. Williams recently returned from Afghanistan and is being replaced on " Nightly News " for the remainder of the week by Ann Curry .
Last Sunday , two days after Mr. Russert 's death , a special edition of " Meet the Press " was led by Tom Brokaw .
Mr. Williams 's guests will be Senators Lindsey Graham of South Carolina and Joseph Biden of Delaware , who were to have been Mr. Russert 's guests last Sunday .
Image Tim Russert and Brian Williams moderating the Democratic Presidential Candidates Debate in Las Vegas on January 15 .
Credit ...
Paul Drinkwater / MSNBC
Speedy Registrations have over 30 years experience of supplying Irish Number Plates and the main reason we are so competitive is that we are based in Northern Ireland , the home of Irish registration plates .
Our effective search facility makes it easy to search through our selection of private numbers plates to find you a new car registration for your vehicle .
The most popular Irish Girls names can be found listed below , just click on your name and a list of private number plates available will appear .
However if your name is not listed , just click on our search box above or call our experienced and highly trained sales team who will be only too happy to help you find your perfect number plate .
Speedy Registrations are able to offer a large selection of registrations , from cheap dateless registrations both Irish number plates and classic dateless with one , two or three digits , along with dated personalised suffix , prefix and current style registration numbers .
We pride ourselves in our ability to provide private number plates at cheap prices , backed up with our expert customer care service .
Simply click on the link below relating to what you are looking , where you can leisurely browse through our number plates .
Still finding it difficult to find the private plate you are looking for simply call us now on 02866 387124 , where we can offer you a personal service using our industry experience to find the private number plate suitable for you .
Below is a list of popular girls names , to check availability on numbers relating to a private name plate please click on the below options , if the name you are looking for is not listed please try the search box or call us to find something suitable for you .
Please select one of the Irish girl 's names below to check the availability of the car registration plates :
Irish Number Plates Irish Boys Names
Share this on Twitter ( opens in a new window )
Share this on Facebook ( opens in a new window )
Full steam ahead this week , with a new screenshot , some new sigs , and a couple of interviews .
Friday
Get Down–
We wrap up our week of new shots with one last shot of Crossroads .
Wednesday
Kotaku on SOCOM.com–
Kotaku showed us some love , so we show some back .
Thursday
Dev Q&A 01 –
We kick off a new series on SOCOM .
com– a developer question & answer session .
Seth Luisi answers this week ’s questions .
IGN and David Seymour Chit- chat– Coinciding with Seth answering questions on SOCOM.com , David Seymour reveals some new things to IGN .
Friday
Friday ?
Gamer ’s Day ! – Gamer ’s
Day is getting revved up .
Incoming SOCOM Patches– Cade Meyers from Zipper fills us in on a few upcoming patches .
SOCOM ’s Signature Style–
We ’ve got three sigs .
Spread them far and spread them wide .
We got some great info out to you guys this week .
We ’ll have more Q&A next week and keep your eyes on this blog for more E3 Judges ’
Day updates .
( Fortune Magazine ) -- Don Layton was standing out in the freezing cold when he got a rude initiation into life at the top of E*Trade .
It was early in the morning on Jan. 8 , and the company 's newly minted chairman - soon to be CEO - was meeting with a contractor to fix up his weekend house in New York 's Westchester County .
He 'd expected it to be a quiet day .
Then the calls started coming in .
Investors , company managers - all agitated , telling him they'd heard rumors that customers were pulling assets and that for the second time in two months a run on E* Trade was underway .
What , they wanted to know , was he going to do about it ?
His first instinct was to ignore them .
He 'd just seen E*Trade 's customer numbers for December , and he knew they were n't great - not much new business was coming in - but the old customers were staying put .
He figured that if he ignored the rumors , they would fizzle out on their own .
That was how it had worked during his 29 years at J.P. Morgan Chase ( JPM , Fortune 500 ) .
But then again , the 57 - year - old was still new to E* Trade - up until November , when he had stepped in as chairman , he'd been living the leisurely life of a retired banker .
He 'd never personally experienced what just a hint of trouble could do to a company that for months had teetered on the brink of financial collapse .
On that January day , E*Trade 's already battered shares were hit again , falling 20 % , to $ 2.25 .
Layton was stunned .
" I was not aware of how rumors in a vacuum could move fast and move the stock so much , " says the Wall Street veteran , who is also a member of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York 's International Capital Markets Advisory Committee .
" This was me learning . "
And as chief of E*Trade , he 's had to learn fast .
Reversal of fortune
E*Trade is still a company on the brink .
The crash of the credit markets has cost the company just about everything : billions of dollars , droves of customers , its CEO , its COO , and perhaps worst of all , its reputation .
It 's been an abrupt reversal of fortune for Manhattan - based E*Trade , the country 's third - largest online bank and brokerage firm ( after Charles Schwab ( SCHW , Fortune 500 ) and TD Ameritrade ( AMTD ) ) .
Until last summer , the company had been on a tear - coming off a four - year run in which earnings rose 200 % , to $ 629 million in 2006 .
It closed out last year with $ 195 billion in customer assets and $ 2.4 billion in revenue .
And , until last summer , the company was on track to have its best year since its founding in 1986 .
How E*Trade got into so much trouble so fast has much in common with the recent fate of its Wall Street brethren .
In 2003 the firm 's banking unit - which it bought in 2001 - began investing in mortgage - backed securities : CDOs , Alt - A , ABS , a whole hodgepodge of bundled loan investments that , as it turned out , no one really understood .
At first they were great for business .
By 2007 its investments in home - equity and mortgage - based securities were worth billions - and throwing off so much cash that they made up 58 % of E* Trade 's revenues .
Then , last summer , the credit markets seized up .
Practically overnight the company watched its loan portfolio - and a significant portion of its revenues - melt away .
Panic hits
Last November , after an analyst 's report suggested that the company 's bad loans could push it into bankruptcy , E*Trade 's customers withdrew $ 2.5 billion in assets in one day .
It later pulled back from the edge , thanks to a major cash infusion by Citadel Investment Group , but still lost $ 1.7 billion in the last three months of 2007 .
And the bad news keeps coming .
Since October , E*Trade has watched $ 56 billion in customer assets evaporate .
It also still has $ 28 billion in mortgage - related loans on its balance sheet and $ 11 billion in mortgage - backed securities .
Over the course of the next three years , the company has warned , those holdings could deteriorate further .
In some ways the panic that Layton and his team have been dealing with is singular , like a rogue wave overturning a fishing trawler .
In other ways E* Trade 's tale is universal , for its corporate officers have seen firsthand how quickly and cruelly the market can punish any company with exposure to mortgage - backed securities or , indeed , any business it does n't understand .
Of course , E*Trade was buffeted by the same forces that sank Bear Stearns last month .
Unlike Bear Stearns ( BSC , Fortune 500 ) , though , E*Trade has so far survived .
Its employees wake up each morning fighting to keep their company alive .
They know what it feels like to be inside a modern - day bank panic - not one in which depositors line up and besiege a white marble edifice but one in which holdings are liquidated with a few lightning - fast keystrokes .
If Layton and his team can salvage and rebuild the company , they may become a case study in how to survive a bear attack .
For E*Trade - as anyone working there will attest - the real panic began on Veterans Day .
" Nov. 12 , 2007 , is a date that is sort of seared into my brain , " says R. Jarrett Lilien , the company 's chief operating officer , who until March was also its acting CEO .
He remembers every detail of the day :
He was at his weekend house in the Hamptons , taking a much - needed break from the office .
( The stress from the credit crunch got so bad that the 46 - year - old took up boxing workouts to deal with it . )
He had planned to spend the day in his yard , digging up overgrown bushes .
He 'd even rented a Bobcat tractor to help him with the job .
It was a bank holiday .
Sure , the stock market was open , but Lilien remembers thinking that nothing much could happen .
He was wrong .
The night before , Citigroup ( C , Fortune 500 ) analyst Prashant Bhatia had released a report titled " E* Trade : Bankruptcy Risk Cannot Be Ruled Out . "
In it he estimated that the company had " a 15 % chance of bankruptcy " and said that " there is a real possibility of a run - on - the - bank scenario . "
Although Lilien had seen the report right before he went to bed , he had not been especially concerned .
Since July - when the company first disclosed problems in its mortgage portfolio during a conference call - there had been many negative analyst reports .
Lilien figured that this one would have the same impact as the rest :
It would knock the stock down a bit and then be forgotten .
The CNBC effect
Around 8:30 a.m. he revved up his tractor .
He did n't think much about Bhatia or his report until an hour later , when he went back inside to check his messages - along with the markets .
At the start of the trading day on Monday , the stock had been at $ 8.59 .
Within minutes of the opening bell , it went into free fall .
CNBC had picked up the Citi report , and suddenly the Street was buzzing about E*Trade going bankrupt .
Investors were dumping the stock .
The real trouble , however , was n't with investors - it was with customers .
As news spread of the possibility of E*Trade 's going bust , brokerage clients started becoming alarmed about what would happen to their money .
They overwhelmed the company 's customer service system with calls and e-mails demanding that their accounts be cleared out .
" Very early in the day , in real time , we could see that the outbound requests were building , " recalls Greg Framke , E*Trade 's chief information officer .
For E*Trade 's customer reps , it was a surreal experience .
They were trained to handle mundane requests - answering questions on how to use a stock chart or get tax forms or file complaints .
Suddenly the questions were ones they 'd never imagined being asked - or been trained to answer .
Are you going bankrupt ?
What happens to my money then ?
How quickly can I get my money out ?
" It came fast and furious , " recalls Michael Curcio , who heads the retail brokerage for North America and oversees customer service .
" The guys talking to our customers - they have no idea about our balance sheet . "
Scrambling , E*Trade 's executives tried to quell the alarm .
Lilien posted a letter on the company 's website saying it had enough capital to withstand its mortgage losses .
Curcio gave his reps a new script .
But those measures were like using an eyedropper to put out a fire .
By the end of the day a full - blown panic had set in and a run on the bank was in progress : E*Trade 's customers had asked to pull some $ 2.5 billion in assets .
( The stock fell nearly 60 % that day , to $ 3.55 . )
And it was just the beginning .
" It was not just that day .
It was the next day and then the day after and then after that , " recalls Framke .
Each day brought new waves of customers demanding their money - by the end of November , E*Trade had lost $ 35 billion in customer assets .
" At the rate that those assets were leaving , if it had continued for maybe another ten days , we would have been seeing real damage to the franchise , and perhaps irreversible damage .
That 's as close as I 'd ever like to be to looking over the cliff , " Lilien says .
De­function­al­iz­a­tion and Java
A couple of weeks ago I was introduced to the notion of defunctionalization by this article on Ken Knowles ' blog .
Defunctionalization is a program transformation that removes the higher - order functions from a program .
The idea is that you replace something like λx.x+y with a data structure that encapsulates a value of y somewhere , say ( HOLD y ) .
And instead of using the language 's built - in function application to apply this object directly to an argument x , you write a synthetic applicator that takes ( HOLD y ) and x and returns x + y .
And anyone who wanted to apply λx.x+y to some argument x in some context in which y was bound should first construct ( HOLD y ) , then use the synthetic applicator on ( HOLD y ) and x .
Consider , for example , the following Haskell program : -- Haskell aux f = f 1 + f 10 res x = aux ( λz -> z + x )
The defunctionalization of this example is : -- Haskell data Hold = HOLD
Int fake_apply ( HOLD a ) b = a + b aux held = fake_apply held 1 + fake_apply held 10 res x = aux ( HOLD x ) I hope this will make the idea clear .
M. Knowles cites the paper Defunctionalization at work by Olivier Danvy and Lasse R. Nielsen , which was lots of fun .
( My Haskell example above is a simplification of the example from page 5 of Danvy and Nielsen . )
Among other things , Danvy and Nielsen point out that this defunctionalization transformation is in a certain sense dual to the transformation that turns ordinary data structures into λ-terms in Church encoding .
Church encloding turns data items like pairs or booleans into higher - order functions ; defunctionalization turns them back again .
Section 1.4 of the Danvy and Nielsen paper lists a whole bunch of contexts in which this technique has been studied and used , but one thing I did n't think I saw there is that this is essentially the transformation that Java programmers use when they want to use closures .
For example , suppose a Java programmer wants to write something like aux in : -- Haskell aux f = f 1 + f 10 res x = aux ( λz -> z + x )
But they can't , because Java does n't have closures .
So instead , they do this : /* Java */ class
Hold { private int a ; public Hold ( int a ) { this .a = a ; } public int fake_apply ( int b ) { return this .a + b ; } } private static int aux ( Hold h ) { return h.fake_apply ( 1 ) + h.fake_apply ( 10 ) ; } static int res( int x ) {
Hold h = new Hold ( x ) ; return aux ( h ) ; } Where the class Hold corresponds directly to the data type Hold in the defunctionalized Haskell code .
Here is a real example .
Consider GNU Emacs .
When I enter text - mode in Emacs , I want a bunch of subsystems to be notified .
Emacs has a text - mode - hook variable , which is basically a list of functions , and when an Emacs buffer is put into text - mode , Emacs invokes the hooks .
Any subsystem that wants to be notified puts its own hook function into that variable .
If I wanted to accomplish something similar in Haskell or SML , I would similarly use a list of functions .
In Java , the corresponding facility is called java.util .
Observable .
Were one implementing Emacs in Java ( perish the thought ! ) the mode object would inherit from Observable , and so would provide an addObserver method for adding a hook to a list somewhere .
When the mode was switched to text - mode , the mode object would call notifyObservers , which would loop over the hook list , calling the hooks .
So far this is just like Emacs Lisp .
But in Java the hooks are not functions , as they are in Emacs , because in Java functions are not first - class entities .
Instead , the hooks are objects which conform to the Observer interface specification , and instead of invoking functions directly , the notifyObservers method calls the update method on each hook object .
Here 's another example .
I wrote a recursive descent parser in Java a while back .
An ActionParser is just like a Parser , except that if its parse succeeds , it invokes a callback .
If I were programming in SML or Haskell or Perl , an ActionParser would be nothing but a Parser with an associated closure , something like this : # Perl package ActionParser ; sub new { my ( $ class , $ parser , $ action ) = @_ ; bless { Parser => $ parser , Action => $ action } => $ class ; } # Just like the embedded parser , but invoke the action on success sub parse { my $ self = shift ; my $ input = shift ; my $ result = $ self -> { Parser} -> parse ( $ input ) ; if ( $ result -> success ) $ self -> { Action} -> ( $ result ) ; # Invoke action } return $ result ; } Here the Action member is expected to be a closure , which is automatically invoked if the parse succeeds .
To use this , I would write something like this : # Perl my $ missiles ; ... my $ parser = ActionParser -> new ( $ otherParser , sub { $ missiles -> launch ( ) } ) ; $ parser -> parse ( $ input ) ;
And then if the input parses correctly , the parser launches the missiles from the anonymous closure , which has captured the local $ missiles object .
But in Java , you have no closures .
Instead , you defunctionalize , and represent closures with objects : /* Java */ abstract class Action { void invoke( ParseResults results ) {} } class ActionParser extends Parser { Action action ; Parser parser ; ActionParser ( Parser p , Action a ) { action = a ; parser = p ; } ParseResults Parse ( Input input ) { ParseResults res = this .parser .
Parse ( input ) ; if ( res.isSuccess ) { this.action.invoke( res ) ; } return res ; } }
To use this , one writes something like this : /* Java */ class LaunchMissilesAction extends Action { Missiles m ; LaunchMissilesAction ( Missiles m ) { this .m = m ; } void invoke( ParseResults results ) { m.launch ( ) ; } } ... Action a = new LaunchMissilesAction ( missiles ) ; Parser p = new ActionParser ( otherParser , a ) ; p.parse ( input ) ;
The constructor argument missiles takes the place of a free variable in a closure .
The closure itself has been replaced with an object from an ad hoc class , just as in Danvy and Nielsen 's formulation , the closure is replaced with a synthetic data object that holds the values of the free variables .
The invoke method plays the role of fake_apply .
Now , it 's not a particularly interesting observation that this can be done .
The interesting part , I think , is that this is what Java programmers actually do .
And also , perhaps , that Danvy and Nielsen did n't mention it in their paper , because I think the technique is pretty widespread .
[ Other articles in category / prog ] permanent link
Kambutso is a typical African village of stick - framed huts plastered with mud set on a grass - covered hill in the east of the Democratic Republic of Congo .
On a clear day you can see the sparkling waters of Lake Albert to the east and the thick rain forest that covers the Ituri region to the west .
When I visited in August 2006 , a dark cloud loomed as wisps of mountain mist wreathed the banana groves and mango trees .
In less restless times it might have been a beautiful place to relax for a few days , but I was there to meet a notorious Congolese warlord , Mathieu Ngudjolo Tchui , a powerful military leader and veteran of ethnic fighting that had convulsed the region .
He claimed to command 10,000 fighters and was head of one of the last rebel militias there .
I wanted to ask him about the recent elections in Congo , about an amnesty agreement that he'd signed with the government , and about the atrocities attributed to him and his fighters .
Human rights activists had told me of attacks on villages by Mr. Ngudjolo 's ethnic Lendu militia in which scores were killed ( bodies mutilated and dumped in latrines ) , girls raped , children abducted into rebel ranks , churches burned , and hospitals turned into slaughterhouses .
And , in Ituri , it was alleged that Lendu and other fighters used cannibalism to terrorize civilians who'd become inured to violent death during the war .
Some of these accusations would become the basis of International Criminal Court ( ICC ) charges for which Ngudjolo was arrested last week .
• • •
At sunrise we set out from Bunia , a small , dusty garrison town where blue - helmeted UN peacekeepers peered from behind piles of sandbags topped with barbed - wire , armored personnel carriers trained their heavy machine guns down the main roads , and Humvees patrolled .
Our four - wheel drive wound its way up a rocky track into the hills , taking more than an hour to travel the 10 - miles up an escarpment overgrown with elephant grass and scattered with grey boulders .
As we rounded a corner , a dozen skinny stick figures appeared silhouetted on the road clutching AK - 47s , heavy machine guns , and rocket launchers .
Dressed in a motley collection of tracksuits , shorts , flip - flops , and T - shirts , they formed exactly the kind of roadblock you do n't want to run into in Congo .
Beside me , my translator Marrion P'Udongo , an evangelical pastor who makes a little money helping foreign reporters meet the people they want to see , smiled nervously , announcing , " We are here . "
What did I imagine Ngudjolo might be ?
Perhaps an inhuman moral blank ?
Or an unhinged lunatic , passionate and quick to anger ?
Certainly I did n't expect the softspoken former Red Cross medical assistant and father of three who met me .
He sat on a wooden chair , while outside his fighters relaxed by smoking cigarettes and fiddling with their guns .
He was smartly dressed in civilian clothes and had neatly cropped hair .
He was short and stocky with a pugnacious face and strangely tiny feet .
Ngudjolo spoke in Lingala , and Pastor Marrion translated for me .
We discussed the recent elections ( which would go to a second round vote before President Joseph Kabila was announced the winner ) , his childhood as a poor farmer 's son , and his early schooling .
Born around 1970 , Ngudjolo grew up during a period when coexistence between Lendu farmers and Hema cattleherders was punctuated by violence as populations grew and land disputes became frequent .
A legacy of Belgian colonialism , this ethnic division , as in Rwanda between Hutu and Tutsi , was increasingly bloody .
Later Ngudjolo talked enthusiastically of the recent amnesty deal he 'd signed and how , as a result , he looked forward to being integrated into the national army as a colonel .
It was a role he believed he was well equipped for after four years of fighting against rival militias in Ituri .
He was disconcertingly reasonable , speaking with a calm , even tone , but looked awkwardly stiff in his chair , ill at ease with being interviewed .
As we talked , I grew increasingly nervous .
It 's one thing to ask a man about his upbringing or politics , it 's another to come to a rebel 's stronghold and question him about massacres he is accused of .
Ngudjolo leaned back in his chair and listened , hands clasped in his lap , head cocked to one side .
Then , with palms upturned in a universal sign of innocence , he said that when there is fighting , of course civilians die and are displaced from their homes .
He said that he simply defended his people , Lendu farmers , from attacks by cattleherding Hema militias .
He denied having child soldiers , despite the hairless faces and slight shoulders of those standing guard outside the hut .
Rape is so prevalent in Congo that he did n't bother to address the issue .
He showed no fear of either local or international justice .
" I cannot fear international justice because for what can I be arrested ?
I have created a political movement , " he said recasting his ethnic militia as a political force protecting his people 's rights .
An aide dressed like a Hollywood bad guy in a shiny tracksuit and dark glasses added with a smile : " In Congo we have so many criminals , we can't just talk about the militia leaders .
If [ the world wants ] justice they must arrest the whole of the Congo ! "
Ngudjolo's confidence was misplaced : the Congolese government has acted on an arrest warrant issued by the ICC .
He was seized in the capital , Kinshasa , on Feb. 6 and transferred to The Hague , where he 'll be tried on six counts of war crimes and three of crimes against humanity .
He joins his comrade Germain " Simba " Katanga and their archenemy Thomas Lubanga Dyilo in the holding cells .
Ngudjolo did n't seem destined to become an international war criminal .
He had an inauspicious career in the Army serving as a lowly corporal during the last years of President Mobutu Sese Seko before deserting in 1996 .
Quiet years followed during which he worked as a Red Cross nurse in Bunia , pushing gurneys and ferrying drugs between clinics .
War broke out in 1998 , but he did n't decide to join it until 2002 when the Union of Congolese Patriots , an ethnic militia of Hema pastoralists led by Mr. Lubanga , overran Bunia .
Ngudjolo felt he had no choice but to fight .
Being better educated than most and willing to get his hands dirty , he rose quickly to lead an ethnic Lendu militia unsuitably named the Front for National Integration and formulated its military strategy , such as it was , employing tactics with which the war was already being fought : the targeting of both civilians and combatants with extreme violence .
He is being tried for an attack on the village of Bogoro in February 2003 .
More than 200 civilians died in the rout of a rival militia – one of the almost weekly massacres that took place between 2002 and 2004 .
The attack was swift and brutal , according to United Nations investigators .
At 5.30 a.m. hundreds of men , women , and children armed with machetes , spears , arrows , light machine guns , rocket - propelled grenades , and mortars surrounded the village ; dozens who had sheltered in a school were shot or hacked to death with machetes , others were burned alive in their homes .
Survivors were beaten and locked in a room with corpses , women and girls were raped and kidnapped .
As the village burned around them , Ngudjolo and Mr. Katanga celebrated their victory .
• • •
At the end of the interview , Ngudjolo stood and we shook hands .
He gave a rare smile , telling me , " Most people would be too afraid to come to see us here in our home . "
I could n't tell if this was meant as a threat or a compliment .
As we drove out of the village , Ngudjolo stood in the clearing at the center of Kambutso , hands by his sides .
A few of his young fighters waved .
By David Loyn
BBC News , Punjab
The governments of many poor nations are alarmed at the rise in food prices .
There are even problems in the Indian region of Punjab , where science once seemed to have found answers for a hungry world .
The Green Revolution made the Punjab , India 's richest farmland
The first thing Satpal Singh sees when he walks out of his bedroom door in the morning is a gleaming tractor , without a speck of mud on it .
It is given pride of place and washed down before being put away for the night in its garage built into the middle of his house .
This is a sign of the wealth that has made this the richest farmland in India .
In Mr Singh 's front yard , half a dozen cows chew contentedly on a maize - based mix , processed in his own machine in the corner .
But behind this idyll serious questions are being asked about farming practices in Punjab , which have consequences for the looming crisis in world food supplies .
Pesticide fears Before Mr Singh 's father died young of cancer in 1992 , none here suspected that the technology that had brought wealth to these farmlands in the 1970s might have a downside as well .
The new strains of seed and chemical pesticides and fertilisers , certainly brought high yields .
They called it the Green Revolution .
The benefit of high yields from new seed types was not long - lasting , and the pests kept ahead of the pesticide
But today the food the cows eat and the milk they produce , along with the water the cows and Mr Singh 's family drink , all show high levels of pesticide residue .
As well as being a successful farmer , he works part - time as a health co-ordinator in the village .
He took me to meet a group of farmers , who all spoke of health problems and knew of deaths they believed came from the use of pesticide sprays .
No protection
The problem here , as in many other places in the world , is that the benefit of high yields from new seed types was not long - lasting , and the pests kept ahead of the pesticides .
An old man , suffering from cancer , told me that in recent years he has had to spray round the clock to keep the pests off his wheat .
Chemicals and pesticides brought high yields
The sprays all have instructions demanding that they should only be used with face masks and protective clothing .
But the farm workers here do not use protective equipment , and they spray far more than the recommended amount .
The cause of cancer is always a contentious issue , but a new study from the Punjabi University at Patiala ruled out other potential factors like age , alcohol intake and smoking , concluding that the way the sprays are used is causing cancer .
Organic ignorance
The farmers told me that they wanted the same agricultural scientists who had given them the high yields of the 1970s to come up with something else .
They know that what they are doing now is unsustainable , because they are getting lower yields despite using more spray and paying more for fertiliser because of the high oil price .
None had heard of organic farming .
In neighbouring Pakistan , the local TV news carries interviews every night from flour mills and farms , as well as a daily check on the market price of flour .
The police have intervened to stop hoarding .
Ration cards have been issued , and the World Food Programme ( WFP ) talks about a crisis as the number of people who do not have enough to eat has risen to 77 million , half of the population of Pakistan .
The WFP describes the food price rise as a " tsunami " affecting the poorest in the world and there are many poorer countries than Pakistan .
The political consequences are already apparent in the troubled regions of the North West Frontier , where the Taleban and al - Qaeda have significant support .
They are more easily able to recruit by saying the government is failing to make affordable food available .
And on the other side of the border on a recent trip to Afghanistan , I heard the US - led occupation squarely blamed on the streets of Kabul for the high price of food .
Radical solution
High oil prices , drought , over - intensive farming leading to lower yields , increased food demand in India and China and the loss of land to biofuels have all played their part in ending the long period of cheap food that the world has enjoyed for the past 30 years .
One radical solution now being talked about is direct payment of subsidies to farmers .
Until recently Malawi was dependent on food aid .
Farm workers should use protective clothing spraying crops Back in 2002 , I remember going from village to village , walking through fields where stunted maize plants had failed to grow .
Children climbed a tree to show me the tiny indigestible hard fruits which were all they had to eat .
At that time Malawi was one of a number of southern African nations at the centre of a worldwide appeal for aid .
When it introduced a voucher scheme to provide cheap fertiliser to farmers , the big donors opposed it .
Hunger victory Memories of corruption and belief in economic orthodoxy that allowed the market to decide prices had given subsidies a bad name .
But now international donors are starting to change their minds and back the scheme .
Malawi has turned the corner , its farms are producing food for domestic consumption as well as for export , and few go hungry .
It is a stark contrast to the picture in 2002 .
And maybe an example some countries currently experiencing food shortages could follow .
From Our Own Correspondent was broadcast on Saturday 26 April , 2008 at 1130 BST on BBC Radio 4 .
Please check the programme schedules for World Service transmission times .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Green beans gently pop , like raindrops hitting a puddle .
This succulent sound is the Vienna Vegetable Orchestra playing “ Frkklz , ” a tender piece the 11 musicians produce by blowing into carrot tubes , strumming a pumpkin harp , and snapping celery stalks .
The ensemble plays music exclusively on vegetables : leek violins , pepper trumpets , eggplant clappers , and cucumberphones .
Such damp implements lend the works a watery timbre .
“ The more water , the softer the sound , ” orchestra manager Ernst Reitermaier says .
“ It ’s more soothing , more juicy , more smooth . ”
Maintaining moisture is key to making music with veggies .
Onstage in the hot spotlight , the instruments often dry out and change their tune .
So the musicians — who buy the vegetables fresh from the market before each concert and serve soup made from leftovers to the audience — dunk their carrot flutes into water between pieces .
The orchestra , founded in 1998 , is gearing up for a U.S. tour this summer .
If you ca n’t wait , its luscious 2003 CD , Automate , is available from Transacoustic Research .
It ’s a rhythmic , techno - inspired offering in which the beat of a pumpkin drum and the whistle of hollowed - out carrot flutes alternate with squeals of cabbages being rubbed together .
My mother , raised on Mozart , compared one piece to “ bathwater running down the plughole ” and another to “ someone gasping for their last breath of air . ”
As for me , I leapt up and danced to the sound of a synchronized salad .
With Toshiba ’s announcement of an actual shipping laptop with a 128 - GB solid - state drive inside , it seems that the hard drive , in portable computers at least , might be in the twilight of its life .
In the tech game , everything dies eventually , but some things are more fondly remembered than others .
8 - Track
The 8 - Track enjoyed some success , which is probably why it is so roundly ridiculed now — it ’s tough to laugh at things we do n’t remember .
The 8 - Track , born in 1963 , was so called because it had eight tracks across one strip of tape inside .
The tape was on an endless loop , spooling from the center and returning to the outside , and after the tape made a full revolution , the playhead was moved to the next strip .
Edward Lear ’s ( yes , the airplane guy ) invention was cheap and portable , and as we know , ended up popular in cars .
What it was n’t was reliable or in any way high - fidelity .
Shoddy manufacture and the inherent inaccuracies ( those moving playback heads , remember ? ) meant that the finicky carts soon lost out to the cassette tape .
Punched Tape
An average modern hard drive holds around 500 GB .
The first commercial hard drive , made by IBM back in 1956 , had around four and a half megabytes .
The punched tape gave 4 K of storage for every ten meters ( 32 feet ) .
Originally used to control looms in textile factories , punched tape ended up being used to feed instructions into and out of early computers .
We guess that theoretically you could encode a movie onto punched tape , but a quick reckoning using this chart tells us we would need a reel over 1,100 miles long .
__
__
__
__
Zip Disks
The precursor , in spirit at least , to the modern pen drive , the Zip Disk was a floppy on acid .
Instead of a lame one megabyte ( 1.44 if you ’re counting ) , the Zip Disk topped out at 750 MB by the end of its life .
At this time , the Sony - designed 3.5 " floppy was king , pushed into the mainstream by the original Mac , and the Zip was bigger , faster and actually pretty cheap .
The first 100 MB disks cost around $ 20 .
As a proprietary format , though , it died , replaced by rewritable CDs .
Now we live in a USB world , connecting anything to your computer is free , and with the exception of memory cards , almost nothing requires a special read / write device .
__
__
__
__
Cassette Tape
Beeeeeeeee BIP !
Beeeeeee biblibliblyibly .
That is the noise of a program loading from a cassette tape into a Sinclair ZX Spectrum .
The idea was , theoretically ( and quite literally ) sound :
Tape recorders were cheap and plentiful , as were the cassettes they used .
In practice , though , the analog nature of the format meant that performance was poor .
I get impatient these days when Photoshop takes more than a few seconds to launch .
Back in the ' 80s I had to wait for between five and 10 minutes to load a game .
Add to that degradation of the tapes with use , and forever having to balance the volume control at the right level , and you were just as likely to see the dreaded error message “ R Tape Loading Error ” as you were to see the splash screen of Manic Miner .
Cassettes had one major advantage to us cash strapped schoolboys , though .
You could hook two players together and make tape - to - tape recordings .
It was possible to fit a friend ’s entire library onto a couple of C-90s .
MiniDisc
Another proprietary format from Sony , and another one which has almost died .
At least Sony licensed this one to other manufacturers , but until recently Sony could n’t stand to dirty its players with a filthy format like MP3 and insisted on its own ATRAC .
When they first appeared in 1992 , MiniDiscs were cool .
Much more high tech than a cassette , the chunky little disks were both satisfying to clunk into the machine while at the same time looking like something from the future .
Indeed , as Clarke ’s Third Law almost states , “ Any sufficiently Japanese technology is indistinguishable from magic . ”
The players , too were quite special to those of us used to the Walkman .
Tiny in comparison , the MD players could also skip tracks and display song information .
Easy to scoff at now but quite a feature back then .
Of course , the format died , although MiniDiscs are still used for recording , and probably by retro hipsters on fixie trikes , wearing fashionable faux comb-overs along with their old tech .
That ’s five already ?
Writing this list made me realize just how many formats have been killed by newer generations , left gathering dust as their data slowly spills into the gutters of Disk * Row .
There ’s DAT , all kinds of floppies , Jaz Drives , quadrophonic LPs , wax cylinders , vacuum tubes , U - matic , Hi -8 , the list is possibly endless .
So instead of you chaps pointing out in the comments what I have missed , tell us a story — some retro-storage disaster , or how a particularly well - made mixtape helped you score .
Go .
* anagram
A biopolymer that switches from rigid to flexible has been created by Case Western University researchers .
It mimics the structure of sea cucumbers , which are able to change their skin from soft and flexible ( for getting through narrow spots ) to hard and rigid ( armor to protect them from predators ) .
It is known that sea cucumbers have skin composed of very fine cellulose fibers .
When attacked , surrounding cells secrete molecules that cause these " whiskers " to bind together , forming a kind of protective armor .
When relaxed , other cells release plasticizing proteins to loosen the fibers , allowing the creatures to flow easily through crevices .
Researchers isolated the cellulose fibers from the surface of creatures similar to sea cucumbers .
The researchers then combined the fibers with a rubbery polymer mixture .
The fibers formed a a kind of mesh through the body of the material , reinforcing the softer polymer .
The fibers hold it together , creating an inflexible material .
" It 's like a three - dimensional web in which these nanofibers overlap at certain points , and wherever they overlap , they stick to each other , " say researchers .
It is hoped that this rigid - yet - flexible material could be used in biomedical applications , like implantable electrodes that could record brain activity over long periods of time , without the scarring produced by conventional metal electrodes .
This material is a variation on the idea of shear - thickening fluids used in applications as varied as body armor and rehabilitative exoskeletons .
Readers who appreciate science fiction films may recall the wet wired brain implants used in the 1995 movie Johnny Mnemonic ; some sort of flexible / rigid biopolymer would be just what the doctor ordered .
( This Science Fiction in the News story used with permission of Technovelgy.com . )
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) -- Defense Secretary Robert Gates has formally ordered the Air Force , Navy and Defense Logistics Agency to conduct an inventory of all U.S. nuclear weapons and nuclear weapon - related materials to make sure all items are accounted for , according to a Pentagon memo released Thursday .
Defense Secretary Robert Gates orders an inventory of all U.S. nuclear weapons and related materials .
The order comes in the wake of the discovery last week that four nuclear warhead fuses were accidentally shipped to Taiwan in 2006 .
Gates ' memo , issued Wednesday , calls for all items to be accounted for by serial number .
Pentagon officials said at a news conference Tuesday that Gates would call for the review in addition to a full investigation into how the shipment to Taiwan from a Defense Logistics Agency warehouse happened 18 months ago .
The inventory review , which will involve thousands of items , is due to Gates in 60 days .
Pentagon officials said the request was ordered , in part , because this latest incident comes after the August 2007 accidental flight of six nuclear - tipped cruise missiles on a B - 52 bomber across the country .
" At a minimum , your report should include the results of the inventory and your personal assessment of the adequacy of your respective department or agency 's positive inventory control policies and procedures , " Gates said in the memo .
Four officers --- including three colonels -- were relieved of duty last year after a B - 52 bomber mistakenly carried six nuclear warheads from North Dakota to Louisiana , the Air Force said .
A six - week investigation uncovered a " lackadaisical " attention to detail in day - to - day operations at the bases involved in the incident , an Air Force report said .
E-mail to a friend
All About Robert Gates • The Pentagon
After the 2004 election Beliefnet used data compiled from the Fourth National Survey on Religion and Politics to introduce a typology of religious groupings that influence American politics .
You can see the twelve groupings and their percentage among the total voting population in the pie-chart below :
You can read a more complete description of each group and how they voted in the 2004 election here , and an analysis of the voting trends here .
The most surprising finding , given common stereotypes of religious people and their politics , was that the Religious Left is almost exactly the same size as the Religious Right , both at about 12.6 % of the total voting - age population .
It ’s good to know that the Religious Right is not as massive it is commonly made out to be .
( Even if you combine them with the Heartland Culture Warriors , they still comprise only 24 % of the voting - age population . )
According to the description , the Religious Left are :
Liberal on most everything .
On marriage , 42 % favor same - sex unions and 29 % civil unions ; 77 % are pro-choice on abortion .
A majority opposes the war in Iraq .
But only a few report that their faith is important to their political thinking , and overall , they oppose the political involvement of religious organizations .
This data also contradicts another assumption that I commonly find asserted here at this blog : that progressive Christians have not been active enough in opposing Bush and the Religious Right .
In actuality , according to the numbers , over half of Kerry ’s support in 2004 came from these Christians .
As the analysis put it :
The rise of the Religious Left was a major factor in the 2004 election …
The political awakening of the Religious Left carries several implications for the Democratic Party .
For one thing , Democratic leaders cannot view the party as primarily secular .
Add up the numbers of the Religious Left , Democratic - voting Latino Christians , Black Protestants , and the modest support from conservative Christians and you have 52 % of Kerry ’s vote .
Secular voters did vote in record numbers for Kerry but only accounted for 16 % percent of his vote .
The report did list “ Seculars ” as a group , comprised of the non-religious , atheists and agnostics , and accounting for 10.6 % of the voting - age population .
According to the description :
74 % of Seculars voted for Kerry , accounting for 16 % of his total vote , while 26 % voted for Bush , making up 5 % of his total vote .
They are :
The group that is most uncomfortable when candidates talk about their personal faith ( 54 % ) .
Very liberal on social issues : 83 % are pro-choice and 59 % favor same - sex marriage .
Liberal on foreign policy , moderate on economics , and quite young ( 47 % under age 35 ) .
In all , I find it very fascinating , and a very helpful breakdown of the various types of religious ( and non-religious ) voters .
It ’s always good to bust some stereotypes , IMO , and especially to get past this misconception that to be a Christian means one automatically supports the agenda of the Religious Right .
According to this data , it ’s pretty much just as likely that one does n’t .
There is direct evidence that President George W. Bush did not honorably lead this nation , but deliberately misled it into a war he wanted .
Bush and his administration knowingly lied to Congress and to the American public -- lies that have cost the lives of more than 4,000 young American soldiers and close to $ 1 trillion .
A Monumental Lie
In his first nationally televised address on the Iraqi crisis on October 7 , 2002 , six days after receiving the National Intelligence Estimate ( NIE ) , a classified CIA report , President Bush told millions of Americans the exact opposite of what the CIA was telling him - a monumental lie to the nation and the world .
On the evening of October 7 , 2002 , the very latest CIA intelligence was that Hussein was not an imminent threat to the U.S.
This same information was delivered to the Bush administration as early as October 1 , 2002 , in the NIE , including input from the CIA and 15 other U.S. intelligence agencies .
In addition , CIA director George Tenet briefed Bush in the Oval Office on the morning of October 7th .
According to the October 1 , 2002 NIE , " Baghdad for now appears to be drawing a line short of conducting terrorist attacks with conventional or CBW [ chemical and biological warfare ] against the United States , fearing that exposure of Iraqi involvement would provide Washington a stronger case for making war . "
The report concluded that Hussein was not planning to use any weapons of mass destruction ; further , Hussein would only use weapons of mass destruction he was believed to have if he were first attacked , that is , he would only use them in self - defense .
Preparing its declassified version of the NIE for Congress , which became known as the White Paper , the Bush administration edited the classified NIE document in ways that significantly changed its inference and meaning , making the threat seem imminent and ominous .
In the original NIE report , members of the U.S. intelligence community vigorously disagreed with the CIA 's bloated and inaccurate conclusions .
All such opposing commentary was eliminated from the declassified White Paper prepared for Congress and the American people .
The Manning Memo
On January 31 , 2003 , Bush met in the Oval Office with British Prime Minister Tony Blair .
In a memo summarizing the meeting discussion , Blair 's chief foreign policy advisor David Manning wrote that Bush and Blair expressed their doubts that any chemical , biological , or nuclear weapons would ever be found in Iraq , and that there was tension between Bush and Blair over finding some justification for the war that would be acceptable to other nations .
Bush was so worried about the failure of the UN inspectors to find hard evidence against Hussein that he talked about three possible ways , Manning wrote , to " provoke a confrontation " with Hussein .
One way , Bush said , was to fly " U2 reconnaissance aircraft with fighter cover over Iraq , [ falsely ] painted in UN colors .
If Saddam fired on them , he would be in breach " of UN resolutions and that would justify war .
Bush was calculating to create a war , not prevent one .
Denying Blix's Findings
Hans Blix , the United Nation 's chief weapons inspector in Iraq , in his March 7 , 2003 , address to the UN Security Council , said that as of that date , less than 3 weeks before Bush invaded Iraq , that Iraq had capitulated to all demands for professional , no - notice weapons inspections all over Iraq and agreed to increased aerial surveillance by the U.S. over the " no- fly " zones .
Iraq had directed the UN inspectors to sites where illicit weapons had been destroyed and had begun to demolish its Al Samoud 2 missiles , as requested by the UN .
Blix added that " no evidence of proscribed activities have so far been found " by his inspectors and " no underground facilities for chemical or biological production or storage were found so far . "
He said that for his inspectors to absolutely confirm that Iraq had no weapons of mass destruction ( WMD ) " will not take years , nor weeks , but months . "
Mohamed ElBaradei , the chief UN nuclear inspector in Iraq and director of the International Atomic Energy Agency , told the UN Security Council that , " we have to date found no evidence or plausible indication of the revival of a nuclear weapon program in Iraq . "
The UN inspectors were making substantial progress and Hussein was giving them unlimited access .
Why was Bush in such an incredible rush to go to war ?
Hussein Disarms , so Bush ... Goes to War
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Never Miss a Beat .
Get our best delivered to your inbox .
When it became clear that the whole purpose of Bush 's prewar campaign -- to get Hussein to disarm -- was being ( or already had been ) met , Bush and his people came up with a demand they had never once made before -- that Hussein resign and leave Iraq .
On March 17 , 2003 , Bush said in a speech to the nation that , " Saddam Hussein and his sons must leave Iraq within 48 hours .
Their refusal to do so will result in military conflict . "
Military conflict -- the lives of thousands of young Americans on the line -- because Bush trumped up a new line in the sand ?
The Niger Allegation
One of the most notorious instances of the Bush administration using thoroughly discredited information to frighten the American public was the 16 words in Bush 's January 28 , 2003 State of the Union speech : " The British government has learned that Saddam Hussein recently sought significant quantities of uranium from Africa . "
The Niger allegation was false , and the Bush administration knew it was false .
Joseph C. Wilson IV , the former ambassador to Iraq , was sent to Niger by the CIA in February 2002 to investigate a supposed memo that documented the sale of uranium yellowcake ( a form of lightly processed ore ) to Iraq by Niger in the late 1990s .
Wilson reported back to the CIA that it was " highly doubtful " such a transaction had ever taken place .
On March 7 , 2003 , Mohamed ElBaradei told the UN Security Council that " based on thorough analysis " his agency concluded that the " documents which formed the basis for the report of recent uranium transactions between Iraq and Niger are in fact not authentic . "
Indeed , author Craig Unger uncovered at least 14 instances prior to the 2003 State of the Union address in which analysts at the CIA , the State Department , or other government agencies that had examined the Niger documents " raised serious doubts about their legitimacy -- only to be rebuffed by Bush administration officials who wanted to use them . "
On October 5 and 6 , 2002 , the CIA sent memos to the National Security Council , National Security Advisor Condoleezza Rice , and to the White House Situation Room stating that the Niger information was no good .
On January 24 , 2003 , four days before the president 's State of the Union address , the CIA 's National Intelligence Council , which oversees all federal agencies that deal with intelligence , sent a memo to the White House stating that " the Niger story is baseless and should be laid to rest . "
The 9/11 Lie
The Bush administration put undue pressure on U.S. intelligence agencies to provide it with conclusions that would help them in their quest for war .
Bush 's former counterterrorism chief , Richard Clarke , said that on September 12 , 2001 , one day after 9/11 , " The President in a very intimidating way left us -- me and my staff -- with the clear indication that he wanted us to come back with the word that there was an Iraqi hand behind 9/11 . "
Bush said on October 7 , 2002 , " We know that Iraq and the Al Qaeda terrorist network share a common enemy -- the United States of America .
We know that Iraq and Al Qaeda have had high level contacts that go back a decade , " and that " Iraq has trained Al Qaeda members in bomb - making and poisons and deadly gasses . "
Of Hussein , he said on November 1 , 2002 , " We know he 's got ties with Al Qaeda . "
Even after Bush admitted on September 17 , 2003 , that he had " no evidence " that Saddam Hussein was involved with 9/11 , he audaciously continued , in the months and years that followed , to clearly suggest , without stating it outright , that Hussein was involved in 9/11 .
On March 20 , 2006 , Bush said , " I was very careful never to say that Saddam Hussein ordered the attack on America . "
Vincent Bugliosi received his law degree in 1964 .
In his career at the L.A. County District Attorney 's office , he successfully prosecuted 105 out of 106 felony jury trials , including 21 murder convictions without a single loss .
His most famous trial , the Charles Manson case , became the basis of his classic , Helter Skelter , the biggest selling true - crime book in publishing history .
The Prosecution of George W. Bush For Murder is available May 27 .
For more information visit www.prosecutionofbush.com
Willie Jessop , an FLDS member and spokesman , said some parents have immunized their children and some have not .
" It 's an individual decision , " he said .
But the parents " oppose forced mandates of things happening to their children they do n't even know do n't even know about . "
( Budget Travel ) -- Radiohead made news when it allowed its fans to pay whatever they thought was reasonable to download the band 's latest album .
Now , innovative restaurants around the world are doing the same thing -- letting their patrons decide how much their meal is worth .
At Der Wiener Deewan in Vienna , Austria , cash donations are accepted at the take - out counter .
At Terra Bite Lounge ( 219 Kirkland Ave. ) in the Seattle suburb of Kirkland , most diners slip cash into a donation slot by the barista , while others just walk away without bothering to pay .
" If I forget to bring enough money , I can just give more next time , " says real - estate consultant Tina Cooper , who stops at Terra Bite most mornings for what she claims is the best soy latte in the neighborhood .
" When we first opened , some people felt uncomfortable and did n't come back , " says Terra Bite 's founder , Ervin Peretz .
" But we now have regulars who put $ 20 into the slot every Friday for a week 's worth of joe . "
Discretion is certainly a theme of the pay - what - you - want trend .
At Salt Lake City's One World Everybody Eats ( 41 S. 300 East St. ) , you can deposit cash into a " treasure box " or use the customer - operated credit card machine .
The 50 - seat restaurant , decorated with Buddha statues , serves organic dishes from a combination self - serve and assisted buffet .
There 's also an edible herb and flower garden with outdoor seating .
" All we ask is that you put a fair price on the food you eat , based on your income , " says founder Denise Cerreta , who 's mentoring other chefs to open sister restaurants in Durham , North Carolina , and Denver , Colorado .
A philosophy student opened Der Wiener Deewan in Vienna , Austria , where cash donations are accepted at the take - out counter .
The all - you - can - eat buffet features Pakistani curries that change twice daily .
" I was n't sure the concept would even work , " says co-owner Natalie Deewan .
" But after the first few weeks , our customers were so enthusiastic that they were paying more than their fair share . "
You can add to the funky decor by drawing on the Plexiglas walls with permanent markers .
At the Lentil as Anything chain in Melbourne , Australia , you drop money into a box by the kitchen .
The first restaurant opened in 2000 , and now owner Shanaka Fernando is working on his sixth location ( when he 's not running a refugee program ) .
The cuisine is a mix of Sri Lankan and Tibetan , but eggs and veggie burgers are also on the menu .
" When it comes down to it , we just want to promote the very underutilized concept of trust , " says Fernando .
E-mail to a friend
Get the best travel deals and tips emailed to you FREE - CLICK HERE !
Copyright © 2009 Newsweek Budget Travel , Inc. , all rights reserved .
All About Food and Cooking • Travel and Tourism
Editor ’s pick
Paris fashion eco-system on edge as shows disappear
Posted
In Paris a whole chain of businesses normally working overtime at the peak of fashion season is being upended due to the global crisis , as Edward Baran reports .
Thousands of Free Sweepstakes
On September 30 , 2020 , we 've added 0 new sweepstakes .
SA also has 1540 online sweepstakes expiring in the next 14 days .
Use the navigation toolbar up above on the page to access all these exciting giveaway opportunities and thousands of free sweepstakes for your sweepstaking prize dreams .
Become the best sweepstaker and win more prizes on the best contests and sweepstakes website !
Featured Sweepstakes this Week :
2020 Williams Sonoma Skinnytaste Sweepstakes
The 2020 Williams Sonoma Skinnytaste Top 10 Kitchen Essentials online sweepstakes begins on September 8 , 2020 at 12:00 a.m. United States Eastern Time ( " ET " ) and ends on November 15 , 2020 at 11:59 p.m. ET .
Sponsor will randomly select the potential Williams Sonoma Sweepstakes winners from all eligible entries received during the Promotion Period , on or around December 1 , 2020 .
The winner will be notified by mail , email or phone .
There will be one grand prize .
Approximate Retail Value ( " ARV " ) : $ 918.50 USD .
Each participant may enter only one time during the Promotion Period .
iMedia Brands
The 12 Weeks of Christmas Sweepstakes
Enter the iMedia Brands The 12 Weeks of Christmas Sweepstake .
Weekly , a verified Winner will be pulled to receive one of these options :
Week 1 : Donna Salyer ( $ 228.00 value )
Week 2 : Jorge Perez ( $ 210.00 value )
Week 3 : Beauty Gift ( $ 268.00 value )
Week 4 : Electronic Gifts ( $ 414.00 value )
Week 5 : Kitchen & Food ( $ 389.00 value )
Week 6 : Invicta Gift ( $ 537.00 value )
Week 7 : Waterford Holiday ( $ 367.00 value )
Week 8 : MacKenzie - Childs ( $ 487.00 value )
Week 9 : Silver & Gold Jewelry ( $ 492.00 value )
Week 10 : Diamond Necklace ( $ 835.00 value )
Week 11 : $ 2,000 ShopHQ Credit
Week 12 : TV Prize Pack ( $ TBD ) .
The iMedia Brands The 12 Weeks of Christmas Sweepstakes ends 12/23 .
5 - Hour Tea Sweepstakes
You can't be a sweepstaker without some tea or coffee .
Enter the 5 - Hour Tea Sweepstakes .
100 Winners will receive three 6 packs of 5 - hour™ TEA shots ( 1 raspberry tea flavor 6 pack , 1 peach tea flavor 6 pack , 1 lemonade tea flavor 6 pack ) , 1 pair of 5 - hour™ TEA branded sunglasses , and one set of 5 - hour™ TEA branded earbuds ) .
Total Approximate Retail Value ( " ARV " ) of the Prize is $ 60.00 .
This new online sweepstakes will end on October 12 , 2020 .
The Family Dollar - Pringles Xbox Sweepstakes
Enter The Family Dollar - Pringles Xbox Series X free sweepstakes .
Ten ( 10 ) Grand Prizes are available .
Winners will receive one ( 1 ) Xbox Series X package consisting of – one ( 1 ) Xbox Series X console gaming system and one ( 1 ) Xbox Game Pass Ultimate 6 - month code card .
Note :
This product and its manufacturer ’s suggested retail price have not been released to the market at the time of print .
Any difference between the stated value and actual value will not be awarded .
Odds of winning depend on the total number of eligible entries received from all entry methods combined during the Promotion Period .
Total ARV of the online promotion $ 5,990.90 .
The Family Dollar - Pringles Xbox Series X Bundle Sweepstakes ends October 21st .
UnderPar How Lucky You Feelin ' ?
Sweepstake
Enter the UnderPar How Lucky You Feelin ' ? free Sweepstakes .
The prize consists of :
1 Titleist driver
1 Scotty Cameron putter
1 Ogio golf bag
1 pair of Foot Joy golf shoes
1 pair of Nike Jordan golf shoes
3 Travis Mathew polos + 3 matching hats
3 dozen Pro-V1 golf balls
2 Titleist golf gloves
1 Club Glove golf towel
1 headcover
The total value is this promotionl package is $ 2,000 USD .
The UnderPar How Lucky You Feelin ' ?
Golf Sweepstakes ends October 18th .
CBS Sports and Westinghouse Season Kickoff Sweepstakes
Enter the CBS Sports and Westinghouse Season Kickoff online sweepstakes .
The promotion will award one ( 1 ) grand prize .
The package consists of one ( 1 ) and one ( 1 ) Westinghouse 65 " Class LED 4K UHD Smart Roku TV ; and one ( 1 ) Westinghouse Power station .
The Prize has an approximate retail value of Six Hundred Fifty Dollars ( US$ 650.00 ) .
The CBS Sports and Westinghouse Season Kickoff Sweepstakes ends October 25th .
On or about October 26 , 2020 , the Prize drawing will be conducted at random by Administrator , whose decisions are final and binding in all respects .
The potential CBS Sports Sweepstake winner will be notified by email .
Limit of seventeen ( 17 ) new entries per person during the Promotion Period .
There is a daily sweepstakes entry bonus in the app .
UTZ - Standing Mountaineer Fan Sweepstakes
Announcing the UTZ - Standing Mountaineer
Fan free sweepstakes .
One ( 1 ) Lucky Fan Wins !
Winner Receives :
( i) One ( 1 ) Framed Game - worn WVU Mountaineer Jersey ;
( ii ) One ( 1 ) Autographed Football from WVU Head Coach ;
( iii ) One ( 1 ) WVU Mountaineer Gear Prize Pack ; and ,
( iv ) One ( 1 ) Years ’ Worth of Utz Snack Products to Enjoy While Watching Games .
The total ARV of the entire UTZ - Standing Mountaineer Fan Football Sweepstakes promotional package is : one thousand seven hundred dollars ( $ 1,700 US ) .
Intel & XSplit VCam Sweepstakes
The Intel & XSplit VCam Bundle online sweepstakes begins at 12:00 p.m. Pacific Standard Time ( “ PT ” ) on September 21 , 2020 and ends at 11:59 a.m. PT on November 1 , 2020 .
More than one ( 1 ) daily sweepstakes entry from any person per day will void all sweepstakes entries for that person that day .
One ( 1 ) Grand Prize will be awarded .
It consists of a Lenovo IdeaPad Creator 5 laptop + XSplit VCam .
( ARV : $ 1,500 USD ) .
On or about December 1 , 2020 one ( 1 ) potential winner will be selected in a random drawing from among all eligible Entries received during the Intel & XSplit VCam Bundle Sweepstakes Period .
Winner will be notified by email to the email the entrants used to enter the promotion .
Ca$h In Your Pocket Sweepstakes
( 150 prize winners )
The Ca$h In Your Pocket Sweepstakes begins Tuesday , September 15 , 2020 at 12:00:01 a.m. ( midnight ) Eastern Daylight Time ( “ EDT ” ) and ends Thursday , October 15 , 2020 at 11:59:59 p.m. EDT .
The Sweepstake will consist of one ( 1 ) drawing to award one hundred and fifty ( 150 winners ) Prizes .
Fifty ( 50 winners ) First Prizes : Each winner will receive $ 100 .
It will be payable by check in the name of the winner .
ARV $ 100 each .
One - hundred ( 100 ) Second Prizes : Each winner will receive $ 50 .
Prize payable by check in the name of the winner .
ARV $ 50 each .
Total ARV of all prizes in this Ca$h In Your Pocket Sweepstakes is $ 10,000 .
Potential winners will be randomly selected by the Administrator , from all eligible entries received during the Sweepstaking Period on or about Tuesday , October 27 , 2020 .
The Real ’s Straight Talk Wireless Sweepstakes
The entry period for The Real ’s Straight Talk Wireless Online Sweepstakes begins Thursday September 24 , 2020 at 12:01:00 a.m. Eastern Time ( ET ) and ends Thursday , October 8 , 2020 at 11:59:59 p.m. Eastern Time .
Five ( 5 ) Grand Prize Winner Will Receive the Following :
1x Samsung Galaxy S20
1x $ 45 Unlimited Service for 1 Month
Arv of promotion : Approximately $ 1,044
Total Arv of All The Real ’s Straight Talk Wireless Sweepstakes Grand Prizes : Approximately $ 5,220 .
The winner will be notified by Sponsor via phone and email and will be announced on TheReal.com .
If a winner does not accept the Prize and / or fails to return all required documentation and signatures within seventy - two ( 72 ) hours following the date and time the Prize winner is notified by Sponsor , then that Sweepstakes winner will be disqualified and an alternate winner will be selected at Sponsor ’s sole discretion .
The BFGoodrich Floormat KO2TM Tire Giveaway Sweepstakes
The BFGoodrich Floormat KO2TM
Tire Giveaway online sweepstakes begins at 12:00 a.m. Central Time ( “ CT ” ) on August 1 , 2020 and ends at 11:59 p.m. CT on January 31 , 2021 .
The free Sweepstakes Period consists of six ( 6 ) Monthly Entry Periods .
Six ( 6 ) Grand Prizes ( 1 prize per Entry Period ) : A set of KO2TM All Terrain Tires and a $ 300 check , made payable to the winner to be used to help defray any tax liability ( ARV : up to $ 1,300 each ) .
There are two ways to enter the Sweeps .
Purchase a set of BF Goodrich floormats ( “ Eligible Product ” ) at a participating AutoZone store or at AutoZone.com , during the Sweepstake Period , and submit a photo or scan of your AutoZone purchase receipt , showing a qualifying purchase .
AMOE : Enter without a purchase via U.S. Mail ( “ Mailed Entry ” ) : During the Sweepstake Period , hand print your full name , mailing address , phone number , email address and date of birth on a plain piece of paper between 3 ” x5 ” and 8 1⁄2” x11 ” in size and mail in a hand - addressed stamped envelope to : BFGoodrich Floormat KO2TM Tire Giveaway # AZSW1001 , PO Box 130021 , El Paso , TX 88513 .
Intel & Adobe Creative Cloud Free Sweepstakes
The Intel & Adobe Creative Cloud Bundle Sweepstakes begins at 12:00 p.m. Pacific Standard Time ( “ PT ” ) on September 22 , 2020 and ends at 11:59 a.m. PT on November 30 , 2020 .
One ( 1 ) Grand Prize will be awarded .
The Grand Prize consists of a HP ZBook Create PC laptop + Adobe Creative Cloud ( 2 year subscription ) ) .
( ARV : $ 4,500 USD ) .
On or about December 30 , 2020 one ( 1 ) potential winner will be selected in a random drawing from among all eligible Entries received during the daily sweepstake entry period .
The potential winner will be notified by email to the email the entrant used to enter the online sweepstakes .
2020 Polaris ATV Sweepstakes
Polaris ATV
Sweepstakes participants will enter for a chance to win 1 ( one ) Grand Prize .
Grand Prize will be a Polaris® 2021 570 EPS Trail Edition .
( US ARV $ 8,999 ) ( Canada $ 10,999 )
The chances of winning depend on the total number of online entries received .
Polaris Sweepstakes winners will be drawn on or about January 20 , 2021 at 20012 21st Ave. E. , Clearwater , MN at 2:00 p.m. Central Time .
Jackery 8th Anniversary Kickoff Celebration Sweepstakes
( 126 prize winners )
Jackery is turning 8 on November 16 .
To celebrate , Jackery is giving away their Jackery Explorer series products .
Between September 20 , 2020 and October 18 , 2020 ( the " Giveaway Period " ) , visit jackery.com and complete the sweepstaking online entry form .
Each free sweepstakes entry is eligible to win only one prize .
If an entrant has won a prize during any week during the online sweepstakes period , that winner is not eligible to win any other prize .
New winners will be chosen at random every Sunday .
Jackery Sweepstakes Winners will be announced on the Jackery Facebook , Instagram and Twitter page .
2020 Evan Williams Bourbon MLB Sweepstakes
Announcing the 2020 Evan Williams Bourbon MLB online sweepstakes .
The Promotion begins on September 14 , 2020 , at 12:00:00 PM ( noon ) Eastern Standard Time ( “ EST ” ) and ends November 6 , 2020 , at 11:59:59 PM EST .
On or about November 9 , 2020 , one ( 1 ) potential Grand Prize winner will be selected in a random drawing from among all eligible website sweepstakes entries received during the Promotion Period .
One ( 1 ) winner will receive ( a ) round - trip coach class air transportation for Grand Prize winner and three ( 3 ) guests ( “ Guests ” ) between a major commercial airport nearest the winner ’s residence and a major commercial airport nearest the MLB Game location of the Winner ’s choice of either Arizona or Florida ; ( b ) two ( 2 ) nights hotel accommodations ( two [ 2 ] dual - occupancy rooms ) for winner and Guests in a hotel of Sponsor ’s choice ; and ( c ) four ( 4 ) tickets for winner and Guests for one ( 1 ) Sponsor - selected game in Arizona or Florida ( the “ Grand Prize ” ) .
Total ARV of the MLB sweepstakes Grand Prize is $ 4,500 .
Inside Enduro 2020 Bike Giveaway Sweepstakes
Ready to win a Motorcycle ?
Announcing the Inside Enduro 2020 Bike Giveaway Sweepstakes .
Entries will be accepted online starting on August 10 , 2020 12:01 am MT and ending October 01 , 2020 11:59 pm MT .
The sweeps prize winner will receive a 2020 Sherco SE 300 motorcycle .
The approximate retail value ( “ ARV ” ) of the motorcycle free sweepstakes prize is eleven thousand ( USD $ 11,000.00 ) .
Winner will be selected by a random online drawing under the supervision of Inside Enduro LLC .
Motorcycle Sweepstakes winner will be notified by email within five ( 5 ) days following selection of Winner .
Ashley HomeStore You Make it Home Free Sweepstakes
Win Furniture in this new Ashley Homestore sweepstaking promotion .
Enter the Ashley HomeStore You Make it Home online sweepstakes .
One Grand Prize winner will be selected and will win $ 4,000 worth of Ashley HomeStore Furniture Products .
The Ashley HomeStore You Make it Home Sweeps expires on October 6 , 2020 .
For 75 years Ashley has been helping local communities feel like home .
No prurchase is necessary in this online win furniture sweepstakes .
Hallmark Ready , Set , Renovate Sweepstakes
( 31 winners ) Enter the Hallmark Channel ’s Ready , Set , Renovate free sweepstakes .
One ( 1 ) Grand Prize Winner will receive a grand prize ( “ Grand Prize ” ) of $ 50,000 cash intended to be used to renovate the home of the Grand Prize Winner ( issued via check and will be mailed to the Hallmark Sweeps Grand Prize Winner between the following dates : December 15 , 2020 through February 15th , 2021 ( subject to change ) : [ a ]
Hallmark Grand Prize Winner and possibly Guest to have a design video call consultation with Sponsor ’s team of renovation experts on how to spend the $ 50,000 Grand Prize money on kitchen renovation ( “ Video Call Consultation ” ) ; [ b ]
Hallmark Sweepstake Winner and possibly Guest to potentially be featured on - air online Home & Family ( subject to possible video call editing , as noted herein ) as part of an on - air segment ( “ Segment ” ) .
Thirty ( 30 ) Weekly Prizes ( five ( 5 winners ) prizes each week for six ( 6 ) weeks ) : Five ( 5 ) Weekly Prize Winners will receive one ( 1 ) $ 500 prize that shall be issued via check ARV : $ 500.00 .
ARV total : $ 15,000.00 .
The Hallmark Channel ’s Ready , Set , Renovate Sweepstakes ends October 30th .
Fifth Third Bank 53 Yard Drive Free Sweepstakes
Enter the Fifth Third Bank 53 Yard Drive online sweepstakes .
Watch the Browns for your chance to win up to $ 28,000 for debt relief !
For every Browns ' offensive drive of 53 yards or more , Fifth Third will contribute $ 530 to tackle debt relief .
At the end of the season , one lucky winner could win up to $ 28,000 via a random drawing .
One winner will receive a grand prize of up to $ 28,090 , plus up to $ 9,200 , to contribute toward payment of associated federal income taxes ( the “ Prize ” ) .
The total online sweepstakes winner will be determined by the number of 53 yards , or more , offensive drives by the Cleveland Browns offense during the 2020 - 2021 regular NFL season .
Each of these drives , up to a maximum of 53 drives , will add $ 530 to the grand total .
( Example : if the Browns complete 40 offensive drives of at least 53 yards in 2020 , the grand prize will be $ 21,200 ) .
The Fifth Third Bank 53 Yard Drive Sweepstakes expires on January 3 , 2021 .
Planters Nuts Without You Sweepstakes
( 2 winners ) Enter the Planters Nuts Without You free sweepstakes .
Two ( 2 ) winners will be selected on October 20th .
and will win one of two trips : One ( 1 ) Amusement Park Trip Prize : A trip for winner and up to three ( 3 ) guests to winner ’s choice of a Cedar Fair amusement park located in the United States ( each a “ Park ” ) .
Sweepstakes
Trip package includes round trip , coach - class air transportation for four ( 4 ) from a major airport near winner ’s home ( determined by Sponsor in its sole discretion ) ; two ( 2 ) nights ' accommodations at a hotel determined by Sponsor in its sole discretion ( double room , double occupancy or a single room , quad occupancy ) ; one ( 1 ) family 4 - pack of 2021 Cedar Fair Platinum Passes * and $ 1,500.00 spending money .
The ARV of Prize : $ 9,080.00 .
The Planters Nuts Without You Sweepstakes expires on October 19 , 2020 , and has daily entries .
Omaze Jeep Wrangler Rubicon Free Sweepstakes
Omaze website sweepstake winner will receive a 2020 Jeep Wrangler Unlimited Rubicon customized by Deberti and $ 20,000 USD .
Should the Omaze winner not wish to take delivery of the Grand Prize , the Winner may elect to take a cash alternative which is 75 % of the ARV .
The Approximate Retail Value of the Omaze free vehicle prize is $ 120,000 .
This Omaze car online sweepstakes will support Warrior Built .
They seek to honor combat veterans and wounded service members who served our country by providing them with vocational and recreational opportunities .
There is an Omaze free entry method below the donations options as well .
We hope to see some one four wheelin in this new Jeep vehicle prize from Omaze !
This is the infinite sweepstakes winners prize .
Lindeblad The 100th Anniversary Sweepstakes
( 71 winners )
This is a Sweepstaker 's Dream .
Enter the Lindeblad Piano The 100th Anniversary online sweepstakes .
There is one ( 1 ) Grand Prize available to be won .
The promotion includes winner ’s choice of a restored piano from Sponsor ’s inventory up to a value of $ 50,000 ( combined value of prize and restorations ) .
The maximum ARV is $ 50,000 .
The ARV may vary based upon item selected .
The difference between the ARV and actual value of the Grand Prize will not be awarded .
If online sweepstaking winner selects a piano and restorations over the maximum ARV , winner will be responsible for any cost over the maximum ARV .
First Prizes :
There are twenty ( 20 winners ) First Prizes available to be won .
This includes one ( 1 ) $ 50 Amazon egift card .
The ARV of each is : $ 50 .
Second Prizes :
There are fifty ( 50 winners ) Second Prizes available to be won .
Each includes one ( 1 ) $ 20 Amazon egift card .
The ARV of each is : $ 20 .
The total ARV of all new prizes available to be won : $ 52,000 .
The Lindeblad Piano The 100th Anniversary Sweepstakes ends November 30th .
evian The Peak Fitness From Home free Sweepstakes
( 10 winners )
Enter the evian The Peak Fitness From Home online sweepstakes .
To participate using a text - enabled cell phone / device , send a text message with the word “ EVIAN ” to the short code “ 24587 ” .
In this sweepstakes there will be [ 10 winners total – 1 per select retailer ( 6 total ) , and 4 overall from all eligible Entries received ] : A Peloton bike and a check for $ 468 to be used toward a Peloton All - Access Membership ( ARV : $ 2,713 each ) .
The total ARV is $ 27,130 .
Enter the evian The Peak Fitness From Home Sweepstakes .
Mountain Dew : Claim The Outdoors Chase Elliott Sweepstakes
( 10 winners )
Enter the Mountain Dew : Claim The Outdoors Chase Elliott online sweepstakes .
Ten ( 10 ) Grand Prizes , each consisting of a Yeti Hopper Flip Cooler will be awarded .
ARV : $ 199.99 .
Limit one prize per name , email address and / or household .
Potential online winners will be selected in a random drawing from among all eligible entries received throughout the entry period to be held on October 13 , 2020 .
The Mountain Dew : Claim The Outdoors Chase Elliott Sweepstakes ends October 12th .
Black Rifle Coffee Company Ultimate Outdoor Giveaway
AMOE Sweepstakes , Enter the Black Rifle Coffee Company Ultimate Outdoor online giveaway .
One lucky winner will score $ 110,474.97 worth of prizes !
Details : Basscat Sabre FTD - 18 Foot Tournament Ready Bass Boat .
ARV $ 52,225 · 150 hp Pro XS
Engine ( part of boat package ) ARV $ 12,995 · Lews Rods and Reels - 12 rods and reel combos Total ARV $ 1548 · Strike King Lures + Tackle ARV $ 500 · 2020 Toyota Tundra Truck 4X2 Double Cab SR5 5.7L V8 ( 6 Speed Automatic ) ARV $ 38,780 · Hummingbird / Minnkota - 2
Helix 8 inch graphs , Minnkota Fortrex 80lb ARV $ 4,500 and many more free sweepstakes prizes .
Total ARV of this sweepstakes is $ 110,474.97 .
Friends of the Earth is calling via an email campaign on one of the US largest textbook publishers to correct a school book containing a discussion of global warming " so biased and misleading it would humble a tobacco industry PR man . "
" American Government " , 11th edition is published by Houghton Mifflin Harcourt and approved for use in high school Advanced Placement courses in the United States .
On page 559 , the textbook 's authors write that " it is a foolish politician who today opposes environmentalism .
And that creates a problem , because not all environmental issues are equally deserving of support .
Take the case of global warming . (..)
On the one hand , a warmer globe will cause sea levels to rise , threatening coastal communities ; on the other hand , greater warmth will make it easier and cheaper to grow crops and avoid high heating bills . "
( Full )
Whether or not global warming is a proven scientific fact ( see this post ) , I can not imagine what a simplistic mind would even think of putting this in a student 's text book .
EXIT POLLS : The Race Factor in West Virginia
Two - thirds of whites who cite race would not vote for Obama in general election .
May 13 , 2008  --
A confluence of groups inclined toward Hillary Clinton gave her an easy victory in the West Virginia primary , with less - educated , lower - income whites predominating in this Southern state .
In a trouble sign for delegate - leader Barack Obama , barely half said they would vote for him in November if he is the party 's nominee .
The Race Factor
Racially motivated voting ran somewhat higher than elsewhere :
Two in 10 whites said the race of the candidate was a factor in their vote , second only to Mississippi .
Just 31 percent of those voters said they 'd support Obama against presumptive Republican nominee John McCain , fewer than in other primaries where the question 's been asked .
Indeed , as noted , among all West Virginia primary voters , only 49 percent said they would support Obama vs. McCain , far fewer than elsewhere and one of many signs of antipathy toward Obama in the state .
Among Clinton 's supporters , just 38 percent said they would vote for Obama against McCain ; nearly as many said they would back McCain ; and the rest said they would sit it out .
Clinton Receives Criticism , ' Change ' Still Dominates
Still , there was room for some criticism of Clinton .
Even in her broad victory , 58 percent of voters said she had attacked her opponent unfairly ; fewer , 51 percent , said Obama had attacked unfairly .
Notably , among those who said Clinton had attacked unfairly , 57 percent voted for her anyway .
Bringing " needed change , " Obama 's trademark , again was the most - desired candidate trait , picked by 46 percent in West Virginia as most important -- near its level across all primaries to date .
But here Obama only lost those " change " voters to Clinton , 50 - 44 percent , after winning them by a wide margin elsewhere .
Clinton swamped him among voters focused on other attributes .
It also was a state where minds have been made up for some time : Seventy - five percent said they 'd decided on their candidate more than a week ago , in the high end for early deciders this year .
Obama Takes Hit in West Virginia
As noted , there was significant criticism of Obama among the West Virginia electorate .
Half of voters thought that at least to some extent he shares the views of his controversial former pastor , the Rev. Jeremiah Wright ( though fewer , about two in 10 , thought he shares " a lot " of views with Wright ) .
While 74 percent said they would be satisfied with Clinton as the nominee , just 42 percent said they would be satisfied with Obama .
And while seven in 10 said Clinton shares their values , only 43 percent said that about Obama .
Fifty - five percent doubted Obama 's honesty and trustworthiness , an attribute on which he has bettered Clinton elsewhere .
In the five previous primaries where the question has been asked , 66 percent called Obama honest , compared with 55 percent who said that of Clinton .
In West Virginia , 64 percent called Clinton honest , while only 43 percent said that about Obama .
Even among voters in West Virginia who said Clinton is not honest and trustworthy , just over a third ( 35 percent ) voted for her anyway -- her best performance in this group to date , up from about a quarter of such voters in previous races .
Ninety - six percent of voters were whites , just 29 percent were college graduates -- the fewest in any primary this year -- and 55 percent had household incomes under $ 50,000 , among the most in primaries to date .
Working - class whites have been among Clinton 's best groups ; she has won less - educated white voters , for example , by a 2 - 1 margin in previous primaries to date .
Clinton won all West Virginia whites by a wide margin , 69 - 23 percent , but not a bigger one than she has seen in some previous primaries , particularly Southern ones .
She won whites by 79 - 16 percent in Arkansas , 72 - 25 percent in Alabama , 70 - 26 percent in Mississippi and 67 - 26 percent in Tennessee .
( She also won whites by a like margin , 66 - 31 percent , in New Jersey . )
Clinton 's husband may have helped : Sixty - two percent said his campaigning in the state was at least somewhat important in their vote , and they favored her over Obama by a 80 - 15 percent margin .
However , the large number of early deciders make that look more like a general pro-Clinton comment than a true measure of vote influence .
In North Carolina , Pennsylvania and Indiana , the other Democratic primaries in which Obama - McCain matchups have been asked , 74 , 73 and 71 percent , respectively , said they would support Obama as the nominee ; as noted , just under half said so in West Virginia .
Similarly , among Clinton supporters in those states , 47 , 54 and 49 percent said they 'd back Obama as the nominee , compared with 38 percent here .
Pain at the Pump Resonates at the Polls
Finally , West Virginia voters by 64 - 33 percent favored the idea of suspending the federal gasoline tax , an idea backed by Clinton and opposed by Obama .
In a national ABC News / Washington Post poll this week , Americans divided evenly on the proposal ; among Democrats , most Clinton supporters favored it , while most Obama supporters were opposed .
The helicopter on the roof of the multi-storey car park
IT WOULD never happen in the movies ... just as the helicopter pilot attempts to bring his craft into land , out rushes a car park attendant , frantically trying to wave him away .
But that 's what happened in the central shopping area of Athlone Town when a gung - ho pilot decided to take an unorthodox route to collect his newly cut keys and landed on the roof of an adjacent multi-storey car park on July 8 , 2007 .
The 48 - year - old pilot has been criticised for " poor airmanship " and for having broken Irish air law .
The attendant injured his hand when the downwash from the helicopter 's main rotor caused a door to slam against it and the single - engine craft should not have been put down in a congested area because of the danger of engine failure , the pilot was told .
Review
The Irish Aviation Authority said last night that it was reviewing the incident and the pilot may face sanction in the future .
However , he has not faced any repercussions for his actions to date .
" In landing at such a site the pilot displayed poor airmanship , " concluded air accident investigator Paddy Judge in his report .
Despite repeated requests , both by phone and letter , the pilot did not complete and return an air accident report on the incident .
The Air Accident Investigation Report says the pilot , who was accompanied by his brother in the single - engine Hughes 369HS helicopter , was getting some keys cut for the door of his aircraft at the Texas Department Store .
" He landed on the roof of the adjacent multi-storey car park .
It is unclear to the investigation where the helicopter could have been safely force - landed in the event of an engine failure during landing or take - off .
" It is also probable that the approach was made over the unstressed roof of the shopping centre due to the location of the church to the north of the landing site , " the report said .
" The shopping centre was open for business at the time , and for obvious safety reasons , the area should have been completely avoided . "
Mr Judge described the landing site as being in a congested area and " furthermore , and importantly , it is an elevated site where Rescue and Fire Fighting Services are mandatory .
Neither was available " .
The report says the pilot 's US licence was issued in March 2007 , just four months before the incident .
" The pilot stated that he has about 150 hours helicopter flying experience , but was unable to supply a logbook , which he stated was lost in a subsequent accident . "
In evidence , the car park attendant said that as the helicopter approached for landing he attempted to wave it away .
" The helicopter pilot ignored him and he had to duck into the doorway ... as space on the roof is restricted .
The downwash from the main rotor caused the door to slam back against him hitting his hand . "
Words were exchanged between the attendant and the pilot after the landing .
The gardai were called , but by the time they arrived the helicopter had left .
The attendant said the helicopter had landed on the roof some months previously and his supervisor told him afterwards that this was not allowed
The pilot said he had landed there before accompanied by the owner of the shopping centre who had given him permission to land on the car park roof .
That day , he rang the duty manager of the shopping centre before taking off to confirm that he had permission to land .
He was unaware that the duty manager no longer had authority to grant him permission to land .
The pilot said the car park attendant was not on the roof while he was landing and only approached the helicopter on engine shutdown .
He said that the attendant could not have given signals , as he was not present until after landing .
Testing
Almost every codebase can use more automated testing , but it seems that no one has the …
Torture protests at UC law school ceremonies UC BERKELEY Law Professor
Yoo 's resignation sought by demonstrators
Boalt Law School graduates walk past anti-war protesters dressed as Guantanamo prisoners before graduation ceremonies in front of the Greek Theatre at UC Berkeley on Saturday , May 17 , 2008 .
The demonstraters were denouncing law school professor John Yoo 's participation in President Bush 's terror policies .
Photo by Paul Chinn / San Francisco
Chronicle less Boalt Law School graduates walk past anti-war protesters dressed as Guantanamo prisoners before graduation ceremonies in front of the Greek Theatre at UC Berkeley on Saturday , May 17 , 2008 .
The demonstraters ... more Photo : Paul Chinn Photo : Paul Chinn Image 1 of / 14 Caption Close Torture protests at UC law school ceremonies 1 / 14 Back to Gallery
Some 50 protesters , clad in orange jumpsuits and black hoods to emulate the infamous photos of prisoners in Iraq , picketed UC Berkeley 's law school graduation ceremony Saturday , demanding that the university fire Professor John Yoo for his authorship of the Bush administration 's policies on torture .
" We want to see him fired and disbarred for being a war criminal , " said Anne Weills , an Oakland attorney who said she was with the National Lawyers Guild , one of the groups that protested .
" Academic freedom stops when you intend to harm or injure somebody . "
Yoo , a tenured constitutional law professor at Boalt Hall , took a leave of absence from 2001 to 2003 to work for the U.S. Department of Justice .
During that time , he wrote what critics call the " torture memos , " which protesters say outlined the legal basis for the use of torture at the Abu Ghraib ( Iraq ) and Guantanamo Bay ( Cuba ) military prisons .
Boalt Hall officials said earlier last week that Yoo would not attend Saturday 's graduation ceremony .
Graduates and their families and friends generally were supportive of the protest , held outside UC Berkeley 's Greek Theatre , but they were also supportive of Yoo 's right to teach at the law school .
" He definitely should be prosecuted , but he deserves his day in court like anyone else , " said Reem Salahi of Los Angeles , who graduated from the law school Saturday .
" Some people think this protest takes away from a celebratory event , but I think it 's a good opportunity to raise this issue . "
William Upshaw of Oakland , who was at the event to see his wife graduate , was unhappy with the hoopla outside the theater .
" It 's interesting , but unexpected , " he said as he filed past the protest , carrying a bouquet for his wife , " and , actually , I do n't think it 's appropriate . "
Protesters toted signs and handed out leaflets .
Two protesters knelt in a cage meant to resemble a prison cell .
Standing guard at the cage was Mary Erwin of Oakland , who was dressed in camouflage fatigues and brandished a cardboard replica of an automatic rifle .
" I'm here because it 's a good opportunity to pressure the government on this issue , " she said .
" It feels good to be out here talking about it .
Most people are saying ' thank you . ' "
Airborne demonstration
After the ceremony , protesters and graduation attendees exchanged a few barbs as graduates , their friends and family gathered for a reception outside Boalt Hall .
Some criticized the noise from a plane that circled the Greek Theatre for part of the ceremony , pulling a banner blasting Yoo .
Yoo is not likely to be fired for his political views , Boalt Dean Christopher Edley Jr. , wrote in a memo last month .
The memo was posted on the Boalt Hall Web site .
While many of his colleagues and students are disturbed by Yoo 's opinions , Yoo is protected by the First Amendment and campus policies on academic freedom , Edley wrote .
" My sense is that the vast majority of legal academics with a view of the matter disagree with substantial portions of Professor Yoo 's analyses , including a great many of his colleagues at Berkeley , " Edley wrote .
" If , however , this strong consensus were enough to fire or sanction someone , then academic freedom would be meaningless . "
Yoo and former Attorney General John Ashcroft agreed last week to appear before the House Judiciary Subcommittee on the Constitution , Civil Rights and Civil Liberties regarding CIA interrogation techniques .
Legal basis for torture
Yoo drafted an August 2002 memo , signed by his boss , former Assistant Attorney General Jay Bybee , providing the legal basis to justify torture in interrogating terrorism suspects .
Among other things ,
Yoo argued that habeas corpus and other legal protections do n't apply to CIA detainees because Guantanamo Bay and Abu Ghraib are not on U.S. soil .
Yoo 's torture memo was later rescinded by the Department of Justice and , in 2004 and 2006 , in two lawsuits challenging the legality of the torture policy , the U.S. Supreme Court voided many of Yoo 's arguments .
Yoo could not be reached for comment Saturday , but he has defended his positions in several newspaper opinion articles .
" In wartime ... attacking members of the enemy is not considered assassination or murder , " he wrote in a Chronicle essay in September 2005 .
" Killing the enemy is legal in war . "
He 's also said he 's unfazed by protests .
" I'm a conservative professor , so I 'm used to people objecting to my views , " Yoo said in a 2004 interview with The Chronicle .
We ’ve upgraded several Rails 2.0 application to Rails 2.1 now , and we ’ve compiled a list of little things to keep in mind as you upgrade .
Hopefully this list will help you avoid banging your head against a wall .
The updated_at and updated_on columns are NOT automatically updated on a #save on an AR object in Rails 2.1 , unless another column has also changed .
In each of the cases where we were relying on this behavior , we were using it to detect in a general way that something had changed with the model ( without introducing a dependency on acts_as_modified ) .
Because Rails 2.1 has dirty attribute checking , these methods were able to be refactored using this new functionality .
Older versions of will_paginate are broken on 2.1 ( stack level too deep errors ) , to resolve , install the latest version of will_paginate like this :
sudo gem install mislav- will_paginate -s http://gems.github.com
Then put require will_paginate in an initializer or in environment.rb ( you need to have added vendor / gems to load path already to do that ) .
This newer will_paginate has changed the #page_count method to be #total_pages instead , so you ’ll have to keep that in mind .
Which means , some of the will_paginate view helpers changed as well – if you ’ve monkey patched them ( you have n’t unless you ’re me ! ) look for changes there too !
Finally , Squirrel ’s WillPagination module provides a # page_count method .
To get a #total_pages from squirrel results , we temporarily monkey patched Squirrel by adding a lib / extensions / squirrel.rb which was just …
module Squirrel module WillPagination alias_method : total_pages , : page_count end end
We ’ll need to update Squirrel soon to have this built in so that its compatible with the latest version of will_paginate .
Make sure you ’ve upgraded Shoulda if you get errors about not being able to find fixture methods and / or assert , especially if these errors appear in setup blocks .
Unfortunately , haml is n’t Rails 2.1 compatible .
To fix this , upgrade to haml - 2.0 .
If you have the following hack in your mailer , just remove it .
Rails 2.1 does it for you :
def reply_to ( str ) @headers [ " Reply - To " ] = str end
ActiveRecord : : Base # attributes does not allow filtering anymore ( it does not accept : only , for example ) .
You must do the filtering manually , with something like this :
def json_attributes_for( model , * attrs ) attrs = [ attrs ].flatten.map(&:to_s ) model.attributes.delete_if{|k , v| !attrs.include ?( k ) }.to_json end
Called like so : json_attributes_for( page , :id , : keyword )
Now in Rails 2.1 , if you both foo.rhtml and foo.rxml exist and you are n’t explicitly specifying one or the other , Rails will render with foo.rxml .
Renaming foo.rhtml to foo.html.erb fixes this , but in Rails 2.0 , this was ok .
In order to deal with the 1+n query problem , Active Record has changed how it does eager loading .
Now , it will optimize out : includes on finders when they are not being used .
When they are not being used is the key here .
Active Record is supposed to noticed when there are additional conditions on the find that rely on the included table , and not leave it out .
However , on an association like this :
has_many :active_sites , : through => : clients , : source => : sites , :include => : domains , :conditions => ' domains.id IS NOT NULL '
Active Record leave out the domains table , even though it should n’t .
We fixed this by changing active_sites to just a normal method , as the bug does n’t seem to happen in find , like this :
def active_sites sites .
find :all , : include => [ : domains ] , : conditions => ' domains.id IS NOT NULL ' end
has_finder has been integrated into Rails 2.1 as named_scope , so you do n’t need it anymore .
However , you also should n’t keep it around .
For example , has_finder - 1.0.5 was giving us stack trace too deep exceptions when traversing a has_many : through association .
Removing it in favor of named_scope fixed that issue .
Those are the things that we ’ve found that we feel might be helpful to other people out there .
For the most part , upgrading to Rails 2.1 is a a straightforward process , and we ’re quickly upgrading most of our apps .
Have you upgraded to 2.1 and run into anything that other people might hit ?
If so , feel free to add your gotchas to the comments .
I 've written a few shell scripts in my time and have read many more , and I see the same issues cropping up again and again ( unfortunately even in my own scripts sometimes ) .
While there are lots of shell programming pitfalls , at least the interpreter will tell you immediately about them .
The mistakes I describe below , generally mean that your script will run fine now , but if the data changes or you move your script to another system , then you may have problems .
I think some of the reason shell scripts tend to have lots of issues is that commonly one does n't learn shell scripting like " traditional " programming languages .
Instead scripts tend to evolve from existing interactive command line use , or are based on existing scripts which themselves have propagated the limitations of ancient shell script interpreters .
It 's definitely worth spending the relatively small amount of time required to learn the shell script language correctly , if one uses linux / BSD / Mac OS X desktops or servers , where it is commonly used .
Inappropriate use
Stylistic issues
[ " $var " = " find " ] && echo " found "
if [ " $var " = " find " ] ; then echo " found " fi
[ " $var " ] && cmd1 && cmd2 && last
[ x " $var " = x " find " ] && echo found
[ ! -z " $var " ] && echo " var not empty "
[ " $var " ] && echo " var not empty "
[ " $var " ] || var = " value "
: $ {var= " value "}
: $ {var : =" value "}
[ " $var " ] && var = " foo - $ var " || var = " foo "
variant=bar var= " foo$ {variant :+- }$ variant "
redundant use of $ ?
pidof program if [ $ ? = 1 ] ; then echo " program not found " fi
if ! pidof program ; then echo " program not found " fi if grep - qF " string " file ; then echo ' file contains " string " ' fi
grep -q ' regex ' FILE ; local st=$ ? if [ $ st = 1 ] ; then echo no -match fi
needless shell logic
[ ! -d " $ dir " ] && mkdir " $ dir " [ -f " $ file " ] && rm " $ file "
mkdir -p " $ dir " #also creates a hierarchy for you rm -f " $ file " #also never prompts
Robustness
globbing
for file in `ls * ` ; do wc -l $ file done
for file in * ; do wc - l -- " $ file " done
quoting
Double - quote all variable references and command substitutions unless you are certain they can only contain alphanumeric characters or you have specially prepared things ( i.e. , use " $ variable " instead of $ variable ) .
In particular , you should practically always put $ @ inside double - quotes ; POSIX defines this to be special ( it expands into the positional parameters as separate fields even though it is inside double - quotes ) .
Set IFS to just newline and tab , if you can , to reduce the risk of mishandling filenames with spaces .
Use newline or tab to separate options stored in a single variable .
Set IFS with IFS= " $( printf '
\t ' ) "
Prefix all pathname globs so they cannot expand to begin with “ - ” .
In particular , never start a glob with “ ? ” or “ * ” ( such as “ *.pdf ” ) ; always prepend globs with something ( like “ ./ ” ) that can not expand to a dash .
So never use a pattern like “ *.pdf ” ; use “./*. pdf ” instead .
Check if a pathname begins with “ - ” when accepting pathnames , and then prepend “./ ” if it does .
Be careful about displaying or storing pathnames , since they can include newlines , tabs , terminal control escape sequences , non-UTF - 8 characters ( or characters not in your locale ) , and so on .
You can strip out control characters and non-UTF - 8 characters before display using printf ' % s ' " $ file " | LC_ALL=POSIX tr -d ' [ : cntrl : ] ' | iconv - cs -f UTF - 8 -t UTF - 8
Do not depend on always using “ - - ” between options and pathnames as the primary countermeasure against filenames beginning with “ - ” .
You have to do it with every command for this to work , but people will not use it consistently ( they never have ) , and many programs ( including echo ) do not support “ - - ” .
Feel free to use “ - -” between options and pathnames , but only as an additional optional protective measure .
Use a template that is known to work correctly ( see paper ) .
Use a tool like shellcheck to find problems you missed .
stopping automatically on error
set -e
cleaning up temp files
#!/bin/sh tf=/tmp/tf.$$ cleanup ( ) { rm -f $ tf } trap " cleanup " EXIT touch $ tf echo " $ tf created " sleep 10 # Can Ctrl - C and temp file will still be removed #temp file auto removed on exit
echoing errors
echo " Error occurred "
echo " Error occurred " > &2
echo " \ Usage : $ ( basename $ 0 ) option1 more info even more " > &2
Portability
shell is the maindesigned to manipulate the UNIX abstractions for data and logic , i.e. files and processes .
So as well as being useful at the command line , its use permeates any UNIX system .
Correspondingly , please be wary of writing scripts that deviate from these abstractions , and have significant data manipulation in the shell process itself .
While flexible , shell is not designed as a general purpose language and becomes unwieldly when not leveraging the various UNIX tools effectively .
A good knowlegde of the various UNIX tools goes hand in hand with effective shell programming .
First I 'll mention some ways to clean up shell scripts without changing their functionality .
Note I use a shortcut form of the conditional operator below ( and in my shell scripts ) , when doingconditional operations , as it's much more concise .
So I useinstead of the equivalent :
It 's better to use the longerform though , if running multiple commands based on the condition , because if you use `set - e` in your script to exit immediately upon unexpected command failure , then usingwould only exit iffails .
The use of x " $var " was required in case var is " " or " - hyphen " .
Thinking about this for a moment should indicate that the shell can handle both of these cases unambiguously , and if it does n't it 's a bug .
This bug was probably fixed about 20 years ago , so stop propagating this nonsense please !
Shell does n't have the cleanest syntax to start with , so polluting it with stuff like this is horrible .
This is a double negative , and is very prevalent in shell scripts for some reason .
Just test the string directly likeSetting a variable iff it's not previously set is a common idiom and can be more succinctly expressed like .
Note if you want to set a variable if it's empty or unset useThese are portable to the vast majority of shells .
Similarly to the previous case where we avoid explicit conditionals in shell logic , one can leverage conditional shell parameter expansion to handle the very common requirement of building up variant file names etc. like :
For example : Note this is not just stylistic actually .
Consider what happens if `pidof` returns 2 .
Instead just test the exit status of the process directly as in these examples :
Be careful though when checking negative returns , as you generally get a negative return for any failure , like I / O error etc .
For example if using grep to check there ismatch , then using $ ? is not redundant :
We 'll expand on this below , but we should do as little in shell as possible , over its domain of connecting process to files .
For example the following common shell idiom of testing for files and directories can often be pushed into the programs themselves .
I.E. instead of : do : Note also Google 's shell style guide which as per other google style guides has very sensible advice .
Aaron Maxwell wrote up a good summary of settings and consequences for an unofficial strict mode forwhich is worth considering for your bash scripts at least .
Here I discuss more general techniques appropriate for most shell scripts .
In the example below to count the lines in each file , there is a common mistake .
Perhaps the idiom above stems from a common system where the shell does not do globbing , but in any case it 's neither scalable or robust .
It 's not robust because it does n't handle spaces in file names as word splitting is done .
Also it redundantly starts an ls process to list the files .
Also on some systems this form can overflow static command line buffers when there are many files .
Shell script is a language designed to operate on files so it has this functionality built in !
Notice how we just use the '*' directly which as well as not starting the redundant `ls` process , does n't do word splitting on file names containing spaces .
Also notice the added '--' option , to indicate to wc to stop option processing and thus be immune to file names starting with ' - ' .
Note this still is slow , as we use shell looping and start a `wc` process per file , so we 'll come back to this example in the performance section below .
Shell quoting is a complicated area whose subtleties are often overlooked , and this is compounded when combined with the fact that file names can contain almost any character .
The following quoting guidelines come from David A. Wheeler 's excellent article on Filenames and Pathnames in Shell , which is worth reading in its entirety : Related to this is recently POSIX added support for $ '...' quoting format to easily and unambiguously specify any string , and the GNU ls ( 1 ) command since coreutils v8.25 takes advantage of that to display file names in an unambiguous and safe to paste back manner .
Consider for example if a bad actor placed a file calledin / tmp for example , and naïvely one tried to remove it by pasting ( as output by older ls commands ) to an rm command in the same terminal session , in which case it would remove all home directories .
With newer GNU ls , the file name is always quoted so that it can be safely pasted back to other commands , which is useful to avoid malicious file names or just problematic file names that can not be referenced without appropriate quoting .
Often do n't want a script to proceed if some commands fail .
Checking the status of each command though can become very messy and error prone .
One can instead executeat the top of the script , which usually just works as expected , terminating the script when any command fails ( that is not already part of a conditional etc . ) .
One should always try to avoid temp files for performance / maintainability reasons , and instead use pipes if at all possible to pass data between processes .
Temporary files can be slow as they 're usually written to disk , and also you must handle cleaning them up when your script exits , possibly in unexpected ways .
The general method for cleaning up temp files if you really do need them is to use traps as follows :
If you justthen you will not be able to pipe or redirect any normal output from your script independently .
It 's much more standard and maintainable to output errors to stderr like .
Note you can echo multiple lines together as in the following example :
There are two aspects to portability really for shell scripts .
There 's the shell language itself , and also the various tools being called by the script .
We 'll just consider the former here .
To support really old implementations of shell script then one can test with the heirloom shell for example , but for a contemporary list of portable shell capabilities , see the The Open Group spec which describes the POSIX standard .
Note also the Autoconf info on shell portability which lists details you need to consider when writingportable shell scripts , and the ubuntu dash conversion info
It 's much better to test scripts directly in a POSIX compliant shell if possible .
The `bash -- posix` option does n't suffice as it still accepts some " bashisms " , but the `dash` shell which is the default interpreter of shell scripts on ubuntu is very good in this regard .
One should be testing with this shell anyway due to the popularity of ubuntu , and dash is easy to install on Fedora for example .
bashisms
[ " $var " == " find " ] && echo " found "
echo {not , portable}
signal specifications
echo $ ( seq 15 ) $ ( ( 0x10 ) )
echo -- help
Performance
$ time dash -c ' for i in * ; do wc - l -- " $i " >/dev/null ; done ' real 0m14.440s user 0m3.753s sys 0m10.329s $ time bash - c ' for i in * ; do wc - l -- " $i " >/dev/null ; done ' real 0m24.251s user 0m8.660s sys 0m14.871s
$ time bash - c ' for i in * ; do echo " $i " >/dev/null ; done ' real 0m1.715s user 0m1.459s sys 0m0.252s $ time dash -c ' for i in * ; do echo " $i " >/dev/null ; done ' real 0m0.375s user 0m0.169s sys 0m0.203s
$ time find - type f - print0 | wc - l -- files0 - from = - | tail -n1 30000 total real 0m0.299s user 0m0.072s sys 0m0.221s
disk seeks
[ -e FOO -o -e BAR ]
[ -e FOO || -e BAR ]
[ -e FOO ] || [ -e BAR ]
© May 13 2008
`bash` is the most common interactive shell used on unix systems , and consequently , syntax specific to `bash` is often used in shell scripts .
Note I 've never needed to resort to bash specific constructs in my scripts .
If you find yourself doing complex string manipulations or loops in bash , then you should probably be considering existing UNIX tools instead , or a more general scripting language like python for example .
Shell script can't assign variable values in conditional constructs so the double equals is redundant .
Moreover it gives a syntax error on older busybox ( ash ) and dash at least , so avoid it .
Brace expansion is not portable .
While useful it 's mostly so at the interactive prompt , and can easily be worked around in scripts .
Be wary of when specifying signals to the trap builtin for example , which was mentioned above .
I was even caught out by this in my timeout script .
That script handles the " CHLD " signal which for bash at least can be specified as " sigchld " , " SIGCHLD " , " chld " , " 17 " or " CHLD " , only the last of which is portable .
The command above containing both $ ( command substitution ) and an $ ( ( arithmetic expression ) ) portable .
Traditionally one did command substitution using backquotes like `seq 15` .
That 's awkward to nest though and not very readable in the presence of other quoting .
$ ( ( arithmetic expressions ) ) can be handy also for quick calculations , rather than spawning off `bc` or `expr` for example .
Note bash supports the non portable form of $ [ 1+1 ] for arithmetic expressions which you should avoid .
Note also that vim 7.1.135 at least , highlights $ ( ) as a syntax error unless #!/ bin/ bash it at the top of the script —
I must send a patch .
[ June 2008 : Strangely it looks like vim explicitly chooses to highlight #!/ bin/sh scripts as original bourne shell scripts rather than to the POSIX standard which the vast majority of systems currently use .
I 've asked for this to be changed , but in the meantime you can add " let g:is_posix = 1 " to your .vimrc March 2011 : I 've used echo in all the examples above for convenience , but one should be wary about using it , especially if you pass variable parameters .
`echo` implementations vary on how they handle escaped characters and options , so one really should use `` instead , as it has a more standard implementation across systems . ]
We 'll expand here on our globbing example above to illustrate some performance characteristics of the shell script interpreter .
Comparing the `bash` and `dash` interpreters for this example where a process is spawned for each of 30,000 files , shows that dash can fork the `wc` processes nearly twice as fast as `bash`Comparing the base looping speed by not invoking the `wc` processes , shows that dash 's looping is nearly 6 times faster !
The looping is still relatively slow in either shell as demonstrated previously , so for scalability we should try and use more functional techniques so iteration is performed in compiled processes .
The above is by far the most efficient solution and illustrates the point well that one should do as little as possible in shell script and aim just to use it to connect the existing logic available in the rich set of utilities available on a UNIX system .
It 's worth giving special mention to this since disk seeks are so expensive , and since shell script is designed to deal with files which commonly reside on disks .
If you check for the presence of 2 files for example with , then the check is n't short circuited and 2 disk seeks are performed .
The bash specific format ofdoes short circuit the second test , however it 's better to use theconditional format which is both portable and efficient .
Traditionally this last example would have used 2 processes , one for each of the ' [ ' .
But modern shells implement ' [ ' internally , so there is no such overhead .
For about a month now browser developers have been eyeing the new Acid3 test to see how they can push to meet the standards it tests for .
Shortly after the test was released we took a look at how the browsers stacked up to each other , but none of them passed the test .
Then just last week both Opera and Safari released test builds that demonstrate their compliance .
What about Firefox ?
Mozilla co-founder Mike Shaver wrote about his thoughts on Ian Hixie ’s Acid3 test , and I think it ’s safe to say that he ’s not overly fond of it :
Ian ’s Acid 3 , unlike its predecessors , is not about establishing a baseline of useful web capabilities .
It ’s quite explicitly about making browser developers jump —
Ian specifically sought out tests that were broken in WebKit , Opera , and Gecko , perhaps out of a twisted attempt at fairness .
But the Acid tests should n’t be fair to browsers , they should be fair to the web ; they should be based on how good the web will be as a platform if all browsers conform , not about how far any given browser has to stretch to get there .
Mike then went on to say how they wo n’t be getting support for the Acid3 test into the Firefox 3 browser , which is completely understandable .
It ’s very unlikely that Opera and Internet Explorer will be adding support Acid3 for their next major milestone releases either .
And Safari just released a new version of their browser , and so their next milestone wo n’t exactly be soon .
It ’s obvious that the browser developers need time to test the necessary changes , and I do n’t think anyone will criticize them for that .
Ian Hixie , one of the developers of the Acid 3 test , responded to Mike in the comments of his post .
Here ’s a snippet of what he had to say :
I would love to have tested innerHTML and setTimeout and all kinds of stuff like that , but sadly there is no spec for those yet ( other than the very much in - progress HTML5 drafts ) .
We ca n’t write Acid tests for things that we do n’t have a spec for .
I ’ve been working my ass off for the past few years to write a spec for these things .
Hopefully by , say , Acid5 , we ’ll be able to write an Acid test for them .
With Acid2 , the original “ first cut ” failed a lot in IE , Mozilla , and Safari , but actually did pretty well in Opera .
We ( Håkon and I ) then went on a hunt for Opera bugs and made Opera fare much worse on the test .
With Acid3 , IE and Opera ended up doing really badly on the first cut , and Firefox and Safari did well , so we added some more things that failed in Firefox and Safari .
( Then we added even more stuff that failed in Safari , because they kept fixing the damn bugs as I was adding them to the test . )
Of course you would n’t want a bunch of the browsers to pass the test immediately after it is released because it would n’t really be doing any good .
What are your thoughts about this ?
[ via ZDNet ]
Thanks to “ Change ” for the tip !
Organhandel in China Das Geschäft mit den Hingerichteten
Es ist ein blutiges Geschäft : In China floriert einem Zeitungsbericht zufolge das Geschäft mit den Organen hingerichteter Gefangener .
Käufer sind meist ebenso kranke wie wohlhabende Japaner .
Gewissensbisse haben die wenigsten von ihnen .
