Once again , a bonus at Goldman Sachs has all of Wall Street talking  only this time , over how small it is .
After weeks of intense speculation , Goldman Sachs disclosed late Friday that its chief executive , Lloyd C. Blankfein , would receive an annual bonus valued at $ 9 million , a figure that , to the surprise of many , put him in the middle of the pay scale for the nation ’s banking chiefs .
While most people can only dream of such a reward , the news was widely seen on Wall Street as a show of restraint and a nod to the uproar in Washington and elsewhere over resurgent pay and profits at banks like Goldman .
Indeed , the award represents a fraction of the record $ 68 million bonus that Mr. Blankfein received in 2007 , when Goldman made less money than it did last year .
In 2008 , in the midst of the financial collapse , he collected no bonus .
Mr. Blankfein received no cash bonus .
The award is entirely in the form of deferred stock , which he can not sell for five years .
New York 's Times Square may be getting a new tenant : a seven - story aquarium .
Jerry Shefsky , a Toronto - based developer , said on Wednesday that he has signed a preliminary agreement with the landlord of an office tower on the western edge of Times Square to go forward with the $ 100 million project .
He would install tanks featuring sharks , rays , penguins , otters , and other animals in the bottom floors of the 40 - story building , known as 11 Times Square , hoping to attract some of the 35 million people who pass through Manhattan 's major crossroads every year .
Mr. Shefsky , 76 years old , has built aquariums and shopping centers around the world .
He cautioned in an interview that the lease agreement for 11 Times Square is n't yet final .
But he said he may start building out the space as early as this April with the hope of opening the aquarium in September 2011 .
A deal with Mr. Shefsky would be a long - awaited bit of good news for the developer of 11 Times Square , SJP Properties Inc. , and its major financial backer , a real - estate fund managed by Prudential Financial Inc. SJP , led by New Jersey developer Steven Pozycki , broke ground on the tower in 2007 without having first secured a tenant , hoping that the hot Manhattan office market would bring sky - high rents as the building neared completion .
But the market turned — New York City office rents plummeted 20 % in 2009 , according to Reis Inc. — and SJP 's empty tower on the corner of 42nd Street and 8th Avenue has become a symbol of commercial - property woes .
SJP is also negotiating to lease 400,000 square feet in the building to law firm Proskauer Rose LLP , said a person familiar with the matter .
The building is slated to be completed in the next few months .
In 301 AD , the Roman emperor Diocletian imposed price controls on most commodities and professions in the empire .
The penalty for raising prices was death .
Yet the controls failed utterly , leading to shortages , more inflation and the near collapse of the imperial economy .
Now , nearly two millennia later , President Obama seems determined to demonstrate how little we ’ve learned .
Yesterday , the president proposed giving the federal government the power to regulate insurance premiums .
Undoubtedly , this will be politically popular — at least , in the short term .
Insurance companies are n’t exactly America ’s most loveable industry .
Recent premium hikes will result in real hardship for many Americans .
There is , of course , a certain arrogance in the assumption that Obama , Nancy Pelosi and a bevy of government bureaucrats know exactly what something should cost .
No doubt , as soon as they finish setting insurance prices , they ’ll move on to negotiating Tracy McGrady ’s contract renewal .
But more important , attempts to control prices by government fiat ignore basic economic laws — and the result could be disastrous for the American health - care system .
Most people think of prices and costs as the same thing , but from an economic perspective , they are n’t .
Prices are what people pay to receive a good or service .
Costs are what it takes to produce the goods and services .
In this case , limiting the prices that insurers can charge does nothing about the underlying costs of health care .
Insurers unable to charge more for an increasingly expensive product can be expected to trim costs in one of two ways :
* They can drop their most expensive customers — in this case , the sickest , who consume the most health care .
Many companies are already doing this , a major source of dissatisfaction with the health - care system .
In fact , the president wants to prohibit companies from doing this .
* They can cut back on their reimbursement rates to hospitals and physicians .
But neither doctors nor hospitals , any more than insurance companies , are willing to operate at a loss .
If payments fall below their costs , they ’ll simply stop taking patients .
One only has to look at government programs like Medicare and Medicaid to see how this works .
Medicare already reimburses at roughly 80 cents on every dollar of actual costs .
Medicaid pays even less .
As a result , more than a third of physicians have closed their practices to Medicaid patients ; 12 percent no longer accept Medicare patients .
If private insurers begin similarly to cut back their reimbursements , some hospitals may go out of business , and some doctors may close their practices .
Retirement in Florida may begin to look a lot better than another snowy New York winter .
Others will stop accepting insurance or set up “ concierge ” practices in which they see only a small number of privately paying patients .
Thus , price controls on insurers will ultimately lead to rationing — the lack of available health - care goods and services .
If the president does n’t want to learn from history , he can look to the experience of other countries .
Canada and Britain impose global budgets and strict limits on health - care prices .
As a result , more than 750,000 Britons are waiting for admission to hospitals .
Every year , British physicians cancel almost 50,000 surgeries because patients on the waiting list become too sick for the operations to proceed .
In Canada , almost 800,000 people are on the waiting list for care .
And , according to the Canadian Supreme Court , many are in chronic pain and some will die while waiting for treatment .
If Obama were really interested in making insurance more affordable , rather than just scoring political points , there are many things he could do .
For example , he might try to create some genuine competition in the insurance market by allowing people to buy insurance from outside of the state in which they reside .
Insurance companies in New York or New Jersey could be made to compete with all 1,300 insurance companies nationwide ( including some 500 nonprofit insurers ) .
That ’s the kind of competition that holds down prices for other goods and services .
Or Obama could try to tackle underlying health - care costs , by repealing government regulations that add as much as much as $ 169 billion a year to the cost of care , according to Christopher Conover of Duke University .
Instead , the president has chosen the economic equivalent of throwing some insurance executives to the lions in the Colosseum .
As health - care reform , it would be about as effective .
Diocletian would be proud .
Michael Tanner is a senior fellow at the Cato Institute .
Primera clase de computación de cuarto grado .
Profesor pide : un pendrive de mínimo 4 gb. + 1 cuaderno
Alumno pregunta : Este año … QUE nos va a enseñar ?
Profesor responde : computación .
Alumno dice : con Linux o con Software Trucho ?
Profesor dice : con Windows
Alumno dice : trucho ?
o lo compraron ?
Clase siguiente : el profesor trata de hacerse el oso , y el niño vuelve a la carga : – Y? averiguó ?
Profesor : vamos a usar Windows y no están las licencias .
Niño : ok .
le digo a mi mamá que fotocopie los libros , que no los compre y uds .
saquen del sitio : ENSEÑANZA basada en VALORES porque nos estan vendiendo pescado podrido .
Mentir es decir cosas que no son .
Si compran las licencias enseñan con software comercial y sino usen SL .
( Si , así bien prepotente , con la misma prepotencia que se le enseñó software privativo y trucho hasta ahora ) .
Segundos despues : BOLONQUI .
Niño en dirección .
Conclusión : se sometio el tema a debate , colegio chico , decisiones rápidas .
Y hoy el gabinete tiene Ubuntu , Firefox , Ooooooooooo , y muchas otras apliaciones …
En SOLAMENTE 2 semanas una comunidad de 600 chicos aprox .
está utilizando SL .
( Del otro ya tienen en su casa , ahora podrá ELEGIR conociendo las dos – infinitas - opciones ) .
No es tan difícil .
Quizás pensemos que es más dificil de lo que es .
El colegio tomó la decisión de utilizar SL en todos los casos en que haya herramientas que reemplacen el software privativo TRUCHO , y comprar aquello que no encuentre sustituto .
En el primer relevamiento ya descartaron que haya que invertir en eso .
En las escuelas muchas veces se trabaja por DESCONOCIMIENTO con software privativo trucho .
Basta un pequeño idealista para por lo menos sembrar la idea .
Es cierto que no siempre se tiene tanto éxito ni tan rápido , pero vale la pena intentarlo , antes que vole porque é pichón es mucho más fácil .
P.D. : ¡ Gracias Andrea !
I know , I know , it ’s a Wednesday , which means I ’m supposed to be posted Web Wanderings .
But this was just too hilarious to NOT share .
Earlier today , ReadWriteWeb posted an article about Facebook Connect .
Apparently , RWW has some amazing Google - fu , because within hours , that post became one of the top 5 results for Google searches for “ facebook login ” .
Why is this hilarious ?
Because LITERALLY HUNDREDS of Facebook users posted angrily on the comment thread of the post complaining about “ yet another new Facebook ” .
Yes .
Here ’s what these rocket scientists did :
1 ) To log into Facebook , instead of going to https://facebook.com{.linkification-ext} in their browser ’s address bar ( or maybe , heaven forbid , use a bookmark ) , these Facebook users simply do a Google search for “ facebook login ” EVERY TIME THEY WANT TO GO ON FACEBOOK .
2 ) They ended up clicking on the RWW link in the results ( which makes little sense , as even though it was a top 5 hit , it was never # 1 )
3 ) They simply see the Facebook Connect button and assume that “ logs them into teh Facebooks ”
4 ) They log in and think that the ReadWriteWeb site is “ the new Facebook ” .
And get all pissed off .
5 ) Hilarity ensues .
I highly recommend reading all the comments yourself , but here ’s a sampling of some of the angry users .
They sure do hate this “ New ” Facebook …especially with all that darn red !
But never fear .
Laraine Tressler wo n’t have to delete her Facebook after all .
She ’s figured out a solution !
For a while , some commentors thought that this was way too good to be true .
There was no way that there could be THAT many dumb people … it had to be a 4 chan prank or something .
The RWW folks weighed in and reported that no , sadly , this WAS the reality .
I weep for the future of the internets .
The government - school establishment has said the same thing for decades : Education is too important to leave to the competitive market .
If we really want to help our kids , we must focus more resources on the government schools .
But despite this mantra , the focus is on something other than the kids .
When The Washington Post asked George Parker , head of the Washington , D.C. , teachers union , about the voucher program there , he said : " Parents are voting with their feet . …
As kids continue leaving the system , we will lose teachers .
Our very survival depends on having kids in D.C. schools so we 'll have teachers to represent . "
How revealing is that ?
Since 1980 , government spending on education , adjusted for inflation , has nearly doubled .
But test scores have been flat for decades .
Today we spend a stunning $ 11,000 a year per student — more than $ 200,000 per classroom .
It 's not working .
So when will we permit competition and choice , which works great with everything else ?
I 'll explore those questions on my Fox Business program tonight night at 8 and 11 p.m. Eastern time ( and again Friday at 10 p.m. ) .
The people who test students internationally told us that two factors predict a country 's educational success :
Do the schools have the autonomy to experiment , and do parents have a choice ?
Parents care about their kids and want them to learn and succeed — even poor parents .
Thousands line up hoping to get their kids into one of the few hundred lottery - assigned slots at Harlem Success Academy , a highly ranked charter school in New York City .
Kids and parents cry when they lose .
Yet the establishment is against choice .
The union demonstrated outside Harlem Success the first day of school .
And President Obama killed Washington , D.C. 's voucher program .
This is typical of elitists , who believe that parents , especially poor ones , can't make good choices about their kids ' education .
Is that so ?
Ask James
Tooley about that .
Tooley is a professor of education policy who spends most of every year in some of the poorest parts of Africa , India , and China .
For 10 years , he 's studied how poor kids do in " free " government schools and — hold on — private schools .
That 's right .
In the worst slums , private for - profit schools educate kids better than the government 's schools do .
Tooley finds as many as six private schools in small villages .
" The majority of ( poor ) schoolchildren are in private school , and these schools outperform government schools at a fraction of the teacher cost , " he says .
Why do parents with meager resources pass up " free " government schools and sacrifice to send their children to private schools ?
Because , as one parent told the BBC , the private owner will do something that 's virtually impossible in America 's government schools : replace teachers who do not teach .
As in America , the elitist establishment in those countries scoffs at the private schools and the parents who choose them .
A woman who runs government schools in Nigeria calls such parents " ignoramuses . "
But that can't be true .
Tooley tested kids in both kinds of schools , and the private - school students score better .
To give the establishment its best shot , consider Head Start , which politicians view as sacred .
The $ 166 billion program is 45 years old , so it 's had time to prove itself .
But guess what :
The U.S. Department of Health and Human Services recently found no difference in first - grade test results between kids who went through Head Start and similar kids who did n't .
President Obama has repeatedly promised to " eliminate programs that do n't work , " but he wants to give Head Start a billion more dollars .
The White House would n't explain this contradiction to me .
Andrew Coulson , head of the Cato Institute 's Center for Educational Reform , said , " If Head Start ( worked ) , we would expect now , after 45 years of this program , for graduation rates to have gone up ; we would expect the gap between the kids of high school dropouts and the kids of college graduates to have shrunk ; we would expect students to be learning more .
None of that is true . "
Choice works , and government monopolies do n't .
How much more evidence do we need ?
John Stossel is host of Stossel on the Fox Business Network .
He 's the author of Give Me a Break and of Myth , Lies , and Downright Stupidity .
To find out more about John Stossel , visit his site at johnstossel.com .
COPYRIGHT 2010 BY JFS PRODUCTIONS , INC .
DISTRIBUTED BY CREATORS.COM
Happy 50th birthday , Medicare !
In just 15 years , you ’ll qualify for federally funded health insurance .
Well , maybe .
The fiscal situation of the program is growing increasingly delicate , so do n’t hold your breath .
On this monumental occasion , one is ...
Tension between medical - marijuana businesses and the feds ratcheted up two weeks ago when Drug Enforcement Administration agents rolled through Full Spectrum Laboratories , a Denver marijuana testing facility , seizing all pot samples they could find -- all while the lab 's owners were at the Capitol testifying against a medical - marijuana bill .
Betty Aldworth , Full Spectrum 's director of outreach , said they were caught off guard by the raid since they 'd gone out of their way to be on the up - and - up , even formally applying for an analytical lab licensure through the DEA .
" We did n't need to do that , but we thought it was the right thing to do , " she said at the time .
Turns out it was n't the right thing to do -- since it apparently led DEA agents right to their door .
Along with investigating narcotics - related crimes , the DEA also regulates the pharmaceutical industry and businesses that dispense controlled substances , explains DEA special agent Mike Turner .
" If a business applies for DEA registration , we have to conduct a site survey , " he says .
" If we do that and we see controlled substances in violation of federal law , we are not going to turn our back on that . "
Full Spectrum 's DEA license application ?
That does n't look too good .
As Turner puts it , " If , during the inspection of a location , the business is found to be violating federal law , I would n't think that would be in their favor . "
The moral of this story ?
While your underlying intentions may be good , it 's not a good idea to invite the DEA to come check out your stash .
The crimes are less than five months old .
The violent sex offender who committed them has likely been active for far longer , according to an FBI profiler .
Air Force colonel Russ Williams stands charged with two first - degree murders and two sex assaults in and around CFB Trenton .
He is 46 .
On Tuesday morning , police were poring over unsolved crimes in the many stops in Williams ’ 23 - year military career , including towns small and large across Canada , as well as overseas postings .
Williams stands accused of an escalating rampage of violence .
First , a pair break - and - enters followed by fetishistic sex assaults over a two - week span in September .
Both targeted homes were on the same road .
Both victims ’ identities are now shielded by court order .
Then , on Nov. 25 , Cpl. Marie - France Comeau , 37 , was found slain in her home in nearby Brighton .
On Jan. 29 , 27 - year - old Jessica Lloyd disappeared .
Her body was recovered Monday , the day after Williams was arrested .
Police are not revealing the details surrounding the murders .
They have said that in both sexual assaults , the victims were surprised in their homes late at night .
They were tied to chairs .
They were photographed by their assailant .
A report in the Toronto Sun provided details of one attack , which included an unhurried intruder who seemed calm throughout .
We asked Mark Safarik , one of the FBI ’s serial - killer hunters with the famed Behavioral Analysis Unit , about the likelihood that crimes like that were the work of a first - time offender .
After 22 years in the bureau , Safarik now operates a Virginia - based consultancy with Robert K. Ressler , the FBI investigator credited with popularizing the term “ serial killer . ”
After considering some of the published details , Safarik observes , “ People do n’t just wake up one day and say , ‘ I ’m going to abduct someone and murder them . ’
I ’m sure there ’s a history .
“ For me , the surprise is the number of assaults in a relatively short period of time , ” Safarik says .
“ He ’s obviously intelligent .
He ’s careful .
So what ’s happening with him ?
Is there some sort of mental decompensation ?
Did something trigger this ? ”
According to the profile of this sort of violent sex offender , “ Usually there ’s a progression , ” Safarik says .
“ First , prowling , peeping , non-violent paraphilic ( sexually deviant ) stuff , voyeuristic activities .
At some point , offenders decide that ’s not enough .
They ’ll cross that line into fantasy fulfillment .
He may have acted out with willing partners initially , prostitutes or others .
And then that is n’t enough of a thrill , and he crosses over into non-compliant victims . ”
The offender in the latest crimes sounds like someone at the mature end of that progression , Safarik believes .
“ He ’s comfortable in the environment .
He ’s breaking in .
He ’s staying for long periods of time .
He ’s engaged in other activities – binding , photographing .
That is n’t typically behaviour that just starts . ”
Safarik suggested that , aside from other violent sex crimes , police will be looking for reports of unsolved “ precursor ” crimes in places where Williams has lived .
“ I would be looking for cases where we tend to see sexual components that are n’t necessarily seen as sex crimes , ” he says .
“ For instance , night - time burglaries where someone ’s house is broken into but nothing is stolen .
Or fetish - type burglaries , where they ’re taking clothing . ”
The search will be complicated by several factors , Safarik says .
First , there ’s Williams ’ job .
“ He ’s in the military .
That ’s a problem .
Not only has he moved around , the people around him have moved around . ”
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
There ’s also a massive time gap to fill in .
“ I ’d be checking back into his late teens .
I ’d probably start at age 18 , ” Safarik says .
That would leave police poring over cold case files , many of them seemingly minor crimes , going back to early ’ 70s .
“ I ’d be running the whole gamut , going deep into this guy ’s history , ” says Safarik .
“ I know that ’s what they are doing . ”
Episode 2 ! A valuable lesson for all you Others .
Always always decompress !
When “ Henry Gale ” showed up in season 2 I was like , “ Uh oh .
This guy ’s going to be trouble . ”
I remembered him from an old episode of The Practice .
Boy was he CUH - RAY - ZEEEE on that !
Incidentally , I can only recall 2 or 3 episodes of that show and I think Michael Emerson was in all of them .
If that says anything about his performances it ’s that the man sticks out .
Just like his eyeballs !
Hehe .
There 's an old saying that the best place to hide a book is in a library .
The latest Ministry of Defence UFO files released to the National Archives contain more than 6,000 pages of documentation , so if there was a memo somewhere in there saying the MoD had a crashed spaceship hidden away in an RAF hangar somewhere , it might not be found .
Before I start all manner of conspiracy theories with that remark , however , I should say that there is no such memo and no such spaceship – and I say that as someone who spent three years of my 21 - year MoD career working on this issue .
This is the fifth batch of UFO files to be made available and is part of an ongoing three - year programme to release the entire archive .
The decision to release the files was taken in 2007 , to deal with the administrative burden of responding to requests made under the Freedom of Information Act .
At one time , MoD was receiving more FOI requests on UFOs than on any other subject .
The newly released files cover the period 1994 to 2000 .
It 's interesting to note that the cult TV series
The X - Files was at the height of its popularity at this time .
Might this have influenced people making UFO reports ?
I 'm sceptical about the link between science fiction and UFO sightings .
While the popularity of The X - Files might make some people speculate about aliens and government cover-ups , there 's no evidence to suggest that sci-fi films and TV shows influence people 's perceptions of anything strange that they see .
Given the current stratospheric popularity of the blockbuster movie Avatar , if people were being influenced by sci-fi in the way suggested , we'd be inundated with reports of people seeing blue aliens .
We 're not !
So , how do the MoD 's real - life Mulders and Scullys compare to their fictional counterparts ?
Having done the job myself , from 1991 to 1994 , I 'm sorry to have to report that it 's not quite as glamorous as people might suspect .
There 's no running around dark warehouses with guns and torches .
It 's more a case of asking colleagues in the RAF to check the radar tapes and writing polite letters back to members of the public , stating that most UFOs turn out to be misidentifications of ordinary objects and phenomena .
For those with the patience to wade through 6,000 pages of documents , it 's a mixed bag .
There 's a great deal of mundane correspondence between the MoD and the public , together with a vast number of UFO sightings which are clearly aircraft lights , satellites or meteors .
But there is some more interesting material .
As well as today 's news story regarding the sighting of a large , triangular " humming " object in the sky above Michael Howard 's Folkestone home , other examples include the UFO seen by a police officer over the ground of Chelsea FC , and the air traffic controller at Prestwick who tracked an uncorrelated target on radar , travelling at phenomenal speed .
Most disturbing , however , is the incident that occurred on 6 January 1995 , when a Boeing 737 on approach to Manchester airport nearly collided with a delta - shaped UFO .
The pilot and first officer both witnessed this and made an official report .
Neither the MoD nor the Civil Aviation Authority could find any explanation .
As one reads the files , one can sense the MoD 's growing irritation with the subject – an irritation that arguably culminated on 1 December 2009 when the MoD finally disengaged altogether and announced that they would no longer be investigating UFO sightings reported by the public .
Some of the files are entitled " persistent correspondent " .
This is a coded way of saying " this person is becoming a nuisance " .
As will be seen in future file releases – the last files wo n't be released until 2011 – this frustration boiled over when the Freedom of Information Act came fully into force .
Another sign of the MoD's " corporate irritation " with the subject is revealed in the response to somebody who claimed to have been kidnapped by aliens ( it 's not just UFOs ; these real - life X - Files include material on other mysteries such as alien abductions and crop circles ) .
The person concerned had written to ask about MoD policy on alien abductions and pointed out that if the experience was real , the MoD was failing to maintain the territorial integrity of UK airspace – a core defence mission .
After explaining the MoD 's role with respect to UFOs , the somewhat sniffy response stated : " Abduction is a criminal offence and as such is a matter for the civil police . "
This conjures up the bizarre thought of a flying saucer landed on the side of a road , with a bemused constable leaning through the entrance hatch saying , " Excuse me sir , have you any idea how fast you were going ? "
The BBC is to close down half its website , cut spending on imported American programs and close two radio stations in an admission it has become too large .
In a strategic review to be unveiled next month , The Times said on Friday the corporation would concede it must give space to its commercial rivals which have been hard hit by an advertising downturn during the recession .
The British Broadcasting Corporation , funded by the licence fee levied on all those in Britain who own a television , regularly comes under fire from rivals and other critics for its alleged unfair dominance .
BBC director general Mark Thompson will announce a cut in its website pages by half , backed by a 25 per cent cut in staff and budget , said the paper .
It will further close digital radio stations 6 Music and Asian Network and close outlets that target the teenage market , leaving the area free for rivals .
Fears of a mass exodus by London 's financiers to the more favourable tax climate of Switzerland appear to have been exaggerated : fewer Britons applied for permits to work in the Swiss financial services sector last year than in 2008 .
Research by Channel 4
News shows that , despite warnings by Boris Johnson , the mayor of London , that 9,000 high - ­flying City workers would decamp to escape the windfall levy on bonuses and the 50 p income tax rate , just 1,079 British citizens joined the financial sector in the Alpine state last year – and about two - thirds of those were applying for IT or other back - office jobs .
That represented a 7 % decline on the number of Brits applying for a carte de séjour – work permit – in the financial services sector in 2008 .
Alistair Darling 's announcement of the bonus tax in December 's pre-budget report provoked growls of irritation in the City , with many senior bankers threatening to depart for foreign shores .
Broker Tullett Prebon and hedge fund Bluecrest have announced plans to allow some of their City staff to move overseas , but the Swiss data suggests that so far , departures from London have been a trickle rather than a flood .
And since President Obama announced a $ 90bn ( £ 58 bn ) levy on Wall Street and new rules to limit the size of banks , it has become increasingly clear that Britain is far from alone in seeking to crack down on financiers .
Gordon Brown will meet fellow European centre - left leaders in London tomorrow to discuss how to ensure that banks and other financial institutions " make a proper contribution to society " .
The prime minister stressed his determination to spearhead a " big reform " of the global economic system in an interview with the Labour magazine Tribune , before the meeting with fellow leaders , including the prime minister of Spain , José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero .
" If you are in a global economy , a national supervisory regime cannot be enough , so you 've got to look at the rules under which financial institutions operate globally .
One of those rules is that the banks … make a proper contribution to society , " said Brown .
The prime minister had initially favoured a tax on financial transactions – dubbed a " Robin Hood tax " by campaigners ; but he has cooled on the idea in recent weeks .
Treasury officials have instead been working with their American counterparts on a worldwide version of Obama 's $ 90bn " insurance levy " , and the PM has suggested the principles could be agreed by G20 countries this summer .
He told Tribune : " Lots of banks have been able to choose to avoid tax , to move to tax and regulatory havens , and now that we are starting to close that down , it is possible then to have a global financial levy which global financial institutions would pay as their contribution towards the risks that they potentially impose on society but also on the earnings that they have . "
Such a charge would probably be calculated according to banks ' size , instead of being imposed on every City trade .
Japan reignited the debate about the rival proposals this week by adding its voice to the argument for a transaction tax .
Naoki Minezaki , Japan 's vice - minister for finance , said : " We 're seeing speculative funds flowing carelessly around the world – one day in stocks and real estate , other times in oil and grains – and this is destroying the lives of ordinary people . "
He said a tax on financial transactions should be imposed " as part of international solidarity " .
France and Germany – which are keen to rein in " Anglo - Saxon capitalism " – have also made clear that they prefer the idea of a transaction tax .
A spokesman for the Robin Hood Tax campaign , which was launched earlier this month , said : " Japan 's support for a tax on banks ' financial transactions shows growing international backing for measures that go beyond merely asking banks to repay bailouts . "
A Robin Hood tax is the only way to raise money to tackle the wider social damage done by the economic crisis and raise money to tackle long - term problems such as climate change . "
The TUC , which is part of the Robin Hood Tax coalition , argued earlier this week that a global 0.005 % tax on currency transactions and derivatives could be implemented immediately , and would raise up to £ 100 bn .
Campaigners have suggested that some of the proceeds would be reserved by the countries , such as the UK , in which transactions took place , and the rest could go into an international pot that could be used to tackle international problems such as poverty or climate change .
Conclusion
Git has been selected as our new VCS !
http://groups.drupal.org/node/48818?page=2#comment-133893
http://sf2010.drupal.org/conference/sessions/exodus-leading-drupal-out-cvs
http://groups.drupal.org/drupal-org-git-migration-team
Debate archived below :
We actually had quite a productive IRC discussion tonight ( no , that is shockingly not an oxymoron ! ) about the general migration to distributed development , the community fragmentation that it causes , and how the tools on drupal.org might be improved as a way to combat this .
After spirited discussion , we brainstormed this " hit - list " of things that need to happen in order to Drupal.org to ever move to a distributed version control system .
These are pretty loose , but there are quite a few actionable tasks that came out of it , which folks interested in scratching this particular itch could start picking off .
If you want to help , please clearly mark one or more of these things with your name ( or the name of you and your buddies , make a game of it ! ) , and comment below with progress .
Or , help flesh this out a bit more by providing links , things we have n't thought of yet , etc .
Summary of Contenders
We 've narrowed the search to Bazaar and Git .
For the purposes of our community , the two appear to be basically functionally equivalent ( yes ? ) .
Here 's how they stack up on the other merits :
Bazaar
Provides the benefits of a distributed version control system , while also supporting a traditional centralized workflow , which will make transition easier for people .
This advantage should not be under - stated .
Existing drupal.org infrastructure team already has knowledge of bzr , and has agreed internally to move drupal.org to it .
Bazaar is headed up by Canonical , which is likely not going anywhere anytime soon .
Good for future - proofing .
Git
Much higher percentage of Drupal community members have familiarity with it , which will help ease transition headaches , which may be considerable since there are not familiar " anchors " with Git as there are with Bzr .
This advantage should not be under - stated .
Existing work has already started to integrate Project * modules with Git : http://drupal.org/project/versioncontrol_git
Metrics show a general trend towards
Git being the leader in the distributed VCS space with a huge , thriving community .
Good for future - proofing .
Bzr vs. Git Smackdown at Drupalcon SF
The best way to figure out which of these two options would be the best fit for our community is to actually see with our own eyes .
Drupalcon SF offers a tremendous opportunity for this , with the added advantage of having all the major players in place to lead sessions and make a final decision .
Therefore , what we'd like to organize are Git / Bzr " info sessions " where people knowledgeable in the technology sit down with volunteers and observe and take notes , so we can try and get a sense of
So please help by filling out this stuff :
Drupalcon SF attendees who are willing and able to lead these kinds of " info/tutorial " sessions : Bzr : Senpai , matt2000 , NAME Git : sdboyer , scor , ceardach , sirkitree , NAME
Drupalcon SF attendees who are willing and able to be Guinea pigs , mainly those with knowledge only of CVS ( or CVS and Subversion ) : <-- yes ?
Core developers : webchick , beeradb , NAME , NAME Module developers : webchick , NAME , NAME , NAME
Theme developers : NAME , NAME , NAME
Site builders who manage deployments through version control : webchick , beeradb , NAME , NAME
Wtf is a patch ?
What 's version control ? : Elijah Lynn , NAME , NAME
Drupalcon SF attendees who are willing and able to act as " clipboard " folks , gathering data during these sessions : webchick , NAME , NAME , NAME
Then we need to brainstorm stuff like :
What criteria are the clipboard folks looking for ?
What documentation needs to be prepped ahead of time ?
" Quickstart " guide for each VCS , akin to http://drupal.org/handbook/cvs/quickstart
" Examples " that each " group " will go through .
Who 's going to prep it ?
What infrastructure needs to be prepared to perform this testing ?
Who 's going to prep it ?
What sort of data are we hoping to gather from this session ?
What sort of infrastructure do we need to capture it ?
Who 's going to prep it ?
Other ...?
Why are we doing this ?
Things about CVS that currently suck :
It 's an archaic system that no one in their right mind chooses as a version control system today , and thus it's a big barrier to entry because new contributors must learn it " specially " in order to contribute to drupal.org
Things that should be really simple ( submitting changes that add / remove files , renaming files , etc. ) are absolutely horrendous in CVS .
It 's really difficult to " chase HEAD " since CVS merge tools totally suck , making contributing major changes to Drupal core incredibly painful when there are constant re-rolls due to whitespace changes in other places .
It 's difficult for patch authors to have discipline to keep changes to one " context " , resulting often - times in " mega - patches " that are impossible to review .
We lose the incremental commit history that happened on said " mega - patches . "
It 's difficult to share experimental code and encourage others to improve it .
<-- this is a d.o issue , not a CVS issue
The credit on commits ( as in cvs annotate credit ) currently goes to the committers of the code , not the people who actually wrote ( and reviewed ) them .
It 's impossible with CVS to do much of anything while offline , because even a ' diff ' operation needs to " phone home " to the parent server .
Lots of us are on planes a lot of the time .
In general , the lack of modernization of our contribution tools are causing people to move to other places like Launchpad and GitHub , thus fragmenting both our community , and the strength of Drupal.org as the central hub to find any and all Drupal stuff .
<-- both a d.o issue and a CVS issue .
Security in CVS sucks .
pserver 's encryption is sub-standard , and only a small handful of people ( mainly core maintainers and infra team ) use public - key encryption .
What do n't we want to lose ?
Drupal.org being the central collaboration hub for Drupal core and contributed projects : code , reviews , and discussions take place here , where the entire community can participate and learn from them .
The " incremental changes posted to an issue queue where they then get peer review " workflow allows people who are non-developers to participate , and for reviewers / maintainers to see incremental progress instead of the whole thing at once .
Keeping only one canonical " target " for each project in all of Drupal , for the entire community to buzz around .
This makes peer reviews much easier , since the way to test changes is always the same , and keeps everyone collaborating on the same stuff , not a fork of a fork of a fork of a ....
Things that we 've ruled out
Moving to $ better_centralised_VCS , such as Subversion .
The amount of work required to pull this off is substantial ; we need to make sure that we 're set for another 10 years , and distributed VCS is clearly the way of the future .
Any non -free ( as in beer and freedom ) VCS .
Pretty much anything but Git , Bzr , and Hg at this point , unless someone can make an extremely compelling case for something else .
at this point , unless someone can make an extremely compelling case for something else .
Mercurial .
There just are n't enough existing community members who know it , nor do the folks on the infrastructure team have a background there .
Sorry , Hg !
Concrete to - dos for moving Drupal.org to $ distributed_VCS
Documentation / Training
HEY !
You there !
Put your name here . :D
Git : yhager , mike booth , sdboyer , mig5 , marvil07 , lut4rp , scor , ceardach , reglogge , kyle_mathews , bdragon , asimov , hugowetterberg , tobiassjosten , fago , DamienMcKenna , Frando , Will White , Jeff Miccolis , psynaptic , anarcat ( willing to help with CVS -> git migration ) , slantview , EclipseGc , VoxPelli , gordon , schoobidoo , Pisco , Sean Bannister , mikl , jrglasgow , stepmoz , Jeremy , seutje , corni , ben-agaric , sirkitree , chachasikes NAME
Bzr : David Strauss , Peter Wolanin , Narayan Newton , Josh Koenig , bdragon ( again ) , chx , NeverGone , a_c_m , Nuno Veloso , cha0s , Heine , Garrett Albright , Emma Jane Hogbin , TBarregren , dixon_ , frjo , ximo , matt2000 NAME
Hg : Heine , mikey_p , mcrittenden , NAME
Compile a list of our current " use cases " around version control : ( DONE ? )
Collaborative patch authoring :
Huge changes like form API , field API , core themes , etc. that are more - or - less equally authored by multiple people .
Primary patch authors :
There 's primarily one person who's " in charge " of a patch , but is taking contributions from other authors .
Patch contributors : Contribute more minor things like code - standard compliance , spelling corrections , etc. to a primary path author .
Patch reviewers :
Eyeball the code , take a change from the issue queue and ensure that it 's properly working , post back their results .
Contrib module developers :
Handle primary development of module , pull in patches from others , maintain branches and releases .
Contrib theme developers :
Handle primary development of theme , pull in patches from others , maintain branches and releases .
Co-maintainers :
Help maintain a module / theme , but often checking first with the primary author before changes are made .
Users : Run their Drupal site on code directly checked out from d.o repositories , they update to the latest release tag and rebase patches on top of that .
____ ( other use cases ? )
Comparisons
Compare Git / Bzr / Hg on the following items ( see also DVCS - specific pages for Git : http://groups.drupal.org/node/48843, Bazaar : http://groups.drupal.org/node/48848, and Mercurial : http://groups.drupal.org/node/48853 for more detailed details ) .
Comparison charts git-hg - bzr : InfoQ dvcs- guide , May 2008
( Note : Some of these might be " Well all of them do that " and that 's cool , then just mention it there ; I was trying to pull from further down the wiki . )
Comparison of issue trackers on other Open Source projects
Note :
While these statistics are interesting , note that a remotely - hosted service such as GitHub is off the table , because it violates the # 1 thing we do n't want to lose : keeping drupal.org central collaboration hub for Drupal .
Drupal.org integration
( This part still needs major exploration work done , to determine what exactly we want , and what work is actually involved .
It 's also the thing that 's going to hold everything else up , so the sooner someone jumps on this the better . )
" Phase 1 " probably just looks like keeping our existing workflows in place ( i.e. sharing changes via patches in the issue queue , hosting only the " canonical " repository for each project ) , and replacing CVS with $vcs .
This requires research into the following :
Evaluate feasibility of moving off of Project * modules in favour of $vcs issue tracker / source code integration tool .
Gitorious ( Git ) Pros : __________ Cons : ____________ Bzr : Launchpad ( Bzr ) Pros : __________ Cons : ____________
I posted a comparison that would n't fit here in a comment below .
-- David Strauss _________
Other ?
Neutral ?
Pros : __________ Cons : ____________
Existing infrastructure that would need to be modified to work with $vcs tool Testing bot _____ ( lots and lots of things , I 'm sure ... )
Bad stuff
We 'd end up forcing our community through two significant learning curves at once ( new VCS , new project management tools ) , which should definitely not be under - stated .
In addition to the already significant documentation requirements for simply the VCS move , we 'd probably sextuple those having to re-write all of our existing documentation that makes reference to how to use the issue queue , project management tools , etc. ( otoh , we could probably externally link to a lot of it ) _____ ( lots and lots of things , I 'm sure ... )
Good stuff
Not having to port project * module every time we want to upgrade durpal.org .
:P _____ ( lots and lots of things , I 'm sure ... )
Identify and document places where in our current scripts , etc. there are hard - coded assumptions about CVS .
For each item , identify the piece of code currently responsible for performing this job , determine if there are CVS assumptions , and if so create a set of issues for discussing / tracking these , and link them here .
Release packaging scripts Pre-commit scripts Testbot Commit log browser - provided by CVS integration module .
Access control to repositories - git example Source code browser - provided by ViewVC , which only works on CVS and Subversion .
An alternative tool must be found .
Git : List on kernel.org wiki , ViewGit , Trac + GitPlugin , Git Browser ( module ) Bzr : Loggerhead ( see an example here ) , several other options : http://wiki.bazaar.canonical.com/WebInterfaces
Neutral : Trac , Redmine , but these are entire project management systems , not just source viewers .
Other ?
Determine logistics for how $vcs replacing CVS actually looks :
What does the new directory structure look like in core / contrib ?
How do we manage " official " releases ( tags ) vs. development releases ( branches ) ?
How do we facilitate ( or do n't we , in phase 1 ) " spooning " of code ?
Stuff we need to do / after / we have chosen a $vcs and have the rest of the stuff above in progress
Documentation / Training
An equivalent of http://drupal.org/handbook/cvs/quickstart for $vcs
FAQs / Troubleshooting / OMG I BROKE IT HELP !!!
docs
Screencasts on how to use it .
Scheduling of " info sessions " on IRC ( or Skype , or whatever ) for $vcs brigade to train existing contributors on the new system .
Future feature requests
When patches are uploaded to d.o , do automatic generation of tarballs with project + patch applied already , to facilitate reviews by non-technical users .
( Feature request posted here : http://drupal.org/node/707526)
Crazily pimping out drupal.org to take advantage of more advanced $vcs features , e.g. feed from commit logs on forked branches to the issue queue , create and post patch automatically to issue with a button , etc .
Exploring alternative core contribution workflows , e.g. " authorized " branches for specific features like fieldable user profiles in D8 core , with someone " deputized " to accept changes .
Browser - based editing to files in repo leading to automatic patch creation , for designers + commits via the issue queue / web UI <-- / really / not sure of this idea ....
This is really appealing in my mind , since it blows away the barrier to entry for the vcs , so devs can commit easily .
ao5357
( Props to at least Benjamin - Melancon , Lizzard , walkah , yhager , JohnAlbin , dbabbage , catch , jensimmons , hefox , and whoever else helped work on this . :) )
Edit : I 've removed all +1 comments .
Please , no more
With under 30s struggling to get a home , can the many over 60s with rooms to spare help ?
Last week , Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad spoke with Hezbollah Secretary - General Hassan Nasrallah .
Nasrallah reportedly said that if Israel attacks Lebanon next summer , Hezbollah has the will and ability " to close the case once and for all . "
In a recent speech , he had said that Israel is not in a situation to start a new war , because it had not yet recovered from the 2006 war on Lebanon or the 2008 war on Gaza .
" We will bomb your buildings if you bomb ours , your power plants if you bomb ours , your oil refineries if your bombs ours .
I announce this challenge and we accept this challenge , " said the charismatic chief of Hezbollah .
According to Israeli reports , Hezbollah emerged from the war of 2006 stronger than ever before , with 42,000 rockets and weapons capable of hitting Tel Aviv and the Dimona nuclear reactor in the Negev Desert .
Nasrallah 's recent threats and Ahmadinejad 's show of support comes amidst rising fear of a summer war between Israel and Lebanon .
Speaking to reporters last week , Ahmadinejad said , " According to information we have , they [ the Israelis ] are seeking to start a new war next spring or summer , although their decision is not final yet .
But the resistance and regional states will finish them if this fake regime does anything again . "
Hezbollah clearly does not want war , but according to Nasrallah it would not shy away if it is inevitable .
Lebanon as a whole does not want war , having not yet fully recovered from the war of 2006 .
A new war would put a damper on the ambitions of Prime Minister Sa'ad Hariri , leaving him in a difficult position .
He would have to live up to his Cabinet policy statement , in which he has promised to support Hezbollah 's right to armed resistance .
This would break the already fragile coalition with Hariri's Christian allies , who are complaining that the prime minister is granting all of Hezbollah 's requests .
Syria does not want war either , but top officials have said that they will support Lebanon if it comes to it .
The Saudis feel the same way .
Iran , however , would not mind another war in Lebanon .
There are certain radicals within Iran who are not pleased about the so - called ‘ Lebanonisation ' of Hezbollah .
The party , they believe , is becoming overly immersed in Lebanese domestic issues , pursing more of a political programme than a military one — a programme very different from the one formulated by Hezbollah 's founding charter in 1982 .
They are itching for another war , to remind the world what Hezbollah is really all about .
They are seemingly very convinced that Hezbollah can strike back at Israel , surviving a war just as it did the one in 2006 , inflicting maximal damage on Israeli cities and infrastructure .
These people believe Hezbollah would do sufficiently well that the international community would think twice before pushing for another confrontation with the organisation or , at a later stage , with Iran itself .
Others , however , are more sceptical , fearing that if Israel lives up to its threats , striking at all of Lebanon and not just the Shiite south , then this would create a very unfavourable environment for Hezbollah within Lebanese society , at least among Sunnis , Maronites and Druze .
In the middle
Nasrallah is caught between these two groups , with analysts trying to gauge whether or not he is in favour of another battle with Israel .
Those who know the Hezbollah chief are saying that by making threats , he is actually reducing the chances of war .
By stating that Hezbollah is ready , Nasrallah is effectively forcing Israel to think carefully before striking again at Lebanon .
He is banking on the wisdom of seasoned Israeli statesmen , who know how costly it would be to inflict so much pain and destruction on Israeli society , regardless of the political or military gains such a war could secure .
As much as they hate the man , Israeli decision - makers believe that Nasrallah is true to his word .
They know that if they attack Beirut Airport next summer , he is both willing and able to strike at Ben Gurion Airport .
In 2006 , Nasrallah vowed never to return two Israeli soldiers held captive by Hezbollah unless they were traded for hundreds of Arab prisoners .
He lived up to his word and got Samir Al Qantar , the ‘ dean ' of Arab prisoners in Israeli jails , in 2008 .
During the 2006 war , Nasrallah promised to strike at " Haifa and beyond Haifa , " and indeed , struck at the port city of Haifa , sending shivers down the spines of Israeli officials .
Nasrallah believes , however , that war is indeed coming — if not in the summer of 2010 , then some time in the foreseeable future .
He claims that the Israeli army will not settle for the results of 2006 .
He is , nevertheless , confident of the religious motivation and sophisticated training of his soldiers , along with the backing of states such as Syria and Iran .
Nasrallah trusts that his men , who have not been infiltrated by Israel , will lead him to victory , just as they did in 2006 .
Sami Moubayed is editor - in - chief of Forward Magazine in Syria .
Following its release in 1988 , the production team responsible for Who Framed Roger Rabbit were instantly applauded by the millions of stunned moviegoers who subsequently saw the film , and rightly so , as even now ( an unbelievable 22 years later ) the most hardened critic would have difficulty finding fault with the near - seamless interactions between live - action and animated characters .
The following memo – sent by the movie ’s director of animation , Richard Williams ( also author of the fantastic The Animator ’s Survival Kit ) , to all those working within the animation department – is a fantastic illustration , literally , of just how aware Williams was of the potential for disaster .
Luckily for everyone the memo ’s message was heard , the eye lines were connected , and a Poppins was averted .
Transcript follows .
Image courtesy of original Roger Rabbit animator Peter Western .
Huge thanks to Joe for bringing it to my attention .
Recommended reading : The Animator ’s Survival Kit : A Manual of Methods , Principles , and Formulas for Classical , Computer , Games , Stop Motion , and Internet Animators .
Source
Transcript AUGUST ’87 MEMO TO ALL ANIMATORS , ALL ASSISTANTS , ALL INBETWEENERS EYE LINES A MAJOR PROBLEM HAS JUST LEPT OUT TO FACE US … THE EYE LINES BETWEEN CARTOON CHARACTERS AND LIVE ACTION ONES ARE PROVING INCREDIBLY CRITICAL .
( NO WONDER MARY POPPINS WAS AWFUL IN THIS REGARD ) THE WHOLE TRICK IS BLOWN IF THE CARTOON PERSON DISCONNECTS HIMSELF FROM THE LIVE ACTORS EYELINE .
– IT SEEMS THAT ONLY 2 OR 3 FRAMES WRONG IS ALL THAT IS NEEDED TO BLOW THE ILLUSION .
THIS OBVIOUSLY HAS NEVER BEEN FACED OR SOLVED PROPERLY BEFORE AND SOMEHOW WE HAVE TO .
TAKE EXTRA CARE … DICK
The FBI and Justice Department on Friday officially closed their investigation into the 2001 mailings of anthrax - contaminated letters to Capitol Hill and journalists in New York and Florida , concluding that U.S. Army medical researcher Bruce E. Ivins was solely responsible for the five deaths that resulted .
Had Ivins not died in an apparent suicide in July 2008 as investigators were closing in on him , he would probably have been charged with the use of a weapon of mass destruction , authorities said in their report .
The announcement of the end of the case was accompanied by the release of voluminous supporting documents , including thousands of pages of summaries , e-mails , search warrants and other evidentiary material .
The FBI , working with postal inspectors and federal prosecutors , said Ivins had plenty of opportunities to create and maintain the spore batches of anthrax , noting that he often worked late at night alone in the lab at Ft. Detrick , Md. , where the material was stored , grown and harvested .
Advertisement
“ In addition , ” the report says , “ Dr. Ivins was among the very few anthrax researchers nationwide with the knowledge and ability to create the highly purified spores used in the mailings . ”
His motive , it says , was born out of “ intense personal and professional pressure . ”
He had devoted his entire 20 - year career to the anthrax vaccine program and feared that the project was being phased out .
“ Following the anthrax attacks , however , his program was suddenly rejuvenated , ” authorities said .
Ivins ’ lawyer , Paul Kemp , ridiculed the government findings .
“ There ’s absolutely no evidence he did anything , ” Kemp said .
Rep. Rush D. Holt , a Democrat from central New Jersey where the anthrax letters were mailed , also was not satisfied .
Advertisement
“ This has been a closed - minded , closed process from the beginning , ” he said .
“ The evidence the FBI produced would not , I think , stand up in court . ”
According to the 92 - page summary of the investigation , Ivins struggled with mental health issues .
In the month before he died of an overdose of Tylenol , he posted violent messages on the Internet and leveled death threats at a group therapy session .
His doctors considered him “ homicidal and sociopathic . ”
He also told a friend how he felt pressured by the FBI investigation , and how things were happening that he had no control over , but that “ I do n’t have it in my , in my , I , I can tell you I do n’t have it in my heart to kill anybody . ”
Just months earlier he had tried to commit suicide at home in Frederick , Md. He had been taking antidepressants .
He collected guns and body armor .
Sometimes he wrote in code , fascinated with constructions like TTT and AAT and TAT , similar to the bold - face letters on the anthrax mailings , apparent references to a chain of nucleic acids in the DNA genetic chain .
The federal investigation was not without its missteps and false turns .
Officials spent the first years running down suspicions that the mailings were the work of Al Qaeda .
Advertisement
They devoted blocks of time and resources investigating Steven J. Hatfill , a former researcher at Ft. Detrick , ultimately clearing him .
No physical evidence was found linking Ivins to the mailbox at Princeton University in New Jersey where the anthrax letters were posted .
However , the report says , “ strong circumstantial links . . . were established . ”
The mailbox is near the offices of the school ’s Kappa Kappa Gamma sorority , which Ivins reportedly had obsessed over .
Kemp said the connection was preposterous .
“ I drove up there to see how long it would take me , and what was there , ” he said .
“ It ’s a mail drop for people interested in that sorority .
Just a business drop .
There were no girls there . ”
Advertisement
richard.serrano@ latimes.com
Für Handelsware und ungeöffnete Kontaktlinsen und Pflegemittel gilt weiterhin das gesetzliche 14 - tägige Widerrufsrecht .
Bitte hab Verständnis , dass für Rückgaben im Rahmen des Widerrufs keine Rücksendekosten übernommen werden .
Bitte sende uns deine
Ware zusammen mit der Kopie des Lieferscheins frankiert an :
Brille24 GmbH
Wollkämmereistraße 7
04357 Leipzig
Deutschland
Du kannst nicht richtig durch deine Brille sehen oder es liegt ein Defekt an der Brille vor ?
Dann wende dich bitte direkt an unseren Kundenservice , damit wir den optimalen Ablauf für dein Anliegen auswählen können .
KIEV ( Reuters ) - Opposition leader Viktor Yanukovich claimed victory in Ukraine ’s presidential elections on Sunday and told his bitter rival Yulia Tymoshenko to resign as prime minister , but she refused to concede and declared she was ahead .
Yanukovich , 59 , a beefy ex-mechanic who wants better ties with Moscow , promised quick reforms to overcome Ukraine ’s deep economic crisis after exit polls and initial results gave him a lead of several points over Tymoshenko .
“ I think that Yulia Tymoshenko should prepare to resign .
She understands that well , ” Yanukovich said in a television interview .
Preliminary official results , with just over 16 percent counted , gave Yanukovich 51.86 percent against 42.80 percent for longtime rival Tymoshenko .
Exit polls but him 3 - 4 points ahead .
But presaging a possible messy legal challenge , Tymoshenko ’s campaign chief said her camp was conducting a “ parallel count ” that gave Tymoshenko the lead with 46.8 percent to 46.0 for Yanukovich with 85 percent of votes counted .
In yet another count , Yanukovich ’s camp said he was ahead by 4.5 percent .
Tymoshenko was the co-architect of Ukraine ’s 2004 Orange Revolution , when mass street protests overturned an initial Yanukovich election victory tainted by fraud .
Former gas tycoon Tymoshenko , 49 , was in no mood to give up this time either .
Looking stern before reporters , she urged her team to “ fight for every result , every document , every vote . ”
Legal challenges and street protests from Tymoshenko could further delay Ukraine ’s chances of repaying over $ 100 billion of foreign debt and nursing its sickly economy back to health after a 15 percent collapse last year .
In Russia , Ukraine ’s former Soviet master and the source of the gas which flows through its pipeline network to the West , the election was closely watched but state - controlled media avoided taking sides .
Apparently keen to avoid repeating Moscow ’s 2004 gaffe of prematurely congratulating Yanukovich , Kremlin officials said there was unlikely to be any official comment on Sunday night .
ORANGE REVOLUTION BURIED ?
Sunday ’s vote , conducted in freezing temperatures and snow , appeared to reflect widespread disillusion among Ukrainians that the Orange Revolution failed to deliver prosperity or stability .
Slideshow ( 6 images )
The $ 120 billion economy has been battered by a decline in the value of Ukraine ’s steel and chemicals exports that has hammered the hryvnia currency , slashed budget revenues and undermined the domestic banking system .
President Viktor Yushchenko , the other leader of the Orange Revolution , was eliminated from voting in the first round of the election after coming a humiliating fifth .
He launched a series of bitter personal attacks on his former ally Tymoshenko .
Voters were unenthusiastic about either candidate but seemed to feel Yanukovich , a former premier who stressed the fight against poverty , had the best chance of restoring order .
Slideshow ( 6 images )
“ We lost five years of our lives thanks to Yushchenko and Tymoshenko , ” said Oleg Nochvyn , a miner in his 50s in the eastern region of Donetsk .
“ For five years they were promising us -- tomorrow will be better .
Well , I get up the next day and it ’s worse than the day before ... Under Viktor Fyodorovich ( Yanukovich ) we had everything -- economic growth , everything was getting better . ”
Regardless of the outcome of Sunday ’s election , squabbling was set to continue , reflecting the country ’s broader divisions .
Ukraine is divided almost equally between a Russian - leaning east and south and a Western - friendly center and west .
Assuming Yanukovich ’s victory is confirmed , Tymoshenko can expect in any case to be ousted as prime minister by a vote of no confidence in parliament .
Yanukovich will then try to form a new coalition to get his own ally into the role , or call a snap parliamentary election .
Before polls closed , Tymoshenko’s camp complained of multiple voting and bribery in the eastern Donetsk region , the industrial power base of Yanukovich , and said it would contest results in around 1,000 polling stations .
Volodymyr Mayevsky , head of the Interior Ministry ’s public security department , told a news conference that voting “ got underway smoothly , without blatant violations of public order . ”
Investors want a new president who will be able to resume borrowing from the International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) .
The IMF put lending on hold in frustration at political squabbling and concerns about budget spending .
If the several hundred people who attended the Los Angeles Anarchist Book Fair on Sunday had been asked to explain their political identity , they would have given several hundred different answers .
They might have said they were earth liberation anarchists , or indigenous rights anarchists , or Christian anarchists .
They might have called themselves feminist anarchists , insurrectionist anarchists or radical queer punks .
On the grassy hilltop of Barnsdall Art Park , where the event was held , the array of anarchists flipped through thick tomes of political theory and picked through stacks of homemade propaganda pamphlets .
There were vegan tacos , music , baby - sitting provided by the Anarchist Child Care Collective and workshops on such topics as pirate radio and “ radical feminist anatomy . ”
Advertisement
There were many conversations -- and also some arguments .
“ If you were to ask , ‘ What is anarchism ? ’ we would all disagree , ” said Vlad Bliffet , a member of the collective that organized the fair .
While most anarchists agree on the basic principle that the world would be better without hierarchy and without capitalism , he said , they have competing theories on how to achieve that change .
The purpose of the fair is “ not just to sell stuff , ” he said as he passed out schedules of the lectures .
“ It ’s to find allies and commonalities and differences . ”
The fair kicked off with a ceremony by an Aztec dance group .
Wearing feather headdresses -- and in the case of several young men , high - top sneakers -- the members danced in circles to a frantic drum beat .
Advertisement
Judith Cuauhtemoc , the leader of the group , said the dance is traditionally performed when a farmer plants new seeds .
She said she hoped it would help spur a feeling of revolution among attendees .
Unlike Berkeley or Seattle , Los Angeles is n’t known as a nucleus for radical politics .
The annual anarchist book fair in the Bay Area , for example , attracts large crowds and goes on for two days .
But what the radical political scene in L.A. lacks in potency , it makes up in diversity , said Edith Abeyta , 43 , who helped organize the fair .
Advertisement
Not far from where she stood , at a table hosted by a local anarchist group called Brigada Popular , people sifted through a collection of homemade Spanish - language recordings of seminal anarchist texts .
Nearby , at a booth organized by the Catholic Worker Movement , people picked from a basket of “ rescued candy ” that the organizers had found in a trash bin outside of a supermarket .
“ There ’s a huge cultural and ethnic diversity here , and you can see it , ” said Abeyta .
“ This very much reflects Los Angeles . ”
The fair was hosted in conjunction with an exhibit Abeyta curated at the nearby Los Angeles Municipal Art Gallery .
Many of the artists featured in the Actions , Conversations , and Intersections show “ have anarchist roots , ” she said .
Advertisement
Barnsdall Park also has a radical past , Abeyta said .
In the 1920s an oil heiress named Aline Barnsdall lived atop the property that is now the park in a sprawling house built by Frank Lloyd Wright .
Barnsdall , a friend of the famous anarchist Emma Goldman , used to post billboards on Sunset Boulevard supporting Socialist political candidates , Abeyta said .
One young man was stretched out on the grass , smoking a cigarette .
On the soles of his sneakers , he had scrawled , “ The time for the revolution is now . ”
On his backpack he had pinned a sign that read , “ Long Beach anarchists looking for collaborators . ”
He said he had come to the book fair in hopes of meeting people like himself , a 22 - year - old Dumpster - diving vegan and self - identified “ insurrectionist anarchist ” who believes radical system change sometimes requires violence .
Advertisement
He had not yet met any potential partners .
But he had looked through some cool books .
The reading had him itching for action , he said , for real change .
He wondered whether he should head to Latin America , where anarchist groups like the Mexican Zapatistas are active .
The problem with America , he said , is that people do n’t protest .
“ We do n’t fight here , ” he said .
“ We hold book fairs . ”
Advertisement
kate.linthicum@latimes.com
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Formula 1 teams will kick off its second test of the 2010 pre-season at the Jerez circuit tomorrow .
Three outfits who missed the first test at Valencia - Red Bull , Force India and Virgin Racing - will join their rivals in Spain this week .
Below is the provisional line - up for the Jerez test .
Team Feb 10 Feb 11 Feb 12 Feb 13 Mercedes GP Rosberg Schumacher Rosberg Schumacher Red Bull Webber Webber Vettel Vettel Mclaren Button Button Hamilton Hamilton Ferrari Alonso Alonso Massa Massa BMW Sauber Kobayashi Kobayashi de la Rosa de la Rosa Williams Hulkenberg Hulkenberg Barrichello Barrichello Renault Petrov Petrov Kubica Kubica Force India Liuzzi Liuzzi Sutil Sutil Toro Rosso Buemi Buemi Alguersuari Alguersuari Virgin Racing Glock Glock di Grassi di Grassi
AUTOSPORT will provide regular updates , including live coverage , of the test from tomorrow .
For months I have been suggesting that as long as bids for corporate bonds remain firm the stock market will not collapse .
( Note that " not collapse " is not the same as continue to rise . )
We are now starting to see cracks in the corporate bond market .
Please consider Bond Sales Tumble 90 % , Junk Returns Go Negative : Credit Markets .
Investment - grade debt sales are drying up and returns on high - yield bonds have turned negative for the year as investors wait to see whether European leaders can contain Greece ’s budget crisis .
Borrowers in the U.S. and Europe sold $ 4.71 billion of high - grade securities this week , the least this year and about 90 percent less than the average $ 52.9 billion , according to data compiled by Bloomberg .
Speculative - grade , or junk , bonds in the U.S. have lost 0.09 percent in 2010 after gaining 1.52 percent in January , Bank of America Merrill Lynch index data show .
“ Sentiment has turned significantly amid concerns about sovereign deficits and problems surrounding Greece and other peripheral euro - zone economies , ” Simon Ballard , a senior credit strategist at RBC Capital Markets in London said yesterday .
“ For the moment , we ’re unlikely to see much in the way of primary market activity as investor sentiment remains fragile and the broad market feeling is one of nervousness . ”
Corporate bonds have returned 1.39 percent this year , according to the Merrill index .
Junk bonds lost 1.58 percent so far this month , the most in a year , the bank ’s U.S. High Yield Master II Index shows .
Prices of high - yield loans fell for the fifth straight day .
The S&P / LSTA U.S. Leveraged Loan 100 Index declined to 88.93 , the lowest since Jan. 8 and down from 89.07 the day before .
Leveraged loans and junk bonds are rated below Baa3 by Moody ’s Investors Service and below BBB - by Standard & Poor’s .
ITC Deltacom was the fourth high - yield borrower in almost four weeks to cancel a sale .
New World Resources NV , a Czech - owned coal company , called off its 700 million euro ( $ 964 million ) bond offering , citing “ negative market volatility , ” in a statement distributed yesterday .
Rot Starts In Subprime
Treasury Yield Curve
$ TYX = 30 Yr Yield
$ TNX = 10 Yr Yield
$ FVX = 05 Yr Yield
$ IRX = 03 Mo Yield
POLICE could be called in to maintain order at a student debate after anti-fascists vowed to stop two BNP politicians joining it .
Unite Against Fascism ( UAF ) said Durham Union Society ’s decision to invite the BNP to a multiculturalism debate was disgraceful .
The group wants the meeting cancelled or the invitations withdrawn , and is planning demonstrations outside the Debating Chamber , on the Palace Green , Durham City .
Simon Assas , from UAF , said : “ It defies belief .
It is a huge error of judgement and they should think about their university ’s reputation .
It is outrageous . ”
Inspector Paul Anderson said Durham Police would speak to event organisers before deciding whether officers were needed outside the debate or whether they would advise it be abandoned .
The Durham Union Society , one of the world ’s oldest student debating societies , will discuss the motion : “ This house believes in a multicultural Britain ” .
For the proposal will be Kulveer Ranger , an advisor to Boris Johnson , and Conservative MP Edward Leigh .
Arguing against will be Andrew Brons , the British National Party MEP for Yorkshire and the Humber , and Chris Beverley , a BNP councillor in Leeds .
Mr Brons said : “ If the UAF want to defeat us , why do n’t they defeat us with reasoned argument ?
I look forward to the debate . ”
Anna Birley , the president of Durham Union Society , said : “ While personally I disagree with the views of the BNP , I respect everyone ’s right to freedom of speech .
“ As president , I am responsible for promoting open debate , which means inviting people with opposing points of view – the best way to expose them to public scrutiny . ”
Professor Chris Higgins , the vice - chancellor of Durham University , said : “ I , personally , abhor the views of the BNP which I consider inappropriate , shallow and offensive .
“ However , because the university is a strong advocate of freedom of speech , we did not oppose the right of the Durham Union Society to invite BNP members as long as they spoke as part of an open debate in which their views could be challenged . ”
The debate , open to society members only , will be held from 8.30 pm on Friday , February 12 .
The real reason why Russia and China are n’t interested in stopping Iran ’s nuclear program .
As President Obama begins a push to impose harsher economic sanctions on Iran over its nuclear program , his success will be determined largely by the answer to a single question : Will China and Russia get on board ?
In order to bite , sanctions must be enforced by the rest of the international community , but , so far , Beijing and Moscow have been reluctant to endorse the toughest penalties advocated by Washington .
Many analysts and policymakers wrongly assume that this reluctance is a function of these countries ’ economic ties with Iran , or their failure to appreciate the proliferation threat .
Last week , for example , Hillary Clinton bluntly challenged China ’s approach to Tehran , saying , “ [ W ]e understand that right now it seems counterproductive to you to sanction a country from which you get so much of the natural resources your growing economy needs .
But think about the longer term implications . ”
The real reason for Beijing and Moscow ’s obstinacy , however , is much more fundamental , and from Washington ’s point of view , much more distressing : China and Russia are not particularly threatened by , and may even see a significant upside to , a nuclear - armed Iran .
To understand this point , we must first consider why the United States , China , and Russia - - or any other country for that matter -- should fear nuclear proliferation .
Of course , there are the concerns of accidental nuclear detonation , nuclear terrorism , or even nuclear war .
But these are all extremely low probability events .
The primary threat of nuclear proliferation is that it constrains the freedom of powerful states to use or threaten to use force abroad .
The United States ’ global power - projection capability provides Washington with a significant strategic advantage :
It can protect , or threaten , Iran and any other country on the planet .
An Iranian nuclear weapon , however , would greatly reduce the latitude of its armed forces in the Middle East .
If the United States planned a military operation in the region , for example , and a nuclear - armed Iran objected that the operation threatened its vital interests , any U.S. president would be forced to rethink his decision .
As then - Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld explained in 2001 , nuclear weapons “ could give rogue states the power to hold our people hostage to nuclear blackmail -- in an effort to prevent us from projecting force to stop aggression . "
This line of thinking is not unique to the situation with Iran .
In nearly every historical instance of proliferation , beginning with China in the 1960s , the United States opposed nuclear proliferation in large part because it wanted to preserve its military freedom of action .
Indeed , the 2008 National Defense Strategy issued by the Pentagon explicitly states that the American military will achieve its objectives by “ shaping the choices of key states , preventing adversaries from acquiring or using WMD , strengthening and expanding alliances and partnerships , securing U.S. strategic access and retaining freedom of action . "
One of the most basic teachings of the Buddha , so far as I understand it , is that all conditioned things , all contingent things , all fabricated things , all things that arise , and thus all things that pass away , are inherently impermanent , and thus are intrinsically dukkha — suffering and unsatisfactoriness .
Further , the Buddha , or Buddhism , teaches that our attachment to these conditioned , fabricated , contingent , and thus impermanent things , is the cause not only of our suffering but of our continual becoming into in a world of suffering .
The Buddha does n’t offer this teaching as a set of metaphysical ideas we accept or do n’t accept .
Rather , his teaching urges us to look and see for ourselves .
To take the idea of impermanence as a mere intellectual idea or world view is surely the cause of hopelessness and despair for many people .
What meaning has life , if all things are going to pass away , especially all things that make us happy , and if we , finally , must die ?
Surely this abstract , intellectual understanding of impermanence is why those who have n’t actually practiced Buddhism sometimes call it “ pessimistic ” or “ world denying . ”
Impermanence is n’t a just Buddhist concept , it ’s a fact of life
But Buddhism did n’t invent the problem of impermanence .
All we have to do is look around us .
Look at what the physical sciences show us .
The impermanence of material things is pretty obvious .
Virtually anything created or fabricated can become “ uncreated ” and unfabricated .
All things decay and wear out .
Birth , aging , and death are the fate of all living creatures .
Species come and go .
Civilizations rise and fall .
Mountains thrust up and erode away .
Continents appear and disappear .
Planets are formed , life may or may not arise , and finally , the planet shares the same fate as the star it orbits — heat death as all energy runs down and out , or annihilation when the star goes nova or supernova .
Stars form from dust and gas , burn brightly for billions of years , and then go out with either a whimper or a bang .
Galaxies form , burst into light , age , and fade into final darkness .
Even the universe starts with a Big Bang and then either expands forever or falls back into a Big Crunch .
Quantum physics reveals that matter itself it ultimately unstable .
After eons of time , even the elementary particles all dissolve into radiation , cooling and expanding forever .
Looking on all the material world and the transient works of man , an ancient biblical preacher cried out , “ Vanity of vanities … vanity of vanities ; all is vanity ” or as another translation has it , “ Meaningless !
Meaningless !… Utterly meaningless !
Everything is meaningless . ”
So , all things pass away .
What ’s the solution ?
Wow , what a bummer , to say the least !
Clearly , “ pessimism ” is n’t the special province of Buddhism !
Thinkers throughout history when looking deeply into the problem of being and personal mortality have all felt this same kind of despair and sense of ultimate meaninglessness .
And if people do n’t see the seriousness of situation we are in , they are either asleep or in deep denial , playing shuffleboard on the deck of the Titanic .
In the end , we all are going down , but so often , we live and act like this is n’t so .
So , what to do ?
Much of humanity looks to a supernatural salvation as a last minute or ultimate “ get out of jail free ” card to entrapment in a material world and frail , finite matter bodies .
For these believers , salvation comes from outside of us , from personal and divine saviors who lived millennia ago and who people still hope will finally show up and save the day .
Salvation hinges solely on belief or non-belief in these saviors or prophets .
In the meantime , hundreds of millions of people have already come and gone — for a select few , to an eternal heaven or for the majority , to an eternal hell .
Happy thought !
Others just accept that what we can know and see with the physical senses is all there is .
They reject the idea of any “ spiritual ” solution or escape .
We are born in matter , we live in matter , and we die in matter .
Period .
What ’s the “ problem ? ”
That ’s just the way it is .
According to this view , all we can do in the short period of time we have is the best we can .
We must bravely accept our fate and stop looking for supernatural escapes .
In the words of atheist Bertrand Russell : “ Brief and powerless is Man ’s life ; on him and all his race the slow , sure doom falls pitiless and dark .
Blind to good and evil , reckless of destruction , omnipotent matter rolls on its relentless way … ”
Happy thought !
Buddhism — a response to impermanence we can try out right now
Buddhism does n’t see either approach as a solution to the problem of impermanence and to the end of suffering .
It does n’t look to a supernatural god to save us , and it does n’t accept a materialism that says one short material life and final death are all there is .
Rather , it offers us the opportunity to find an end to suffering and a practical solution to problem of impermanence — right here , right now , in our very own lives .
Buddhism does n’t claim we can change the impermanent nature of conditioned , fabricated things .
But it does say that our conscious relationship to impermanence can change .
This change can become so radical and complete that we can not only find total liberation from the suffering that originates in our clinging to impermanent things but final freedom from entrapment in the impermanent .
Starting out in Buddhism , we do n’t have to believe any of this .
We do n’t have to believe in life after death .
We do n’t have to believe Buddhism offers final solutions .
( Though confidence grows with what we can prove for ourselves . )
A continuation of existence after death can never be proved or disproved from this side of death .
And though Buddhism does not agree with materialism , it does n’t ask us to take the idea of ongoing existence on faith .
Nor does Buddhism say we can’t practice unless we believe or understand that we are , effectively , in a situation not unlike that of Groundhog Day — the ( great ) movie where Bill Murray plays a character who has to relive the same day over and over again until he fundamentally changes his nature .
As for the permanence or impermanence of the death experience , each of us will just have to see for ourselves , which each of us ultimately will .
But right now , right here , we can begin our own investigation into the nature of impermanence .
We can discover for ourselves what brings an end to suffering and what brings permanent happiness .
Just maybe the answer to the “ one big problem ” starts with answering the “ little ” problems , like why do I hate , why am I so unhappy , why am I so angry , why do I do things I know are wrong ?
Solve the problem of impermanence from within
So here ’s what Buddhism says .
Cosmically , it ’s Groundhog Day , whether we believe it or not .
At the very least , we can verify this for ourselves : we keep thinking and acting the same way over and over and yet somehow expect things to change .
We do what we always do , think what we always think , feel what we always feel , wake up the next day , and sure enough , the same basic problems are still there .
Doing things that same way and expecting things to change has rightly been called the very definition of insanity .
And frankly , we are all more than a little crazy !
So , here ’s what Buddhism suggests : why not really explore and look deeply into the nature of impermanence .
Not “ out there ” in the physical world , where it is more than obvious .
Rather , it asks us to look within — to find the insight into the nature of the cosmos in our own minds and hearts .
Buddhism asks us to look deeply into the consciousness itself — the only thing that bears witness to impermanence — the only thing that is consciously involved with and enmeshed with impermanent things and suffering .
So , for starters , we learn how to meditate .
We learn how to let our minds grow still and get truly quiet .
With growing concentration and attention , insight arises — what do we see ?
What lasts and what does n’t ?
What ’s impermanent and what is n’t ?
What do we see , moment to moment , as we observe thoughts , feelings , forms , perceptions , without clinging to them ?
What happens when we practice metta , and give out unconditional love to ourselves and to everyone ?
What happens when we hold hate in love , envy in generosity , or fear in the equanimity born of calm insight ?
How solid , real , and permanent are our self - concepts or how we feel about others or the world ?
What I ’ve found out about impermanence
Speaking from my own meditative practice , what I see is that thoughts , feelings , perceptions , and forms arise and then dissolve and pass away .
There ’s nothing to hold on to .
Everything is flux and flow .
In deep concentraton , or samatha , thoughts , feelings , and perceptions pass by like clouds floating in a blue sky .
We can watch them , but we are not them .
This “ big sky ” mind sees and observes yet does not lose itself in the flux and flow of the impermanent .
Looking deeply into that which observes the flux and flow , I do n’t find an “ I ” but I also do n’t find a “ nothing . ”
The thought of “ me ” and “ mine ” is a phantom , but so is the thought of “ no me ” and “ not mine . ”
When things are seen with greatest light and clarity , there is just is - ness — suchness .
And what is has no becoming and does not give rise to stress or suffering .
What ’s more , with this experience of liberation from “ me ” or “ mine ” and “ not me ” and “ not mine , ” something else is evident .
It ’s not the result or effect of letting go of grasping and clinging .
It ’s not the result or effect of anything , so far as I can tell .
It is not even an “ it . ” Isness just is .
And that suchness or isness appears as great love and great compassion and great wisdom .
When one awakens to it , this unconditional and unconditioned love , compassion , and wisdom seem to embrace and interpenetrate everything .
( Or , maybe I ’m finally seeing what ’s been there all along ? )
The sorrows of my heart over the inevitable losses of the world , my own suffering , and the suffering of others , are then held in a place of healing where transformation and liberation can take place .
Unconditional love and a love beyond all conditions
Through meditation and metta ( loving - kindness ) practice , I have begun to experience something ( though it ’s not a “ thing ” or a mere emotion or a feeling or thought ) that is , so far as I can tell , beyond all change and impermanence .
This love and compassion are always there .
Their nature never changes .
But in this liberated , unselfed love , there is no separation between being and doing , between thought and action ; there is just loving .
Yes , sometimes I lose sight of the “ is- ness ” of love ( but that does n’t make such love impermanent , anymore than losing sight of the sun in clouds make the sun impermanent . )
And yes , like anyone , I get caught up in clinging to the impermanent things of world and this inevitably brings suffering .
I have so much to learn and so very many thoughts , feelings , beliefs , and emotions that cause suffering because I cling to them and self - identify with them as “ I ” or “ me ” or “ mine . ”
Truly , the unliberated human mind is a mess !
But I can honestly say that now , no matter what ’s going on , I feel in my heart a transformative love and compassion that are the context and framework for everything , and yet , transcend even that .
Ironically , our heart ’s protest against impermanence can lead us to something permanent and deathless .
The Buddha ’s teaching and practice show us how to open up our hearts and minds , without limit .
Rather than denying or escaping the world ’s suffering , we are here to transform it and use it as a vehicle for liberation , our own and others .
The impermanence of all things is a serious problem .
We all suffer from what the Buddha called anicca .
But we can prove for ourselves that there is a way out of an unending Groundhog Day .
Change can be positive and not just the repetition of ignorance , grasping and delusion .
Any of us can find refuge from impermanence in the liberated mind and heart that do not pass away .
That limitless , open heart is n’t some far off heaven or nirvana .
It can be experienced , in some degree , every day , here and now .
The Buddha taught that every one of us has the capacity to awaken to a love and compassion that depend on nothing outside themselves .
This love and freedom , I suspect , will outlive death itself .
We ’ll see !
In the meantime , there ’s plenty of work to do !
And it begins with ourselves .
My hope is that what I ’ve shared here will encourage you to investigate this path of mindfulness , insight , love , and compassion .
To me , it is the very happiest way to live and it leads to ultimate freedom .
♥♥♥
37.871593 -122.272747
by Brian Urbanek
style= " font - style : italic ; " >
Systems Designer
style= " font - style : italic ; " >
Cryptic Studios
Last time , I talked about the art of baselines , and the expectations of
player progression .
Let 's lunge sideways now over to combat factors .
Do n't worry ; it 'll all come together eventually .
At the top of the last
article , I said that twenty points of energy equals twenty five points
of damage .
Well .
That 's all well and true and accurate , but as I'm
hoping you 're starting to see , it becomes a lot more complicated than
that .
First , energy costs .
Your energy pool does n't grow as you level up
( except for your first few levels ) , it grows as you get talents or gear
that raise your Endurance stat .
Now , in general , that means that yes ,
it is going to raise as you level , but not really at any rate that can
be easily predicted , and many players will never choose to raise it at
all .
After all , we want the choice to raise your Endurance to be an
interesting one , and for a choice to be interesting , it needs to offer
exciting options , but not so good that it 's obviously better than the
alternatives , but also not obviously worse than those other options .
The result of that is pretty simple : no power in the game can ( or , at
least , none SHOULD ... ) have an energy cost over 100 , and energy costs
do n't increase as you level up .
That being said , we already established some other baseline assumptions
that we need to take into account ; specifically , players should find
combat against lower level enemies very easy , and very dangerous
against higher level enemies .
There are other ways to do this , but we
chose the tried and true method of more hit points and bigger damage
numbers .
src= " http://www.tentonhammer.com/image/view/76411/preview " align = " left "
hspace = " 3 " >
First , damage .
Damage scales in basically the same way as
player statistics ; that is , an inflationary model with a 1 % inflation
factor .
There are other ways we could have done it , but by having
matching inflation factors , it makes a lot of other calculations much ,
much easier and cleaner to work with .
When you start having lots of
closely linked baselines growing and shrinking on different curves ,
things can get very out of hand very quickly .
So , okay , now we have a raw damage base that scales from 25 to 250 .
I
picked 30 % as the amount of bonus you can get from your super stats at
" target " value because it generated enough swing to be really visible
and meaningful , but not so much that if you were a bit above or below
the expected stat values you would n't be able to play .
Two super stats
means 60 % net bonus damage , which at level 40 , works out to a nice
round happy 400 .
Of course , damage ( per second ) only has meaning with relation to a
player 's ability to endure that damage .
400 damage per second per
attack on average is amazingly powerful if everyone has 10 hit points ,
and kinda pathetic if everyone has ten million .
This leads us to the
single most important factor you can ever consider when designing a
game , the factor to which all others must bow : time .
In the case of Champions , the original vision was for " fast and
furious " combat .
After much analysis and scientific inquiry , scenes of
people peering through microscopes , experiments with supercoliders ,
orbital vehicles , and some time on the Hubble telescope , we eventually
said " how about twenty seconds ? " , and lo , we had a baseline .
So , twenty seconds of survival versus an enemy ( or enemies ) that
matched our average player in combat yields 8000 hp .
Great !
We 're done !
Was n't that easy ?
Except it 's nowhere near that easy .
First , we have to figure in critical hits .
That adds a few percent to
the damage .
Next is the fact that players can't do constant DPS in
Champions ; they run out of energy and have to build it back up , which
reduces their overall DPS because energy building attacks only do about
30 % of target DPS .
Then there is the fact that we want players to have
a little bit of defense in their gear , which means they do n't need
quite as many hit points .
And , of course , there is the built in small
amount of dodge , factor in X , divide by Y , subtract the price of rice
in China ... and it all works out to about 5,787.656 hp as the
target value at level 40 by which our average player will survive for
exactly 20.0 seconds .
Well , that 's a very precise number , and it 's based on perfectly good
math .
The problem is , the assumptions that fed into that math are
subject to error .
A lot of error .
An amazing amount of error .
How much
defense will players have ?
Did they get a passive defense , or not ?
Have
they got any dodge value on their gear ?
What Role are they using ...
etc , etc .
So , we have a number that we want to know with a high degree of
precision , and we have a lot of numbers feeding into it which we have
very , very low confidence in .
But , because that 's not quite complicated
enough , let 's toss in Constitution .
Constitution raises your hit points
( that makes sense , right ? ) and everybody has at least some .
Unfortunately , not everyone has the same amount ; in fact players could
have as little as ten or as much as 200 + .
Further , the value of a hit
point is n't always the same .
100 more hit points is good ; 100 more hit
points when you have 20 % damage reduction is better .
100 hit points
when you have 80 % damage reduction is really , REALLY good .
In fact ,
it 's just about exactly as good as giving a guy with no damage
reduction at all 500 points .
So , how much value do we want to really
give to Constitution ?
Well , fortunately , there 's another angle that needs to be considered
which actually simplifies the whole issue , which is stat equality .
See ,
I already decided that your stats should get you " about " 60 % bonus
damage .
Well , that 's a percent , but it 's also a flat number .
Like I
said ; it raises your damage per second from 250 to 400 at level 40 .
So ,
it 's not just 60 % , it 's also +150 points per second .
Or , looked at
another way , it 's roughly .4 points of damage per second per point of
stat ( slightly different at every level , going up slightly as you level
up . )
Well , .41 ( amortized average ) * 20 seconds * " defense is more
boring than offense " bonus / assumed armor = a bit over 9 hit points
per point of constitution , round up to 10 .
Push that through the other equations , and we get a value where players
get between 15 % - 35 % of their hit points from their Constitution .
Not
as much of the total as I 'd really have liked , but it keeps Con very
nicely in line with all of the other stats as well as compensating for
the number of unknowns in how many hit points players actually have .
Well , I have about seventeen more chapters that I could write about all
of this , but I 'm already about three times my target word count , so
I 'll just cut it off here with a big TO BE CONTINUED !
Another Hit against the Taliban Pakistan Arrests Germany 's Enemy Number One
The Pakistani intelligence service looks to have arrested yet another top Taliban leader in Pakistan .
Mullah Abdul Salam , who is considered Germany 's most dangerous enemy in northern Afghanistan , was captured while visiting a religious school near Peshawar .
und Shoib Najafizada Von Matthias Gebauer
Get the Echo newsletter - it has never been more important to stay informed Sign me up now Thank you for subscribing
We have more newsletters
Show me See our privacy notice Invalid Email
A WOMAN falsely accused her ex-boyfriend of repeatedly raping her in a " perverted act of revenge " .
Liverpool crown court was told 44 year - old Julie Watts , went to police and made lengthy and detailed rape allegations about former partner John Maguire .
She even told officers that he had regularly used a knife to force her to have sex with him .
Liverpool crown court heard she " thought better of it eventually " and a month later retracted her allegations .
But the court heard that was not the end of Mr Maguire ’s ordeal because prosecutors often see retractions from genuine victims .
The Crown Prosecution Service had to decide whether the prosecution was viable .
The court heard they eventually cleared Mr Maguire two months after Watts originally complained .
He had spent more than three hours in police custody .
Watts , of Flordon , Birch Green , Skelmersdale , was jailed for eight months .
Adrian Evans , defending said Watts bitterly regretted what she had done and had expressed remorse .
He told the court there had been violence and intimidation in the relationship between them .
Judge Brian Lewis told her he accepted that but it " did not begin to justify " her actions .
He said : " By this time the relationship was over .
" This was a perverted act of revenge . "
The judge told the court Mr Maguire did not spend long in custody but would have been " on tenterhooks " – terrified he would be wrongly convicted of very serious offences .
He told Watts : " The real damage is the extent to which your conduct diverts valuable time and resources from real allegations of rape .
" Jurors who come before this court trying genuine , honest allegations of rape find themselves being cynical and disbelieving because they have heard of people like you , who make up these allegations on a whim . "
He told Watts there were genuine complainants who " leave court disappointed " because of the decisions made by such juries .
Watts admitted perverting the course of justice when she made the false allegation to police on March 16 last year .
Although World War II had just ended , the battle for acceptance had just begun .
Roger Shimomura paints a comic book - like representation of his experiences as a Japanese - American living in a country that once labeled him the enemy .
The Museum of Art Exhibit
Shimomura will be on campus Thursday to give a lecture at the opening reception of his exhibit , “ Roger Shimomura : An American Knockoff , ” on display at the Museum of Art Sept. 19 through Dec. 13 .
The reception will begin at 6 p.m. followed by Shimomura ’s lecture at 7 .
His appearance on campus acts as an opener for a series of related exhibits across campus , including photo collections , film screenings , and dramatic performances about the internment of Japanese Americans .
Museum of Art Curators Zach Mazur and Ryan Hardesty collaborated with the CUB Gallery , the Manuscripts , Archives and Special Collections at Holland and Terrell Library ( MASC ) and many others to bring cohesion to the exhibits .
“ It ’s going to be a bold , colorful , exciting show about an American artist who has Japanese descent , ” Mazur said , “ who does artwork based on his struggles growing up with having this experience of being an interned Japanese - American and the struggles of trying to redefine his identity as a Japanese - American . ”
Shimomura uses acrylic paint on canvas to reflect on the Japanese internment , and questions what it means to be American in a postmodernist style .
Museum of Art Director Chris Bruce said he recognized Shimomura ’s work as something unique that WSU has n’t shown before .
“ We look for someone with a very specific kind of niche in art , ” Bruce said .
“ And whenever possible we look for someone who creates beautiful art that also connects with a social or cultural point of view , and he ’s just a master at it . ”
A Seattle native , Shimomura earned his bachelor ’s degree from the University of Washington and his master of fine arts degree from Syracuse University .
He taught at the University of Kansas from 1969 until 2004 .
His artwork is in the permanent collections of the Whitney Museum of American Art , the National Portrait Gallery Smithsonian , and more than 90 other museums , according to his website rshim.com .
Debby Stinson , PR media manager of the Museum of Art , said Shimomura is an American artist born and raised in the U.S .
“ And yet , ” Stinson said , “ When people look at him they see someone who is Asian and they always ask , ‘ Where are you from ? ’ ”
Many of Shimomura ’s paintings feature comic - book versions of himself tackling typical American iconography , or sarcastic interpretations of stereotypes .
Mickey Mouse and Superman make appearances in what Mazur said is an ironic and satirical collection .
“ This show talks about that dichotomy , ” Stinson said .
“ It talks about that duel personality that he has , who he is as Roger Shimomura versus who people see . ”
Shimomura said he does n’t have control over how people interpret his work , but his art came from a personal desire to draw attention to the alienation he felt from his country as a Japanese - American .
“ It ’s not a good feeling to be a citizen of this country but to be perceived as a foreigner , ” he said .
Because he was so young , Shimomura said his memories of his time in the internment camp are limited .
He said his grandmother kept a diary while in the camp and much of his work is inspired by entries she wrote .
“ My first memory of life is my third birthday , ” Shimomura said , “ and that was in camp . ”
He said one of the few scenes he remembers well is walking around and telling everyone that he was now 3 - years - old .
He said he remembers very clearly the extreme weather conditions they were subject to while living in the barracks .
“ I like people to take a second look , ” he said about his art , “ and to think , and look for deeper meaning . ”
He said he knows it ’s easy to be seduced by the bright colors in his paintings , but try to look past them .
“ An artist builds upon his or her past artwork as they develop their career , and so you start to see the process of that creative evolution , ” Mazur said .
Hardesty said the exhibit could be loosely described as a retrospective ; most of the work was created from 2009 to the present , but there are older works to show the development of Shimomura ’s ideas .
“ The exhibit comes ripe with conversations we can have around it with our visitors and students , ” Hardesty said .
Mazur said most students do n’t realize that WSU was one of the first universities to welcome interned Japanese - Americans back to study .
The CUB Gallery
The CUB Gallery brings that fact to light in an exhibit titled “ Heart Mountain , ” opening Oct. 13 .
Kyla Lakin , CUB
Gallery curator , said the exhibit showcases the lives of Japanese - American students at WSU just after the internment camps closed .
“ That ’s really what we wanted to do with this exhibit , ” Lakin said .
“ Educate people on the Japanese internment camps but then also show the student impact . ”
The exhibit will transform one of the CUB display cases into a WSU residence hall room from the late 1940s , including items owned by Japanese - American Cougs from that time .
The mock room will have tracksuits , sweaters and even an ROTC uniform that belonged to a student once interned at Heart Mountain , one of the internment camps in Wyoming .
“ There ’s a cool focus on the students , ” Lakin said .
“ And I think that ’s something the students can relate to . ”
The exhibit was inspired in part by a significant donation of photographs taken from inside the Heart Mountain internment camp .
Among those photos are pictures of Japanese - American students playing in integrated intramural sports and track teams .
“ There were friendships , there were no barriers on these teams , ” Lakin said .
The MASC Exhibit
More than 2,000 pictures were donated from a single private collection .
Patti Hirahara donated photos , as well as her time and funds in planning the exhibits .
The pictures were taken by her father and grandfather who were interned in the Heart Mountain camp from 1943 until 1945 .
“ My father ’s wish was for this collection to go to a good home , ” Hirahara said , “ and with my father entering WSU after he graduated from Heart Mountain High School in 1944 it seemed the perfect place to tell a Washington family ’s story through these photographs at his alma mater of WSU . ”
The George and Frank C. Hirahara collection , “ Memories from Heart Mountain , ” will be on display at the Terrell Library Oct. 6 through 24 .
Trevor Bond , head of MASC at WSU Libraries , said the collection has been a magnet for other alumni and individuals to donate their photos to add to the collection .
“ I think just the candid nature and the range of the photographs , a lot of what we know about life in internment camps comes from government propaganda and government photographers , ” Bond said .
“ But I think having these photographs that were taken by members of the Japanese - American community , there ’s just a certain intimacy and genuineness that you do n’t see in many of the official government photographs . ”
Bond said the photos are unique in their high quality .
Five different documentaries have used photos from the collection including “ Witness : The Legacy of Heart Mountain . ”
Hirahara said the documentary won three Emmy Awards , and a screening of the documentary will take place at 7 p.m. Oct. 15 in the CUB Auditorium followed by a panel discussion .
“ If through these photos we can help educate people about this time in history , ” Hirahara said , “ I feel these photos have served their purpose . ”
A play titled “ Within the Silence ” centers around a teen - aged Japanese - American girl during the time of internment , and will take place at 7:30 p.m. Nov. 13 in the Jones Theatre at Daggy Hall .
Shimomura himself said he found several of his grandmother ’s diary entries did not lend themselves to still art mediums .
The history of Japanese Internment in America will be expressed in a variety of art forms all over campus .
“ The ideal would be that in over a four - year period , the normal college lifespan for a student , ” Bruce said , “ is that you have an experience of different kinds of art and different ways of relating to the world . ”
Access archives of Activision Blizzard 's quarterly financial results .
The information contained in these earning materials , including forward - looking statements , is historical , speaking only as of the date it was made .
We assume no obligation to update any forward - looking statements .
McAllen , Texas ( CNN ) --
Even as the health care debate turns to blood sport in Washington , some analysts say the debate is ignoring one of the leading causes of rising costs : the way health care providers are paid .
" They are rewarded for more services , not better services .
They are rewarded for more care , not better care , " said Dr. Elliott Fisher , a lead researcher for the Dartmouth University Atlas of Health .
" Most of the U.S. health system is paid simply for each service , regardless of the results of that service . "
The result is what Fisher calls a " perverse incentive " to order more medical services .
That may bring a doctor or hospital a healthier bottom line , but it does not provide any better health for patients while driving up costs .
In McAllen , health care spending is growing faster than anywhere else in the country .
When the researchers at the Dartmouth Atlas used Medicare 's most recent numbers to compare health care usage across the country , they found that McAllen spends almost twice as much per beneficiary as the national average .
Many providers use more of everything -- more tests , more hospital stays , more procedures .
SIU Blog : Texas , Pelosi and the doctor bills
McAllen is a small city on the Mexican border in one of the nation 's poorest counties , but the population is not exceptionally sick , according to Dartmouth data .
Nor does all that medicine make them healthier at the end of the day .
" There 's a whole array of services that are delivered in McAllen that patients in other communities are not receiving , " Fisher said .
" And we have no evidence that provision of those additional services yields any particular benefit to those patients . "
In 1992 , Medicare spending in McAllen was under the national average .
But , since then , the business of medicine here has exploded , and Dr. Javier Ramirez has seen the change firsthand .
Ramirez arrived in McAllen 30 years ago and helped to create this county 's first neonatal program .
He believes many doctors here have lost their way .
" You have to care for patients first , and then worry about whether you 're going to make money .
You can not put money before patients , " he said .
Ramirez said many in McAllen 's medical community are doing the opposite -- an assertion that put him on a collision course with one of the area 's newest , biggest hospitals , Doctors Hospital at Renaissance .
Ramirez is now suing the hospital , accusing it of damaging his business and reputation .
Though he is one of its doctor - owners , he says he once was barred from practicing there after complaining about the way the hospital does business .
" For a long time , there was a general staff meeting , there was kind of a law :
You have to refer [ patients ] to doctors that are part of the partnership .
This is your hospital , make it grow , " he said .
And that was n't all , Ramirez said .
He said hospital staffers were ordering tests and procedures he felt were unnecessary for his tiny patients .
" If you have a baby and it 's born with a little elevated temperature or a nurse hears a heart murmur , it immediately gets all these tests done , " Ramirez said .
" It gets no assessment from the physician because they have standing orders .
So all of a sudden you 're increasing the trauma to the patient because you 're doing tests on them -- some of them [ tests ] are baseless , some of them are not .
Also you increase the costs . "
It also increases the amount of money the hospital makes , since higher - cost tests , procedures and facilities are reimbursed at higher rates by insurers .
" The way we pay now , some services are rewarded more than others , " Fisher said .
" And so , hospitals tend to emphasize those kinds of services where they can be sure they 'll make a profit . "
Because of privacy laws , it is hard to determine if all of those babies Dr. Ramirez talks about actually needed the tests or not .
In court documents , the Doctors Hospital at Renaissance denies all of Ramirez 's allegations .
The hospital will not speak on the record about the Ramirez case .
But the hospital 's chief financial officer , Susan Turley , insists that it is patient care , not profit - making procedures , that is the secret of the hospital 's success .
" You keep your employees happy , they want to work here and the finances follow .
And that 's exactly what we do here , " she said .
The hospital does n't bill any more than any other hospital in the region , Turley said .
Doctor 's Hospital at Renaissance has brought cutting edge technology and world - class services to South Texas , including robotic surgery , state - of - the - art radiology , 45 medical specialties and 17 facilities , she said .
What 's hard to imagine is that they 've been able to finance all of this growth and expansion when , according to Turley , 75 percent of their patients are on Medicare or Medicaid .
Turley says the hospital thrives on reinvestment and efficiencies .
But , according to Fisher , hospitals in areas that have the highest health care costs are also thriving from the nation 's health care system -- a pattern he says ultimately can have catastrophic results .
" Health care will not be affordable for the middle class in another 10 years if costs keep growing as they are now , " Fisher said .
" It does n't need to be that way . "
" We can have much better care at much lower costs , " he said , but reaching that goal will require a new way of thinking .
" We are not rewarding what we really want , " he said .
" We 're rewarding people for doing stuff that 's paid well .
What we want to do is pay them well to do the right thing . "
CNN 's Courtney Yager contributed to this report .
Artist Bio
Tony Matthews was born in Ipswich , Suffolk , East Anglia , England on October 4 , 1943 , growing up in Hemel Hempstead , and later in Hitchin , Hertfordshire , England , where his father worked as a Consultant Pathologist at West Herts Hospital .
In his mid-teens , Tony ’s fascination with technical illustration began with drawing simple cutaways and exploded drawings of artillery shells , from cross-sections found in an old set of Encyclopedia Brittanica .
During his final year at Hitchin Boy ’s Grammar School , Tony was introduced to the James A. Allington ( the legendary automotive illustrator ) , by his Careers Master who knew of his artistic abilities and technical drawing skills .
Tony recounts the day he met Allington at his studio : “ I went home with my brain trying to cope with all I ’d seen in his studio , took out a Mills 75 engine and did a cutaway of it .
I took it to him the next day after school and he said “ Yep , pretty good , but you ’ve drawn all your elipses wrong . ”
He then did a little sketch to show me that you have a major and minor axis , and that was it – I was on my way !
But it was years of doing small illustrations before I could contemplate anything large and complicated .
Small illustrations are just as valid as big ones , and can be great fun to do . ”
Tony Matthews on Master Automotive Illustrators
Post # 3 ( ISO ) » Tue Mar 16 , 2010 6:02 pm
Finally , after complaining about them all over the internet , this is what I get I am an independent consultant currently working with ScienceLab.com and I was asked to review your order .
I completely understand your frustration with the process through which you have come through to this point .
With that said , my goal is to help you reach some type of resolution with the company .
Ultimately , I would like to speak with you on the phone in order to prevent any discussion from being lost in translation over email , but before we get to that point I would like to clarify a few points .
Can you confirm your receipt of two ( 2 ) 500 ML units of Propylene Glycol , USP , item number SLP2974 - 500ML ?
Can you confirm receipt of a cashier 's check , Serial # 0082803249 , written for $ 207.83 ?
Can you confirm that the payment initially made for your purchase was made by MasterCard ending in 0977 for the amount of $ 379.58 on April 16 , 2009 ?
Secondary to those confirmations , which I appreciate you making for me , it appears that right off the bat you are still owed $ 35 for a Hazardous Materials fee for a product that was not shipped ; you mentioned in an email that you wanted a refund of $ 473.77 in Canadian dollars .
Would you mind justifying that amount relative to the payment initially made ?
Please understand that I am only asking these questions to clarify your perspective on the matter ; I am not challenging your perspective in any way .
As stated before , I do understand your frustration and hopefully , in the end , some of that frustration can be relieved .
While I have not dealt with your specific issue before today , many of your frustrations in dealing with ScienceLab.com have been addressed since February 1 .
New policies and procedures have been implemented to prevent these types of customer service issues ; and , while I am sure it is quite unlikely that you will ever find the need to call ScienceLab.com again , if you did , I am sure you would have quite a different experience .
I would be more than welcoming of any constructive criticism you might provide in order to help me improve the system .
On a personal note , while the most obvious scapegoat for the blame of your issues and that of some other customers are the owners of the company , as they are ultimately responsible for what happens within the walls of their business , in no way would either have accepted the status of your order had they been truly aware of the situation with your order .
Unfortunately , in the past two years , while each has dealt with a bout with cancer and been mostly out of the office , the office manager abused her privileges and the situation with which the owners were faced .
Granted , that is no excuse , but I do think that type of clarification should have some impact on the public personal postings made by yourself and two other customers .
The internet is a powerful tool for advocating the positive or negative aspects of a company , but personal attacks at an individual 's family or listing their children 's names ( as another unhappy customer did ) is not necessarily the best way to go about getting the desired results .
But , that 's just my opinion and to be honest I hope that if we can resolve this issue from a business standpoint then you might be willing to retract personal information attacks .
It is our responsibility as a company , on the other hand , to responsibly address the concerns you have regarding your experience in dealing with the company .
Thank you for your time in reading this lengthy email , and if you are willing , I hope we can speak on the phone in order to completely resolve this matter at a time that would be most convenient for you .
Applying every scumhunting technique I have learned on this site , this was my reply :
DrippingGoofball catches a live one
The propylene glycol was ( 1 ) at least 40 year old , ( 2 ) is dark amber so Lord only knows it it is propylene glycol , and ( 3 ) it was NOT kept in an amber bottle to protect it from light degradation .
Amateurs know this .
People that " sell " chemicals ought to know better .
I want to be refunded for that so - called propylene that was clearly scavenged from another lab and perhaps mislabeled .
I am a retired molecular biologist , I know what propylene glycol should look like , short chain , long chain , it 's ALWAYS a clear liquid kept in an amber bottle .
$ 473.77 is the amount I was charged in CANADIAN dollars .
The exchange rate has changed .
I want to be refunded the equivalent of $ 473.77 CDN .
Period .
I will not accept a penny less .
Do n't try to short change me .
There is no cashier 's cheque .
That is a JOKE .
And a lie .
You do n't even say what bank it 's from , haha .
First of all , I paid by Master Card , you refund me on MasterCard .
That 's what everyone does .
Not for an instant do I believe that you ever sent me a cashier 's cheque , the very suggestion is absurd .
It takes some nerve to continue lying at this point .
I 'm not sure what changes you 've made to the company , but even after February 1 , no one answers phones or emails at sciencelab.com .
Since you are capable of lying about a fictional cashier 's cheque , you 're probably not beyond lying about the owners having cancer , too .
I do n't believe it .
There 's no cancer .
The shame of being thieves may keep them out of the office - that I believe .
I will continue warning everyone not to purchase from sciencelab.com all over the internet until I receive my full refund in Canadian dollars .
When I receive my money back , I will stop .
However , I will never retract my complaints with your company like you have gotten other people to do .
It should n't ever have come to this .
I should n't need to scream my head off all over the place to get a refund that was owed to me and should have been refunded AUTOMATICALLY a long time ago .
You should have refunded me earlier .
Period .
I will never , ever , bring the owner 's children into this .
I will not harass the owners at home .
I will not cross any legal boundaries .
I will use every public forum and legal avenue for them to be brought to JUSTICE .
So that they stop robbing people .
With the time it took to make up that fake serial number for a phantom cashier 's cheque , you could have refunded me already .
That 's the only thing that will shut me up .
Also , you 're no independent consultant , your phone number is at Sciencelab.com .
Really .
I hope that by now you realize that I 'm no fool .
I do n't want to speak to you on the phone .
I want my money back .
TODAY .
You can call me now , but I 'm leaving in 20 minutes .
And I do n't want to hear any sob stories , or pleading for retraction of my comments .
I want the money .
Nothing else will do .
Fabricating a good fakeclaime takes an eternity .
You work too fast .
DIE SCUM DIE
Lynch time
vote : sciencelab.com
Stay on Top of Enterprise Technology Trends
Get updates impacting your industry from our GigaOm Research Community
According to recent statements by an Icelandic member of parliament , described in a post at Harvard ’s Nieman Journalism Lab blog , that country ’s government plans to put forward legislation on Tuesday that could create an international repository for leaked documents , exposed corporate and government secrets , and other information provided by investigative journalists and whistle - blowers alike .
If that sounds a lot like what the Wikileaks web site does , it should — the founders of Wikileaks have been instrumental in pushing Iceland to make the proposal .
Iceland has been receptive to such ideas because the country ’s economy has been shattered by the recent banking crisis , which many believe was the result of government incompetence and exacerbated by corporate and governmental secrecy .
It led to a change in government and a series of legislative moves to protect whistle - blowers , freedom of information , etc .
It ’s not clear how the Wikileaks founders got in contact with Iceland ’s political representatives , but talks have reportedly been continuing for some time .
Wikileaks has been engaged in a struggle for funding to carry on its non-profit crusade to expose corporate and government corruption and ineptitude , a crusade that has gained a high profile through such incidents as the Trafigura scandal in Britain , the release of thousands of text messages sent during the 9/11 attacks , and a case involving former presidential candidate Sarah Palin ’s email account .
Wikileaks recently said it had received enough financing to continue operating .
On a somewhat ironic note , given the freedom - of - information slant of the news , the Nieman Lab post appears to have broken an embargo on the story to which some other parties had agreed .
Nieman Lab head Josh Benton justifies his decision in a comment on the blog post , saying that : a ) he did n’t agree to any embargo , b ) the information involves a government and is therefore newsworthy and arguably not subject to embargoes , and c ) the information is already widely known .
Although it ’s not clear whether the proposed legislation will be successful in Iceland , the Nieman Lab post says the idea has the support of the leaders of the Left - Green Movement , the Social Democratic Alliance and the Citizen Movement , representing a total of 38 of Iceland ’s 63 parliamentary seats .
In the video below , from the 26th Chaos Communications Congress — an annual hacker conference held in Berlin — two of the founders of Wikileaks describe their vision of what a freedom - of - information haven in Iceland might look like and how it might function as what they call a “ Switzerland of bits . ”
http://www.youtube.com/v/VWNfIvG4z-g&hl=en_US&fs=1&
Post and thumbnail photos courtesy of Flickr user orvaratli
Related content from GigaOM Pro :
As Cloud Computing Goes International , Whose Laws Matter ?
Embarrassment for the Catholic Church Bishop Williamson Unrepentent in Holocaust Denial
Controversial Bishop Richard Williamson continues in his denial of the Holocaust , embarrassing both the Society of St. Pius to which he belongs and the Vatican .
But the SSPX is becoming increasingly powerful despite the controversy and is attracting more and more supporters .
irst , let 's highlight the touching comments from New York 's 28th District Congresswoman .
In a monologue that was truly worth the look on C - SPAN , Slaughter discussed the preexisting conditions problems , especially towards women , in this country .
And as she continued , she gave a perfect example at our insane system 's attack on women that Eric Canter proudly loves .
" You will not believe this and I know you wo n't , but it 's true .
Her sister died .
This poor woman had no dentures .
She wore her dead sister 's teeth , which of course were uncomfortable and did not fit . "
As of now , that is the only video on Youtube that I could find of this jaw - dropping tale that Slaughter shared with America today ( and it had to come from Andy " I will shut down the institutional left " Breitbart of all people ) .
Lucky for me , I would have not been cognizant of Slaughter 's account if I were tune into our cable networks apparently :
Yup .
CNN thought it was worth it to show ad's while MSNBC thought it was essential to have a conversation with none other than Mike Pence !
So , so important was it to cut Slaughter 's comments to do these things , especially interview Mike Pence !
Funny enough , the Fixed nuts did devout attention to Slaughter 's comments than the other channels .
But it sure was n't in a way to highlight our moral problem in America .
based on her story .
Instead , it was used a typical folly on a Democrat :
So how did Fox Nation react to this ?
Yeah .
If I needed another example of how much fail my profession is in this country .
But the media 's failure should n't overshadow Slaughter 's chilling moment delivered today .
It 's another lowlight added to own nation 's health care ugliness , worthy of as much attention as Obama 's smackdown of McCain or how Paul Ryan was for the CBO before he was against it .
I would be an absolute fool through if I held my breath until that deserved spotlight on her comments is noted .
( From TWD , all Summited out after today , Good night to you all )
Update : For Bonus video , here is another great moment from Sheppard Smith , smacking down John Thume and his mendacious self beautifully .
MSNBC says newly released e-mails from Alaska show that Todd Palin , husband of former governor Sarah Palin , was actively involved in a range of state matters such as judicial appointments and contract negotiations with employee unions and even added his approval or disapproval to state board appointments .
Click here to read the full report and to find links to the emails .
MSNBC says the e-mails , released to the news organization under the public records law , " open a curtain on the behind - the - scenes preoccupations of the Palins , particularly the flash points of family and the media , personal finances and state finances . "
MSNBC says that , among other things , the emails show :
The governor coached her staff on how to disguise the amount of electrical work needed at the mansion to hook up her new tanning bed .
Palin and her staff " stewed " over a state agency 's refusal to provide a plane so their children could fly to Todd 's family 's home in Dillingham even though the Palins said it could be justified since they were going to attend a bill signing .
Sarah Palin called the decision " outrageous , " and an aide said it provides " a great excuse to privatize " the governor 's jet service .
The manager of the Palins ' travel schedule searched for a public event to use as justification ( " I just need one " ) to charge the state for an airplane flight for Palin 's daughter , Willow , who made the trip but had missed the event given as its justification .
And were we also the wrong side in the Korean “ War ” , Panama ( Operation Just Cause ) , Grenada ( Operation Urgent Fury ) , Iraq – – – you get the idea .
Has this sort of behavior by the U.S. government — and other governments — become SOP ( Standard Operating Procedure ) ?
And just in case you want a more complete accounting — and you have a bunch of spare time — here ’s a more complete list of United States military operations .
And if you ’re morbidly curious of how many lives these sorts of operations have squandered — and have a strong stomach — you can find out from the University of Hawaii ’s R.J. Rummel .
And , if you ’ve read this far and want to know how much you contribute to this mayhem if you consider yourself a U.S. Taxpayer , the kindly Quaker folks from the Friends Committee on National Legislation have figured that out for you .
( HINT : 43 % of your 2008 tax bill went to pay for “ wars , ” past and present . )
So maybe a donation to antiwar.com might actually be a good investment – – –
P.S. The U.S. Government has n’t declared war according to its charter ( the U.S. Constitution ) since WWII .
So none of those “ Wars ” since WWII were — or are — Constitutional .
Is n’t that cute ?
Hot news about climate change .
The picture rapidly changes as the curtains open on things long hidden .
Slowly the truth comes out , showing that the western world still has a vigorous and free flow of information .
Today we examine 3 stories .
Remember the horrifying Stern Report ?
Watch this story for further developments : past warming exaggerated Quote of the Day , illustrating the political essence of the IPCC
(1) Remember the horrifying Stern Report ?
Increased damage from natural disasters is an important aspect of the climate change story .
Forecasts of massive increases in sea levels , more hurricanes and other natural disasters have been repeated so often that they can be assumed by alarmists — as in this 2 November 2009 Washington Post blognote by Bernard Finel .
That these stories are exaggerated or false does n’t affect their effectiveness as propaganda .
Until the public learns the truth .
And about natural disasters .
This was discussed in The floodgates slowly open and the foreign news media debunk climate change propaganda ( 24 January 2010 ) , with recognition that the Muir - Wood report has been mis-used ( for a summary see “ UN wrongly linked global warming to natural disasters “ , The Times , 24 January 2010 ) .
The effects of this continue to ripple outwards .
Remember the much - hyped Stern Report ( 2006 ) , with its warning of massive impacts on world GDP from climate change ?
( Report , Wikipedia ) Roger Pielke Jr. says “ that as much as 40 % of the Stern Reivew projections for the global costs of unmitigated climate change derive from its misuse of the Muir - Wood et al. paper . ”
He documented this in “ Mistreatment of the economic impacts of extreme events in the Stern Review Report on the Economics of Climate Change “ , Global Environmental Change ( yes , it ’s a peer - revied publication ) , August / October 2007 .
As the media starts debunking climate change propaganda , quietly the UK government has revised their website .
As Pielke Jr notes in What a Tangled Web We Weave , at his website , 24 January 2010 :
As I was preparing this post , I accessed the Stern Review Report on the archive site of the UK government to capture an image of Table 5.2 .
Much to my surprise I learned that since the publication of my paper , Table 5.2 has mysteriously changed !
The figure immediately below shows Table 5.2 as it was originally published in the Stern Review ( from a web archive in PDF ) , and I have circled in red the order - of - magnitude error in hurricane damage that I document in my paper ( the values should instead be 10 times less ) .
…
Now , have a look at the figure below which shows Table 5.2 from the Stern Review Report as it now appears on the UK government archive ( PDF ) , look carefully at the numbers circled in red :
There is no note , no acknowledgment , nothing indicating that the estimated damage for hurricanes was modified after publication by an order of magnitude .
The report was quietly changed to make the error go away .
(2) Watch this story for further developments : past warming exaggerated
“ Leaked Emails Inspired Data Analyses Show Claimed Warming Greatly Exaggerated and NOAA not CRU is Ground Zero “ , Joseph D’Aleo ( President ) , International Climate and Environmental Change Assessment Project ( ICECAP ) , undated .
Here ’s a summary of the above report : “ Climategate : CRU Was But the Tip of the Iceberg “ , Marc Sheppar , American Thinker , 22 January 2010 .
This is an interesting analysis , but at this point nothing more .
The foundation is sound , the known massive decrease in reporting stations in the major global surface temperature datasets ( most are still there and reporting ) : .
For some background on this see :
“ Weather Stations Disappearing Worldwide “ , Anthony Watts , Watts Up with That , 6 March 2008
“ How bad is the global temperature data ? “ , Joseph D’Aleo ( meteorologist ) , Watts Up with That , 13 October 2009
“ What would it take ? “ , Jeff Id , The Air Vent , 22 January 2010 —
The trivial cost of having a high - quality surface temperature measurement network
A picture tells the story ( from Id ’s 22 January post above ) :
(3) Quote of the Day , illustrating the political essence of the IPCC
Excerpt from “ Glacier scientist : I knew data had n’t been verified “ , Daily Mail , 24 January 2010 :
The scientist behind the bogus claim in a Nobel Prize - winning UN report that Himalayan glaciers will have melted by 2035 last night admitted it was included purely to put political pressure on world leaders .
Dr Murari Lal also said he was well aware the statement , in the 2007 report by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) , did not rest on peer - reviewed scientific research .
In an interview with The Mail on Sunday , Dr Lal , the co-ordinating lead author of the report ’s chapter on Asia , said : ‘ It related to several countries in this region and their water sources .
We thought that if we can highlight it , it will impact policy - makers and politicians and encourage them to take some concrete action .
‘ It had importance for the region , so we thought we should put it in . ’
Key background information about this , not widely known : the global temperature changes .
Not just the present temperatures , but past temperatures change as well .
For a brief introduction to this , see Rewriting History , Time and Time Again , Climate Audit , 6 April 2008 .
For more information from the FM site
Reference pages about other topics appear on the right side menu bar , including About the FM website page .
Of special relevance to this topic are :
Afterword
Please share your comments by posting below .
Per the FM site ’s Comment Policy , please make them brief ( 250 word max ) , civil and relevant to this post .
Or email me at fabmaximus at hotmail dot com ( note the spam - protected spelling ) .
With Italy hoping to be awarded the Euro 2016 tournament in a few months time , it says it is taking serious measures to crack down on racism in football .
But , as Emma Wallis reports from Rome , there is plenty of evidence the phenomenon is still rife on the terraces - and even on the pitch .
Mario Balotelli has become a hate figure for some Italian fans Mario Balotelli - or Super Mario , as he is known by fans of Inter Milan - knows that as well as anyone .
The black striker , who is an Italian citizen , has become a target of racist abuse wherever he plays .
Juventus fans taunted him so viciously the club was fined and forced to play a match behind closed doors .
" Racist hooligans have a problem with themselves and with society , it 's not Mario's problem , " says Cristina Balotelli , the 19 - year - old striker 's older sister .
" How would you feel if you had to listen to racist comments ? " she asks .
" Anyone would be angry , and shocked .
" He [ Mario ] is disgusted , I believe .
Those [ racists ] should be sent home . "
Balotelli is determined to overcome the hostility .
Born to Ghanaian parents but adopted by Italians , he has so far turned down appeals to play for Ghana and has set his sights on a place in the Italian team .
Ms Balotelli is not the only one to think that sometimes the football authorities in Italy do not do enough to enforce their zero - tolerance policy towards racism .
Daniela Conti , an anti-racist campaigner for UISP , Italy 's sport - for - all organisation , explained that her organisation sends letters to all the clubs in Italy 's top leagues regarding anti-racist projects .
Usually , they get no response .
Only three big teams have active anti-racist campaigns , Ms Conti says : Sampdoria and Siena in Serie A , and Hellas Verona in Serie C1 .
Reaching out Ms Conti says it is not good enough for clubs simply to declare themselves anti-racist .
Casteltodino walked off the pitch when a black player was abused Projects should come from the grass roots .
The most devoted fans - known in Italy as Ultras - should be encouraged to paint their own anti-racist banners , she says .
Clubs should be reaching out to the community , she adds , going into schools and getting their players to talk about racism .
" It 's about a two pronged attack , education and social action as well as fines and repression , " says Ms Conti .
In January , Interior Minister Roberto Maroni called for referees to be given powers to stop matches if racism reared its ugly head .
The Italian football federation ( FIGC ) responded by saying that their referees already had a lot to do , and it should be up to police at the match to call it off if necessary .
Make a stand Near the Umbrian town of Terni a few weeks ago , a small amateur team , ASD Nuova Casteltodino , made national headlines when the whole team walked off the pitch after one of their two players of Nigerian origin was called a " dirty Negro " by an opposition player .
Venturi says his two black players are ' 200 % Italian ' Club Secretary Francesco Ribeca compared their struggle to the American civil rights movement .
" You might think that we do n't count , but if you think of Rosa Parks in America and how that one gesture of sitting down on a bus sparked a whole civil rights movement , we felt we had to make a stand too , " he said .
" Even if we manage to change just a few people 's minds that will be a huge success for us .
We threw away a football result to get a result for society . "
Club President Maurizio Venturi said the insult was the fourth such incident this season .
He sees the two brothers Narcisio and Emeka , who were born in Italy to Nigerian parents , as " 200 % Italian " .
Unfortunately , many in Italy do not think the same .
Minefield
One of the favourite chants for racist fans is : " There are no black Italians " .
Emeka says it is difficult for black Italians to integrate fully
But this assertion is increasingly being proved wrong .
In Italy , citizenship is still about having Italian blood , and is not dependent on where individuals were born .
For those born in Italy to non-Italian parents , there is a long and complicated bureaucratic process at the age of 18 to request Italian citizenship .
While Narcisio is Italian in the eyes of the law Emeka , at 25 , is still waiting to gain his citizenship .
He shrugs off racism as something that happens , admitting that in Italy , black people are still " treated like outsiders and it's difficult to integrate fully " .
" But you have to go on with life , " he adds .
In a country where Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi famously described US President Barack Obama as " tanned " , it is perhaps not surprising that tackling racism is a minefield .
Writer Francesco Pacifico says the concept of racism is different in Italy .
He says it is difficult to eradicate racist attitudes because " in Italy there is no notion of a few rotten apples ... we 're all rotten apples " .
" Everything is so blurred and impossible to reform in a way , and authorities of all kinds know that .
That left - wing spirit which just wants to do as if we were a northern European country is misled , because that is not the reality . "
Casteltodino 's Francesco Ribeca says that with the economic interests of top flight football , the " money factories " of Serie A would probably not be favourable to stopping matches every time a racist insult was hurled .
Seen in this light , perhaps it is easier to understand why it is so rare for teams like Casteltodino to stand up to be counted in Italy 's anti-racist struggle .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Hi Guys
The next system software update for PS3 will be available very soon .
Update 3.15 is an optional update and has two key features which are explained below –
‘ minis ‘ come to PS3 :
We launched minis for PSP back in October but from the 17th December you will be able to enjoy these bite size games on your PS3 as well as your PSP .
This firmware update allows the minis emulator to work on PS3 and we are working on getting the majority of the current minis ready for the PS3 from the 17th December .
Check out great titles like ‘ Blast off ’ ( 8.5/10 – IGN ) , ‘ Fieldrunners ’ , “ a wonderfully crafted casual nugget ” ( 8/10 – Eurogamer ) or ‘ Kahoots ’ , “ a must - buy ” ( 8/10 – Videogamer ) .
If you buy a minis game from the 17th it will work on both platforms so if you have a PS3 and a PSP you will only need to buy it once and it will be available to download to your PS3 and your PSP .
If you have already bought a mini for PSP and want to get it on your PS3 as well , just go to your download list in the Store and download it again for free .
The game will then work on your PS3 as well .
PS3 Data Transfer :
This feature enables you to transfer all of your saved data from one PS3 to another .
So if you decide to get a new PS3 you can make sure you do n’t loose any of your existing content .
Content such as games , game save data , and videos downloaded from PlayStation Network can be transferred to the new PS3 system and deleted from the current PS3 .
Other content , including personal media files ( photos , music , videos ) , can be copied onto the new PS3 and remain on the current PS3 system .
Look forward to your comments and will reply to as many questions as I can .
Thanks
James
SAN FRANCISCO  Burdened by debt from a 2005 private equity takeover , the Uno pizzeria chain 's parent company filed for Chapter 11 protection Wednesday , with plans to give its lenders a controlling equity stake in exchange for debt .
Privately owned Uno Restaurant Holdings Corp. said a majority of its bond holders had agreed to convert $ 142 million in senior secured debt into a 96 % equity stake in the reorganized company .
That conversion is part of a prearranged restructuring the company hopes a bankruptcy judge will approve .
CEO Frank Guidara said the company does n't expect its restaurants ' to be disrupted .
" Our goal is to get on the other side of our balance sheet problem , and this is going to get us there , " Guidara told The Associated Press about the bankruptcy filing .
Investment firm Centre Partners Management owns a majority stake in Uno , which took on $ 142 million in debt to consolidate the chain 's ownership in 2005 .
The need to refinance that debt drove the chain to file for bankruptcy .
Uno's Chairman Aaron Spencer still owns 20 % , the company reported in court filings .
Under the proposed plan , both his stake and Centre Partners ' interest in the chain will be eliminated with the rest of the existing shares , though Spencer and other owners will end up with some equity .
Centre Partners , based in New York , also has investments in radio station owner Maverick Media LLC ; technology venture capital fund Palisades Ventures LP ; household cleaning supplies maker Quickie Manufacturing Corp . ; and seafood company Connors Bros. LP .
Other portfolio companies sell coffee , dispose of waste and provide health care .
Casual dining chains like Uno's have struggled during the recent downturn as high unemployment and tightened credit have kept their usual customers at home .
With the proposed restructuring , Guidara said the company could emerge from court protection in 90 days to 120 days .
Uno's , based in Boston , filed its bankruptcy petition in the U.S. Bankruptcy Court in the Southern District of New York .
A Chapter 11 filing is designed to help a business restructure debt and otherwise cut costs to emerge as a standalone company .
The first Uno's opened in 1943 in Chicago .
Spencer , the current chairman , opened the first Boston location in 1979 and started expanding the chain in the mid-1980s , according to the company website .
Uno has negotiated a $ 52 million loan to fund operations while it is under court protection .
It also will need to secure an exit loan before it can emerge .
Copyright 2010 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
' Bonanza ' for drug firms as NHS admits it is giving away £ 1 billion of swine flu vaccine
Flu jabs : Millions are unused
Millions of doses of swine flu vaccine are to be given away - at a possible cost of £ 1 billion .
Some 132 million doses of the jab were ordered at the height of the scare about a worldwide pandemic .
But this has proved to be a colossal miscalculation - and millions of doses are lying unwanted .
The original order was enough for two doses for everyone in Britain .
It was placed last May as ministers and chief medical officer Sir Liam Donaldson predicted 20 million people would contract swine flu and 65,000 might die .
Last night the Government admitted the excess may be given or sold off to the Third World .
Critics said the move ' beggared belief ' and represented a ' bonanza ' for drug firms .
Some 29 million doses of the flu vaccine have arrived so far - but fewer than four million have been used and a further 100 million are on the way .
Many have shunned the jab over safety fears and others have not bothered because
symptoms have been mild .
Now ministers are considering sending them to Third World nations without stockpiles of their own or breaking them up and recycling their ingredients for other vaccines .
Although the cost of the deal has been kept under wraps , other countries have paid up to £ 9 a dose , taking the money raised as high as £ 1.2 billion .
But taxpayers stand to lose up to £ 1 billion if the two firms involved hold the Government to its contracts .
Although one contract has a break - clause , there is no opt- out in that with British company GlaxoSmithKline , which has the lion 's share of the order .
The Government first signed contracts after bird flu emerged in South East Asia four years ago .
As swine flu spread from Mexico last Spring the Government instituted crisis measures .
It warned of deaths running into tens of thousands , set up a special advice line and website , suspended normal rules so anti-flu drugs could be given out without prescription and told health and local authorities to prepare for a major pandemic .
Planners were told to get morgues ready for the sheer scale of deaths and there were warnings that the Army could be called in to prevent riots as people fought to obtain drugs .
A special deal was drawn up with GPs to pay them for giving out the vaccine and an expensive advertising campaign launched to encourage its take - up .
Of Britain 's 29 million doses so far , 15 million have been distributed to GPs - but a fraction of those have been used .
Latest figures show that just one in three of those eligible for the jab have had it - a figure that falls to one in five among pregnant women .
In addition , the relatively mild nature of the pandemic means that plans to vaccinate the population as a whole have been shelved .
Research showing that one dose of the drug enough protect against the disease means the pile of unused vaccines has grown even further .
Other countries are in a similar position and France , Germany and Holland have started to sell excess stock .
Last night , Professor David Salisbury , the Government 's head of immunisation , said negotiations were under way over the Glaxo contract .
Mark Wallace , of the Taxpayers '
Alliance , said : ' It beggars belief that they failed to put in place a break clause on such a big contract .
They were right to obtain the vaccine but it seems they have got taxpayers in a bit of a pickle . '
Liberal Democrat health spokesman Norman Lamb said : ' This is bonanza time for the drug companies ' .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement A 22 - year - old tea drinking mallard , thought to be one of the oldest recorded living ducks , has died .
Edwina was rescued by Ian Knight and Christine Christopher two decades ago after she was almost pecked to death by her family .
The couple , from Ringwood , Hampshire , initially called her Edward but changed her name when she started to lay eggs .
Mr Knight said Edwina , who died on Monday , had been buried in their garden under an ornamental duck as a memorial .
Sea -duck
He said that when he first discovered Edwina she was being attacked by her family as she was the " runt of the litter " .
The family rescued her , but when Mr Knight attempted to release her back into the wild she followed him home and had lived with the family ever since .
Edwina also became fond of tea and toast , which she would have for breakfast in the family home where she spent time living in the garden and garage .
Mr Knight told BBC
News the family was " devastated " .
" She was n't well over Christmas because of the cold spell we have been having and her legs became a bit wobbly .
" We were going to take her to the vet after the holidays but we found her inside her little house .
Edwina was saved as a duckling from being killed by her family " It was going to happen eventually but it 's like losing one of your family , I have had her since she was only a few days old . "
Edwina was buried in the family 's garden in a box , with an ornamental duck placed on top of her final resting place as a memorial .
The British Trust for Ornithology ( BTO ) said the oldest known wild mallard in the UK is 20 years and five months .
The oldest known wigeon stands at 34 years , the oldest gadwall at 21 and the oldest teal at just over 18 years .
But the oldest wild duck on record is a sea- duck called Eider at 35 years and six months .
The birds ' ages have been calculated through the BTO 's ringing scheme .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Pc Ian Terry was married with two children A firearms officer who fatally shot a colleague in the chest had been told to keep his gun pointed down during the training exercise , an inquest heard .
The officer who shot Pc Ian Terry , 32 , earlier said he acted " instinctively " , as Greater Manchester Police 's firearms unit practised in a disused factory .
The ammunition used to kill Pc Terry , in 2008 , was only to be shot at a person if " there was a threat to life " .
Pc Terry was not wearing body armour , Coroner Nigel Meadows told the inquest .
The father - of - two , from Burnley in Lancashire , was shot at close range while holding an empty gun , as he played the role of an armed robber fleeing in a car .
The specialist firearms officer who shot him cannot be named for legal reasons , but is to be referred to as Chris throughout the five - week inquest .
Fatal shot Chris shot his fellow colleague with a single shot of Round Irritant Personnel ( RIP ) ammunition , the hearing was told .
He was using a pump action shotgun at the time and was a foot away from Pc Terry when he fired the fatal shot .
Throughout the training exercise , the inquest heard , the 20 officers taking part were told to keep their guns pointed down and aim only for the car 's tyres .
Chris said he acted instinctively to the threat of the gun from Pc Terry
Coroner Nigel Meadows
The aim of the specialist firearms officers was to burst the tyres of Pc Terry 's " getaway " car and then pull the " suspects " out of the vehicle .
Mr Meadows outlined what happened shortly before the shooting .
He said : " Pc Terry extended his left hand through the window of the vehicle .
Chris approached from the rear and held up his firearm to cover the vehicle and the occupants .
" At some point Chris removed the safety catch as he approached the vehicle .
" He approached with the shotgun and he fired it at Pc Terry from about a foot from his body .
" The shot struck him on the left side of his chest . "
It was the first time Chris had played the role of an officer intent on demobilising the " getaway car " .
Other officers were using weapons which fired paintballs .
The commander of the operation - under the pseudonym Francis - " had told the officers that there would be a shoot scenario which would involve a vehicle and the occupants and that they would have unloaded guns , " Mr Meadows said .
" He also said the shotgun should only be used to deflate the tyre and to be pointed down at all times .
" Francis said he asked the group whether they understood the instructions and they replied they did . "
Shooting ' unintended '
However , Mr Meadows said that Chris , who had been interviewed shortly after the shooting , said he was not aware he was in a shoot scenario .
He was interviewed at the site of the training exercise in a disused warehouse in Newton Heath , Manchester .
Mr Meadows told the hearing : " Chris said he acted instinctively to the threat of the gun from Pc Terry , although it was appreciated it was a training exercise .
" He later told the Independent Police Complaints Commission that he acted by instinct and had not intended to shoot a colleague . "
Despite first aid at the scene , Pc Terry died later in hospital .
A similar exercise was held a week before but no shots were fired because one of the officers involved did not want to be shot by paintball .
Giving evidence , Ch Insp Alan Wood , said : " Officers were trained never to point a firearm at anyone and never to put the finger on the trigger , unless it was justified in both cases . "
Before the inquest at Manchester Civil Justice Centre , Mr Meadows said that at least 26 officers would be granted anonymity .
The hearing continues .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Everything changes with time and companies are no exception .
Big corporations need to keep up with the times not only by changing their policies and products but also by polishing and modernizing their appearance .
Relating to the customers is , in part , the purpose of a company ’s logo .
For example , I think we can agree the first Apple logo showing a picture of Sir Isaac Newton or the old Pepsi logo looking nothing like it does now , might not have been the best ideas .
Today there are many corporations , products , brands , services , agencies and other entities using an ideogram ( sign , icon ) or an emblem ( symbol ) or a combination of sign and emblem as a logo .
However , only a few ideograms people see are recognized without a brand name , such as the famous Nokia or Starbucks logo .
Let ’s look at the history of logos for the most well - known companies such as Ford , Google , Firefox and others .
If you are a designer , you will learn a lot from their mistakes and the resulting long path towards improvements until they ’ve reached the final design .
If you are just an ordinary consumer – do n’t worry , this is one history lesson that is very entertaining , and you can even impress your friends by sharing the history of the Nike logo .
Scroll through Bored Panda ’s logo evolutions list below .
Pepsi Logo Evolution
( via boredpanda )
Manufactured and marketed by PepsiCo , it was first developed and produced in the early 1890 ’s by Caleb Bradham , a pharmacist in New Bern , North Carolina labeled as “ Brad ’s drink ” .
In 1898 , Bradham renamed his drink into “ Pepsi - Cola ” .
In 1898 , Bradham used a scribbled logo script as the first Pepsi logo to brand the product .
When his business got established and people started enjoying his drink , Bradham decided to modify the Pepsi logo into a more customized version of the previous logo script .
Thus , in 1905 , a modified script logo was introduced , followed by a second change in Pepsi logo in 1906 with the inclusion of the slogan , “ The Original Pure Food Drink ” , in it .
By 1943 , the Pepsi logo adopted a “ bottle cap ” look that included the slogan , “ Bigger Drink , Better Taste ” .
Later , in 1962 , the Pepsi logo was replaced with two bulls - eye marks encircling “ Pepsi ” , and then again in 1973 , into a boxed Pepsi logo with minor typeface changes .
In 1991 , Pepsi commemorated the evolution of its scripted Pepsi logo by featuring a logo design with an italic capital typeface .
Later at the company ’s 100 years celebration in 1998 , Pepsi-Cola unveiled a new logo that symbolized the brand ’s innovation and global recognition .
( Read more : here and this pdf )
Response to the New Pepsi Logo
( bamboo for blowatlife.blogspot.com via boredpanda )
Coca -Cola Logo Evolution
( via boredpanda )
Coca -Cola was first served in 1886 and even then , the first official logo of Coca - Cola was not the script logo .
It first appeared in the Atlanta Journal Constitution in 1886 as both a slab serif and chunky sans serif – it was n’t until mid-1887 that Frank Robinson , Coca - Cola ’s bookkeeper , drew the first traces of the Spencerian script logo that we all know .
For the first ten to twenty years , you could probably find a dozen different executions of the Coca - Cola script as the logo was probably drawn over and over for different applications .
It is n’t until the 1930s and 1940s that a clear interpretation of the logo appears and is used consistently .
During the late 1950s and early 1960s , the script logo is placed within a shape , referred to as the “ fishtail ” logo , which is as off - brand as anything that Coca - Cola has ever done .
In 1960 ’s the wave was introduced , a ubiquitous visual today , when Lippincott Mercer was in charge of making the Coca - Cola identity more consistent .
“ New Coke ” introduced in 1985 had a new formula marketing and its own set of logos – that completely ignored the script logo – that left a bad taste in their consumers ’ mouths .
Around the same time , in 1986 , Landor began rolling out an even more developed brand identity that modified the wave among other subtle changes .
Today ’s Coca - Cola logo is amazingly similar to what it was 124 years ago .
( Read more : here )
Apple Logo Evolution
( via boredpanda )
The original logo was designed by Ron Wayne , who started Apple with Jobs and Woz in 1976 .
In 1977 White sold his portion of Apple back to Jobs and Woz when they incorporated .
The image is a pen and ink illustration of Sir Issac Newton leaning against an apple tree with a portion of a William Wordsworth poem running around the border : “ Newton … A mind forever voyaging through strange seas of thought … alone ” ( Prelude , Book III , Residence at Cambridge )
Steve Jobs decided to scrap this image because he felt that Wayne ’s logo was too cerebral and not easily reproduced at small sizes .
In 1977 , with Wayne gone from the company , Jobs turned to the Regis McKenna Advertising Agency to produce a new , more iconic logo .
After several attempts and variations ( and a ton of money spent ) , the result was the most iconic of all Apple logos .
The Rainbow Apple logo .
When Jobs returned to Apple in 1997 , the company was bleeding money , and Jobs and Co. realized that the Apple logo could be leveraged to their advantage .
Placing a large rainbow Apple logo on top of the original Bondi Blue iMac , for example , would have looked silly , childish , and out of place .
Not exactly the direction Jobs wanted to lead Apple in .
So instead of placing a somewhat minuscule rainbow - colored Apple logo on its products , Apple began placing sizeable and Monochrome styled logos on its products .
( Read more : here and here )
Nike Logo Evolution
( via boredpanda )
The Swoosh logo was designed by Carolyn Davidson in 1971 – “ a graphic design student that Phill Knight met while teaching an accounting class at Portland State University to supplement his then - fledgling business .
He paid a grand total of $ 35 !
Phill never liked the logo but stuck onto it quoting “ I do n’t love it , but it ’ll grow on me ” .
12 years later in 1983 , Davidson got an invitation to lunch by Nike where Knight surprised her with a gold Swoosh ring embedded with diamond and an envelope containing Nike stock .
Shell Logo Evolution
( via boredpanda )
Since first appearing in the early 1900s , the Shell logo has moved from a realistic rendering of a pecten , or scallop shell , to today ’s bold shape with distinctive colors .
Both the word “ Shell ” and the Pecten symbol may have been suggested to Marcus Samuel and Company ( original founders ) by another interested party .
A certain Mr Graham ( of apparent Scottish origins ) imported Samuel ’s kerosene into India and sold it as “ Graham ’s Oil ” .
He became a director of The “ Shell ” Transport and Trading Company , and there is some evidence that the Shell emblem was taken from his family coat of arms .
It was around 1915 when the rendering allowed for easier reproduction , shown in the 1930s symbol above .
Colour first appeared with the construction of Shell ’s first service stations in California .
Not only did Red and yellow help
Shell stand out , but they ’re also the colors of Spain , where many early Californian settlers were born .
Perhaps by displaying Spanish colors , it was hoped an emotional bond would be created .
From the 1950s onwards , the icon became more and more simplified , improving recognition and memorability .
The 1971 logo , which is still used today , was designed by the French - born Raymond Loewy , who also created logos for BP and Exxon .
( Read more : here )
IBM Logo Evolution
( via boredpanda )
The company which became IBM was founded in 1896 as the Tabulating Machine Company by Herman Hollerith , in Broome County , New York ( Endicott , New York , where it still maintains very limited operations ) .
It was incorporated as Computing Tabulating Recording Corporation ( CTR ) on June 16 , 1911 , and was listed on the New York Stock Exchange in 1916 .
IBM adopted its current name in 1924 when it became an international manufacturing company .
The logo that was used from 1924 to 1946 .
The logo is in a form intended to suggest a globe , girdled by the word “ International ” .
The logo that was used from 1947 to 1956 .
The familiar “ globe ” was replaced with the simple letters “ IBM ” in a typeface called “ Beton Bold . ”
The logo that was used from 1956 to 1972 .
The letters “ IBM ” took on a more solid , grounded and balanced appearance .
In 1972 , the horizontal stripes now replaced the solid letters to suggest “ speed and dynamism . ”
This logo ( in two versions , 8 - bar and 13 - bar ) , as well as the previous one , was designed by graphic designer Paul Rand .
( Read more : here )
Canon Logo Evolution
( via boredpanda )
The origin of today ’s world - famous brand Canon can be traced in Precision Optical Instruments Laboratory that was established back in 1933 .
The first set of cameras was manufactured as a part of a business trial and these early birds were named Kwanon after the Buddhist Goddess of Mercy .
Now , this Goddess was the possessor of thousand arms and spat flames .
From the very beginning , the company worked with an ambition of reaching out to the outer world and as such the company wanted to adopt a name that will be accepted globally .
With this intention , the company name was changed from Kwanon to Canon and it was registered as the logo trademark name of the company in the year 1935 .
( Read more : here )
Nokia Logo Evolution
( via boredpanda )
In 1865 , Engineer Fredrik Idestam established a wood pulp mill on the banks of the TammerKoski rapids in the town of Tampere , in southern Finland .
Later in 1868 , he built the second mill by the Nokianvirta River , which gave the Nokia its name .
In 1871 , Idestam and his friend Leo Mechelin , renamed and transformed the firm into a share company , thereby founding the Nokia Company .
The first logo of Nokia was created in 1966 showing the image of a fish .
This image should be inspired by the salmon fish of Nokianvirta River .
In 1898 , Eduard Polon founded the Finnish Rubber Works , which later became Nokia ’s rubber business .
The new company tried producing many products like papers , bicycle , car tires , footwear , communication cables , electricity generation pieces of machinery , televisions , aluminum , capacitors , and lot more .
In 1967 , three companies , which were jointly owned since 1922 by Nokia , officially merged and created Nokia Corporation .
After the merger , Nokia Corporation adopted the logo which was all black rounded shape emblem , in which “ Nokia ” was written in white .
At the start of its telecommunication equipment manufacturing , Nokia adopted the logo which was quite similar to the current one , but with the light blue color and the arrow - like shape pointing upward .
The arrow in the logo represents Nokia ’s progress and advancement in the telecommunication industry .
( Read more : here )
Starbucks Logo Evolution
( via boredpanda )
Il Giornale was the espresso cafe Howard Schultz opened up in 1986 after failing to convince the original owners of Starbucks to focus on serving espresso beverages .
By 1987 , the two remaining original owners of Starbucks decided to sell the business and Howard jumped at the chance to buy Starbucks and remake it into the espresso bar concept he had just begun at Il Giornale .
“ To symbolize the melding of the two companies [ Il Giornale and Starbucks ] and two cultures , Terry [ Heckler ] came up with a design that merged the two logos .
We kept the Starbucks siren with her starred crown but made her more contemporary .
We dropped the tradition - bound brown , and changed the logo ’s color to Il Giornale ’s more affirming green . ”
( Read more : here )
FedEx Logo Evolution
( via boredpanda )
An interesting case is the refinement of the FedEx logo , where the brand consultants convinced the company to shorten their corporate name and logo from “ Federal Express ” to the popular abbreviation “ Fed Ex ” .
Besides creating a shorter brand name , they reduced the amount of color used on vehicles ( planes , trucks ) and saved hundreds of thousands of dollars in paint costs .
Also , the right - pointing arrow in the new logo is a subliminal hint of motion .
Playboy Logo Evolution
( via boredpanda )
Art Paul was working as a freelance designer when he in 1953 was contacted by Playboy founder Hugh Hefner who needed a logo for his new magazine .
He created the now famous rabbit wearing a tuxedo bow tie .
Paul went on to design the whole first edition of the magazine and was hired by Hefner as Playboy ’s first art director in 1954 , a position he held for 30 years .
Playboy magazine claims it once received a letter at its Chicago , Illinois offices with its distinctive “ bunny ” logo as the only identifying mark , appearing where the mailing address normally appears .
Walmart Logo Evolution
( via boredpanda )
Google Logo Evolution
( via boredpanda )
Microsoft Logo Evolution
( via boredpanda )
Volkswagen Logo Evolution
( via boredpanda )
Firefox Logo Evolution
( via boredpanda )
Adobe Logo Evolution
( via boredpanda )
Audi Logo Evolution
( via boredpanda )
BMW Logo Evolution
( via boredpanda )
WWF Logo Evolution
( via boredpanda ) ( Other sources : 1 2 3 )
Why The Media Seems Biased When You Care About The Issue
Research shows both pro-Arabs and pro-Israelis watching the same news reports think it is biased against their own side .
The media may well be biased , in fact it would be a miracle if it were permanently and perfectly balanced , that is n’t what this post is about .
Instead this is about how you and I perceive the presence or absence of bias in the media .
This study , conducted in the 1980s , helps to explain a lot of the heat and light that gets produced by those commenting on media bias across the political spectrum , including the remarkably vitriolic outpourings often seen in the comment sections of newspaper websites and across the internet .
The Beirut massacre
Robert P. Vallone and colleagues from Stanford University invited 144 Stanford undergrads who held a variety of views on the continuing Arab - Israeli conflict to watch some of the news coverage of the Beirut massacre ( Vallone et al. , 1985 ) .
The Beirut massacre was the killing of between 328 and 3,500 Palestinian and Lebanese civilians by Lebanese militia forces in September 1982 .
At the time the story received huge media coverage around the world with much speculation about whether Israeli forces had allowed it to happen ( a subsequent commission held the Israeli government indirectly responsible ) .
Some of the participants recruited for the study were moderate in their initial views , others were specifically recruited from both the pro-Arab and pro-Israeli student associations .
Each was asked for their views about the conflict , its history and where their sympathies lay .
Here ’s what they found :
68 were pro-Israeli ,
27 were pro-Arab ,
49 had mixed feelings .
All the participants then watched a series of news segments taken from US networks ( NBC , ABC and CBS ) .
Afterwards they were asked to rate whether overall it was for or against Israel .
They used a scale of 1 ( heavy pro-Arab bias ) to 9 ( heavy pro-Israel bias ) where a rating of 5 was fair and impartial .
The results
Here are the average ratings for the news coverage from each group :
Pro-Israeli : 2.9 ( perceived a marked pro-Arab bias )
Neutral : 3.8 ( perceived a slight pro-Arab bias )
Pro-Arab : 6.7 ( perceived a marked pro-Israeli bias )
As you can see the pro-Israeli participants thought the news reports were biased against Israel while the pro-Arab participants thought the news reports were biased against Arabs .
This is impressive because everyone was watching exactly the same news reports .
Even more surprising was that each thought that when someone neutral saw the coverage , it would persuade them to side with the opposite position .
Notice that those who claimed to be neutral thought the coverage had a slight pro-Arab bias .
This could be a hint of actual media bias or could be just an unacknowledged bias in those initially declaring themselves neutral .
Causes of the hostile media phenomenon
The study demonstrates what the authors call the ‘ hostile media phenomenon ’ : people ’s tendency to view news coverage about which they hold strong beliefs as biased against their own position .
There were two mechanisms at work here :
The truth is black and white : partisans generally thought that the truth about the Arab - Israeli debate was black and white .
Any hint of shades of grey in the news reports was interpreted by partisans as bias towards the other side .
In other words : any balanced report will seem biased to partisan viewers .
The news report was too grey : as well as thinking the Arab - Israeli issue was either black or white , partisans also perceived that the specific news report they watched was too grey .
Put simply : when we care about an issue , we tend not to notice all the points we agree with , and focus on the ones we do n’t .
Admitting bias
Whether the news actually is biased in one particular outlet about an issue that you care about can be very hard to quantify .
What we can say from this study is that people who care about a particular issue will tend to find media bias everywhere , whether or not it really exists .
Not only that but they are unlikely to admit this fact to themselves since this study , amongst others , also shows how remarkably resistant we are to admitting to our own biases , even when they are categorically demonstrated to us .
EIGHTEEN hospitals -- several of which were already under financial pressure -- have been hit with " fines " totalling € 13.8 m for being inefficient .
The biggest penalty was imposed on Tallaght Hospital in Dublin , which had some € 2.6 m deducted from its budget .
Under the controversial ' casemix ' system , hospitals are measured under various efficiency headings , such as the costs involved in treating people for similar illnesses and the throughput of patients .
The € 13.8 m taken from the 18 hospitals is then re-distributed among another 21 hospitals .
The biggest winner this time round was Mullingar General , in Co Westmeath , which received an additional € 2.3m .
But among the losers were Our Lady of Lourdes , Drogheda ( fined € 1.7 m ) ; Tullamore General , Co Offaly ( €1.7 m ) ; Limerick Regional ( €1.3 m ) ; St Colmcille 's Hospital , Loughlinstown , Co Dublin ( €1.3 m ) ; and Sligo General ( €1.3 m ) .
Others fined include the Coombe Women 's Hospital in Dublin ( €409,448 ) and the National Maternity Hospital in Holles St , Dublin ( €227,411 ) , both of which are under pressure because of soaring births .
Criteria
High - performing hospitals include Wexford General ( given € 1.4 m ) , St James 's Hospital , Dublin ( €1.2 m ) ; St Luke 's Hospital , Kilkenny ( €1.1 m ) ; and Mayo General ( €1.09 m ) .
The Health Service Executive ( HSE ) yesterday defended the system , which has been in place since 1993 .
It said standard criteria were used to measure the hospitals ' performance .
The HSE rewarded efficiency by re-directing funds to hospitals which had demonstrated that " additional funding will result in real benefits " , a spokesman for the HSE said .
" The system is designed to take account of each hospital 's unique issues and unique patients .
" Hospitals are not penalised for long - stay patients ; neither are they rewarded for discharging patients too early , " the spokesman said .
He added that since the HSE based its budgetary decisions on evidence - based data about a particular hospital 's performance , the casemix system should play a more central role in acute hospital funding and management practices .
However , the system has been criticised over the years because it only takes into account in - patient and day - case activity , while it excludes a hospital 's accident and emergency performance .
Targets
The latest annual round of performance - related fines comes as hospitals brace themselves for cuts to stay within budget targets .
The Mater Hospital is planning to cut outpatient clinics and close beds , while Temple Street Children 's Hospital is closing its respiratory clinic to new referrals because it has a waiting list some two years long .
A spokesman for Tallaght Hospital said the casemix was calculated on a ' previous year ' basis so the figures for one year reflected performance in the previous year .
" Since 2008 , the hospital has conducted a review and implemented a number of changes , which should lead to a better performance rating , " the spokesman said .
" Changes include initiatives on length of stay , admission on the day of surgery and protection of day - ward beds .
" The hospital 's performance has been severely hampered in terms of reduction in elective surgery due to prioritising patients requiring admittance from our A&E department .
" However , the changes outlined should improve the hospital 's performance , " he added .
Irish Independent
What 's New in Publishing | Digital Publishing News ...
The acquisition of BBC Good Food – including the digital and live events businesses – establishes ...
Last night around 5 PM , Portland - based Urban Airship had their Apple Push Notification Service odometer roll over to 100 million push notifications served .
Startups need milestones .
They need goals .
And indicators of progress .
And sometimes , they need to take a moment to stop and revel in some ridiculously huge numbers that remind them that what they ’re doing might — just maybe — have hit upon that idea that will change the world .
For Portland - based Urban Airship , this is one of those times .
Last night around 5 PM , Urban Airship hit one of those ridiculously huge numbers that make you stop and think .
It happened when their Apple Push Notification Service odometer rolled over to 100 million push notifications served .
That ’s right .
One hundred million .
Hmm .
Your jaw did n’t drop quite the way mine did .
Maybe I should provide you with a little more context ?
Again , Urban Airship has now delivered more than 100 million messages — to more than 10 million mobile devices .
Why is that a big deal ?
Well , this whole 100 million thing becomes a lot more impressive when you have a little more detail .
You see , Urban Airship was founded in May 2009 .
Founded !
In May !
That ’s like nine months ago .
When they started .
Square one .
And they ’ve now sent more than 100 million messages .
With a team of four people .
Just take a second to think about that .
That ’s nine figures .
In nine months .
So forgive me if I ’m a bit effusive .
But I think that ’s kind of a big deal .
I mean , I do n’t know how long it took McDonald ’s to serve 100 million burgers , but something tells me it took a little longer than nine months and a few more folks than four people .
Yeah .
I know .
I hear you .
They might be on to something here .
So a huge congratulations to the Urban Airship team .
This is definitely a milestone worth celebrating .
And here ’s looking forward to the next 100 million messages coming a great deal more quickly .
For more information , visit Urban Airship , follow Urban Airship on Twitter , or read the Silicon Florist post I wrote about Urban Airship in June 2009 .
[ HTML1 ]
Like this : Like Loading ...
Claim : Photograph shows a 17 - lb. , 3 - foot German Giant rabbit .
TRUE
Example : [ Collected via e-mail , 2006 ]
Now THAT’S an Easter bunny Now THAT’S an Easter bunny
He weighs in at 22 pounds and measures a little over 3 feet .
He is a breed of rabbit called German giant ( how appropriate ! ) .
This is his owner , Hans Wagner , struggling to hold him up .
From the NY Post article : Wagner said , “ We do n’t feed him an unusual diet .
He goes through more than his brothers and sisters , but he eats the same food mix .
His favorite food is actually lettuce .
He can never get enough of it . ”
LOOK AT THOSE FEET !
Origins :
The above - displayed photograph and accompanying information were taken from a 3 February 2006 New York Post article .
The critter pictured is Herman , a German Giant hare belonging to German breeder Hans Wagner .
The extraordinarily large hare weighs 17 lbs. , measures 17 inches high on all fours , and stands over three feet tall on his hind legs .
According to the Post article :
To find out how unusual Wagner ’s wabbit is , The Post contacted Six Bells Rabbitry in Arvada , Colo .
To find out how unusual Wagner ’s wabbit is , contacted Six Bells Rabbitry in Arvada , Colo .
“ That ’s a huge animal .
That ’s amazing , ” said breeder Michelle Jones .
“ In the States , it ’s hard to get them past 12 to 15 pounds . ”
How did German Giant get so big ?
“ I do n’t feed him an unusual diet , ” said Wagner .
“ He goes through more than his brothers and sisters , but he eats the same food mix .
His favorite food is actually lettuce .
He can never get enough of it . ”
Herr Hare is unusual in another way , he noted .
“ Unlike some other rabbits I ’ve had , he ’s really a gentle character — a gentle giant . ”
A similar photograph circulated in 1999 showing Bodmin , an 18 - lb. Flemish Giant rabbit raised in Scotland :
Said the Glasgow Daily Record of Bodmin :
Bodmin the rabbit is a big bunny — and we mean big .
He lives up to the name of his breed , Flemish Giant , by tipping the scales at almost 18lbs .
Bodmin the rabbit is a big bunny — and we mean big .
He lives up to the name of his breed , Flemish Giant , by tipping the scales at almost 18 lbs .
That ’s the average weight of a 10 - month - old baby .
And Bodmin is still piling on the pounds .
Michael Alford , 60 , joint owner of the Sussex nature park where he lives , said : “ People just ca n’t quite believe the size of Bodmin , especially when they try to pick him up for a cuddle .
“ He has a massive appetite and polishes off a whole cabbage or cauliflower at one sitting .
We even used him for a guess the weight contest .
“ I ca n’t remember how close anyone got , but I do n’t think anyone guessed too high . ”
Bodmin is such a handful Michael has started to keep him away from other rabbits in case he crushes them .
But it is not as if he lazes around all day – he goes for regular runs around his hutch .
The other park owner , Anna Chaplin , said : “ He does get a lot of exercise .
He uses his run all the time except when it is raining .
“ We have only had him for a year but he ’s put on so much weight .
I have a job to pick him up .
“ He has got a massive appetite and gets through loads of cabbages , greens , carrots and other vegetables . ”
David White , secretary of the Flemish Giant Club , said : “ This is probably a continental rabbit .
They do reach sizes over 20lb and are bred for fur and meat . ”
Most fully - grown pet rabbits would weigh between five and eight pounds , depending on the breed , said a British Rabbit Council spokeswoman .
Even the fattest , laziest domestic pet is not expected to weight in at more than 16lb , according to experts .
But Bodmin still has some way to go to become the world ’s biggest rabbit .
That title is held by a French doe , who weighed in with the Guinness Book of Records last year at 26lb 7oz .
The title of “ world ’s largest rabbit ” has since been claimed by Humphrey , a 42 - inch long , 28 - pound French lop .
Last updated : 22 April 2011
Sources :
President Obama 's health - care bill is now moving toward final passage .
The policy issues may be coming to an end , but the legal issues are certain to continue because key provisions of this dangerous legislation are unconstitutional .
Legally speaking , this legislation creates a target - rich environment .
We will focus on three of its more glaring constitutional defects .
First , the Constitution does not give Congress the power to require that Americans purchase health insurance .
Congress must be able to point to at least one of its powers listed in the Constitution as the basis of any legislation it passes .
None of those powers justifies the individual insurance mandate .
Congress 's powers to tax and spend do not apply because the mandate neither taxes nor spends .
The only other option is Congress 's power to regulate interstate commerce .
Congress has many times stretched this power to the breaking point , exceeding even the expanded version of the commerce power established by the Supreme Court since the Great Depression .
It is one thing , however , for Congress to regulate economic activity in which individuals choose to engage ; it is another to require that individuals engage in such activity .
That is not a difference in degree , but instead a difference in kind .
It is a line that Congress has never crossed and the courts have never sanctioned .
In fact , the Supreme Court in United States v. Lopez ( 1995 ) rejected a version of the commerce power so expansive that it would leave virtually no activities by individuals that Congress could not regulate .
By requiring Americans to use their own money to purchase a particular good or service , Congress would be doing exactly what the court said it could not do .
Some have argued that Congress may pass any legislation that it believes will serve the " general welfare . "
Those words appear in Article I of the Constitution , but they do not create a free - floating power for Congress simply to go forth and legislate well .
Rather , the general welfare clause identifies the purpose for which Congress may spend money .
The individual mandate tells Americans how they must spend the money Congress has not taken from them and has nothing to do with congressional spending .
Not every rookie political wannabe gets to have his campaign announcement on national TV .
But Ben Quayle , the latest Republican to jump into a crowded congressional primary in Arizona , is the son of former vice president Dan Quayle .
So proud poppa did the honors during an interview on Fox News .
" The big news is my son Ben Quayle today filed his papers for congressman of the 3rd Congressional District here in Arizona , " the former veep announced .
That makes the younger Quayle the latest entrant in the race to succeed retiring Rep. John Shadegg , R - Ariz .
A poll released yesterday showed state Sen.
Jim Waring with a wide lead over six other contenders in the GOP primary .
But Dan Quayle , who served as No. 2 to President George H.W. Bush , is sunny about his son's chances .
" We are convinced he will be successful , " he said .
The new congressional candidate can be seen in the shadow of his father 's marble bust in the 2003 photo above .
That 's brother , Tucker , mugging at left .
The younger Quayle joins a flock of political progeny who are vying for office this year .
Here 's a story about them by our colleague Fredreka Schouten .
But family connections are n't always a key to political success .
A well - known name did n't help Ethan Hastert , son of former Houses speaker Denny Hastert , in this month 's Illinois GOP congressional primary .
Primary day in Arizona is Aug. 24 .
( Posted by Kathy Kiely )
Yet many workers traveling home for the lunar New Year were understanding of the high price .
“ Based on the distance , the price is not too high , ” said a plastic injection molding worker who gave his surname , Li , and was catching the slow train to save money .
China ’s lavish new rail system is a response to a failure of central planning six years ago .
After China joined the World Trade Organization in November 2001 , exports and manufacturing soared .
Electricity generation failed to keep up because the railway ministry had not built enough rail lines or purchased enough locomotives to haul the coal needed to run new power plants .
By 2004 , the government was turning off the power to some factories up to three days a week to prevent blackouts in residential areas .
Officials drafted a plan to move much of the nation ’s passenger traffic onto high - speed routes by 2020 , freeing existing tracks for more freight .
Then the global financial crisis hit in late 2008 .
Faced with mass layoffs at export factories , China ordered that the new rail system be completed by 2012 instead of 2020 , throwing more than $ 100 billion in stimulus at the projects .
Administrators mobilized armies of laborers  110,000 just for the 820 - mile route from Beijing to Shanghai , which will cut travel time there to five hours , from 12 , when it opens next year .
Zhang Shuguang , the deputy chief engineer of China ’s railway ministry , said in a speech last September that the government planned 42 lines by 2012 , with 5,000 miles of track for passenger trains at 215 miles an hour and 3,000 miles of track for passenger and fast freight trains traveling 155 miles an hour .
Top speed on the Tampa - to - Orlando line is supposed to be 168 miles an hour .
Image Janitors clean a high - speed train after its arrival at the Wuhan Railway Station , in Hubei , China .
Credit ... Thomas Lee for The New York Times
Though they have yet to retreat from their goals , Chinese officials have hinted in the last several weeks that stimulus spending may slow .
Some transportation experts predict that a few of the 42 routes may not be finished until 2013 or 2014 as a result .
One worry is whether China is overinvesting in high - speed trains that may require operating subsidies like those for maintaining highways : fares on a route from Beijing to Tianjin have been set lower than initially forecast to make sure they stay full .
SIP IT OR RIP IT
Brewed and balanced for however you want to enjoy .
MORE
droqen
Level 10 Re : [ Probability 0 ] [ Vertical Infinite Platformer ] « Reply # 2 on : November 11 , 2009 , 10:52:48 PM
» I love the formatting options here .
And thanks , glad you like ... everything ?
:3
Also , sound is coming on the way because I was recently inspired by a song that I was playing ... hell , this is a devlog .
Go go title !
Musical Inspiration
I was listening to this song and playing this game at the same time .
I was thinking about how well it was fitting in with the game .
Then I lost , and the song faded out perfectly alongside the blocks sliding off the top of the screen .
I almost forgot I was listening to the song outside of the game .
In any case , now I am using pxtone to make some nice music .
The music may or may not be turning out well .
I plan to include some sound too for the next release ... probably .
Looks like this still has n't happened :p
edit : : I was just listening to another song and it seemed to fit well , too .
I think it might just be really early in the morning when everything seems to fit together , I dunno D ; YessssI love the formatting options here .
And thanks , glad you like ... everything ?
:3
Also , sound is coming on the way because I was recently inspired by a song that I was playing ... hell , this is a devlog .
Go go title !
I was listening to this song and playing this game at the same time .
I was thinking about how well it was fitting in with the game .
Then I lost , and the song faded out perfectly alongside the blocks sliding off the top of the screen .
I almost forgot I was listening to the song outside of the game .
In any case , now I am using pxtone to make some nice music .
Looks like this still has n't happened : pI was just listening to another song and it seemed to fit well , too .
I think it might just be really early in the morning when everything seems to fit together , I dunno D ; « Last Edit : November 18 , 2009 , 06:42:27 AM by Droqen » Logged droqen.com
Doktor_Q
Level 2 Re : [ Probability 0 ] [ Vertical Infinite Platformer ] « Reply # 3 on : November 12 , 2009 , 11:54:11 AM
» It looks neat , though apparently requires Python .
I 'll get to playing it once I find the .dll I need .
You really might want to consider including all of the files needed to run .
[ EDIT ]
Ca n't find the .dll after a half - hour on Google .
Including PYTHON26.DLL is probably a good idea .
« Last Edit : November 12 , 2009 , 12:09:06 PM by Kikaru » Logged
droqen
Level 10 Re : [ Probability 0 ] [ Vertical Infinite Platformer ] « Reply # 4 on : November 12 , 2009 , 03:38:00 PM »
I 'm working on it ; I love Python but distributing Python stuff has been a bit of a pain for me -- especially since I do n't have a computer without Python / Pyglet readily available for me to try testing things on .
--->
I added , to the first main post , the two downloads that I used to make everything work .
If you do that ( they both include downloads for , I believe , any OS ) then run the [ p ] . pyc [ /b ] file , everything should work out .
edit :: good news !
A new version is rapidly approaching , this one featuring :
1 Enemy
Mini-tutorial
Robust scoring system
& even more :3 Sorry , KikaruI 'm working on it ; I love Python but distributing Python stuff has been a bit of a pain for me -- especially since I do n't have a computer without Python / Pyglet readily available for me to try testing things on .--->
I added , to the first main post , the two downloads that I used to make everything work .
If you do that ( they both include downloads for , I believe , any OS ) then run the [ p ] . pyc [ /b ] file , everything should work out .
A new version is rapidly approaching , this one featuring : « Last Edit : November 12 , 2009 , 07:19:54 PM by Droqen » Logged droqen.com
droqen
Level 10 Re : [ Probability 0 ] [ Vertical Infinite Platformer ] « Reply # 5 on : November 12 , 2009 , 10:46:03 PM
» Enemy , Text
I added lots of text .
Now the player will be able to see not only how deep you have gone in km , but also in leagues , inches , cubits , and more !
In sticking with randomly - changing text , there is more and will continue to be more .
I kind of think it 's interesting .
And moving along with the gameplay , I also added an enemy ( the first ever ! ) that 's surprisingly annoying to hit .
Soon I will add an enemy with a more shooter - like challenge to combat ,
as well as more open areas to fight it in .
I 'm trying to decide how best to work the level generation ;
should enemies be specially generated in certain areas , too , or be smart / flexible enough that it does n't matter WHERE they go ?
--->
The next step is to add a second point system , entirely separate from the Depth point system .
It would encourage the destruction of blocks and the murdering of your enemies .
OH !
And I added some really pretty death animations for the breakable blocks , which I am incredibly proud of .
I was n't sure what I could do to make it look nice but I did it , yay !
1. I 'm allowed to multi-post , right ?
Since this is devlogs .
I probably will try to avoid it though .
2 . He is not shooting lightning out of his ass .
« Last Edit : November 15 , 2009 , 08:31:06 AM by Droqen » Logged droqen.com
droqen
Level 10 Re : [ Probability 0 ] [ Vertical Infinite Platformer ] « Reply # 7 on : November 13 , 2009 , 06:22:48 AM
» awesome : Yesss !
Awesome .
Glad you like it .
retry : Yeah , I should probably work on resetting everything ( code - wise ) .
Luckily I think I should be able to handle that fairly well .
Once I make a reset button , I 'll proceed to add a simple menu .
Thanks , I was n't sure how much of a problem this was , good to know it 's something to be fixed .
fall :
The first fall is safe as long as you do n't jump , and you last on the highest layer of blocks .
This is kind of a placeholder to introduce the player to falling damage ; unless the top layer is completely empty or only contains painful spiky blocks , it 's possible to land w/o falling damage .
( I 'll admit the two " middle " blocks are tough to hit but you can do it )
But I will work on easing the player into things a bit more smoothly ^ ^
edit --->
I 'm glad that something got it working for you :D « Last Edit : November 13 , 2009 , 01:14:40 PM by Droqen » Logged droqen.com
droqen
Level 10 Re : [ Probability 0 ] [ Vertical Platformer / Shooter Hybrid ( ? ) ]
« Reply # 8 on : November 14 , 2009 , 02:00:19 PM
» super fantastic new version
I 'm really happy with the way the upgrade options turned out .
There are really a wide variety of interesting options for you , the player , to choose from .
And you should try different things !
Experiment !
+ 2 Enemies
+ Scoring
+ Star Capacity ( limit to how many you can throw )
+ 12 Abilities ( SPACEBAR to access and spend 4 points ; most are modifications to things you can already do )
+ Q for reset , D for toggle debug ( fps , #objs ) display .
With this update I really feel like I can take this game even further ... building up some points to unlock instead of getting them right at the beginning ?
Sure .
More abilities ?
Why not ?
More enemies , level designs = definitely .
I am going to start looking into implementing some kind of boss enemy who is larger and has a direct effect on the environment .
--->
Note :
If you have n't , yet , see the controls at the top of the page .
Some stuff has been added and I do n't want any curious people getting confused as to why they can't punch any more !
« Last Edit : November 15 , 2009 , 10:43:36 PM by Droqen » Logged droqen.com
droqen
Level 10 Re : [ Probability 0 ] [ Vertical Platformer ] « Reply # 10 on : November 16 , 2009 , 05:56:45 AM
» You can still try the .exe ^^ ;
It miiight work but I 've sort of lost regained faith in it =/ =D
I will definitely take a look into that and see if I can figure out the problems .
« Last Edit : November 16 , 2009 , 06:28:36 AM by Droqen » Logged droqen.com
Doktor_Q
Level 2 Re : [ Probability 0 ] [ Vertical Platformer ] « Reply # 11 on : November 16 , 2009 , 06:20:07 AM
» It would be good to work on the .exe , not many people are willing to download Python and Pyglet just to play the game .
. exe did n't start , here 's the contents of the log file :
Traceback ( most recent call last ) :
File " pzero.py " , line 244 , in < module >
File " pzero.py " , line 105 , in load
File " pyglet\resource.pyc " , line 482 , in image
File " pyglet\resource.pyc " , line 426 , in _alloc_image
File " pyglet\resource.pyc " , line 384 , in file
pyglet.resource.ResourceNotFoundException : Resource " pzero_verticalbanner.png " was not found on the path .
Ensure that the filename has the correct captialisation .
Logged
droqen
Level 10 Re : [ Probability 0 ] [ Vertical Platformer ] [
Now with .exe file ! ]
« Reply # 12 on : November 16 , 2009 , 06:24:10 AM
»
And yeah , I realized just very recently that a lot of people wo n't be willing to give it a try because of this horrible gauntlet I tried to put them through .
The " Droqen Finally Tried To Get the .exe Working and It Did " Party !
I tested it out on my dad 's laptop ( which is sans Python ) , worked out all the difficulties , and now hopefully every problem is just about fixed .
Python.dll issue ?
Fixed .
Missing graphic issue ?
Fixed .
That other weird issue that I ran into ?
Fixed .
Therefore , I have now uploaded a new file , " pzero - win.rar " which contains the current build .
It has some pickup items that are a little unpolished at the moment .
They restore stars , and have a small chance of being empty , and a tiny chance of restoring a point of probability ( health ) .
I got it !
And yeah , I realized just very recently that a lot of people wo n't be willing to give it a try because of this horrible gauntlet I tried to put them through .
I tested it out on my dad 's laptop ( which is sans Python ) , worked out all the difficulties , and nowevery problem is just about fixed .
Python.dll issue ?
Missing graphic issue ?
That other weird issue that I ran into ?
Therefore , I have now uploaded a new file , " pzero - win.rar " which contains the current build .
It has some pickup items that are a little unpolished at the moment .
They restore stars , and have a small chance of being empty , and achance of restoring a point of probability ( health ) .
« Last Edit : November 16 , 2009 , 06:31:27 AM by Droqen » Logged droqen.com
Doktor_Q
Level 2 Re : [ Probability 0 ] [ Vertical Platformer ] [
Now with .exe file ! ]
« Reply # 13 on : November 16 , 2009 , 06:37:41 AM
» Okay , some feedback :
1 . You should be able to fall a lot farther without taking damage .
2 . Lose the star limit , or make it a lot higher .
It 's the only effective means of attack or breaking blocks .
3 . You said something about different combos , but the attacks work just the same as always .
4 . Make the enemies hit boxes bigger .
Hitting them once , let alone twice , will usually cost a three or four stars .
5 . In general , enemies should die in one hit .
Exceptions can be made for a type who have extra health as their special ability , or bosses .
6 . I am actually obligated to hate you now because this game , especially it 's graphics , is what I 've always dreamed of making but never actually managed to do .
Good job .
I love the new enemies , and look forward incredibly to bosses .
Keep up the good work !
« Last Edit : November 16 , 2009 , 06:43:54 AM by Kikaru » Logged
droqen
Level 10 Re : [ Probability 0 ] [ Vertical Platformer ] [
Now with .exe file ! ]
« Reply # 14 on : November 16 , 2009 , 06:48:50 AM
» Everything will be made more clear ( i.e. how to get abilities and that they do exist and all that ) once I work on the player - friendly aspect of things .
Do n't worry about anything related to " well I did n't know that " , not for now anyway .
Just wanna make sure :
Did you take a look at the abilities ?
:D
( Press spacebar ! )
Because they make things waaayy easier .
1 , 2 , 3 are all ability - related .
Abilities :
Fall + and Fall ++ increase fall height ( first from 75 m to 100 m , then to infinite ) .
Stock + and Stock ++ increases star stock ( first to 25 , then shooting stars is free ) .
However , I will probably make restocking less painful .
--->
The goal was to make the limits somewhat restrictive .
5 - Star Limit is to be used as a utility weapon , only in certain situations .
Punching , once upgraded , is incredibly potent .
I may change this up to 10 .
Maybe .
is to be used as a utility weapon , only in certain situations .
Punching , once upgraded , is incredibly potent .
I may change this up to 10 .
Maybe .
25 - Star Limit is to be used as a weapon that must be conserved occasionally .
You can use it a lot , but you might also run out so it 's good to play it safe .
is to be used as a weapon that must be conserved occasionally .
You can use it a lot , but you might also run out so it 's good to play it safe .
Infinite Stars is what a real star lover ( with no self - control ) will use .
Never again will you worry about running out of stars .
Up+X requires Star^ , Down +X is only required to override Star > .
Hit boxes :
I 'll think about making them bigger , but if I do it 'll only be for stars .
They 're already a bit chunky for hitting the player .
--->
I was thinking about this a bit but I did n't want to make enemy hitboxes bigger , or star hitboxes bigger , because those would have annoying side - effects .
( easier to hit player , easier to hit walls )
Damage :
I may add a star damage upgrade , but stars are pretty amazing already once you can spam them in four unique directions .
( nef , roo , dennis , and arntet )
The hate :
<3 It 's been so many years of abandoned game after abandoned game ... it 's all finally paying off .
Wheee edit :: will be made more clear ( i.e. how to get abilities and that they do exist and all that ) once I work on the player - friendly aspect of things .
Do n't worry about anything related to " well I did n't know that " , not for now anyway .
Just wanna make sure :
Did you take a look at the abilities ?
:D
( Press spacebar ! ) Because they make thingseasier .1 , 2 , 3 are all ability - related .
Abilities : andincrease fall height ( first from 75 m to 100 m , then to infinite ) .
andincreases star stock ( first to 25 , then shooting stars is free ) .
However , I will probably make restocking less painful .
--->
The goal was to make the limits somewhat restrictive .
Up+X requires , Down +X is only required to overrideHit boxes : I 'll think about making them bigger , but if I do it 'llbe for stars .
They 're already a bit chunky for hitting the player .
--->
I was thinking about this a bit but I did n't want to make enemy hitboxes bigger , or star hitboxes bigger , because those would have annoying side - effects .
( easier to hit player , easier to hit walls ) Damage : I may add a star damage upgrade , but stars are pretty amazing already once you can spam them in four unique directions .
The hate :<3
It 's been so many years of abandoned game after abandoned game ... it 's all finally paying off .
Wheee « Last Edit : November 16 , 2009 , 06:57:23 AM by Droqen » Logged droqen.com
Doktor_Q
Level 2 Re : [ Probability 0 ] [ Vertical Platformer ] [
Now with .exe file ! ]
« Reply # 15 on : November 16 , 2009 , 07:14:27 AM
» I found the upgrades , which are pretty neat .
Some stuff you should look into , though :
Text that tells you what an upgrade does , how many points it costs , and how many points you have left .
In addition , your point count on the game screen could go down as you use them .
Empty blobs are exceedingly annoying .
And the health restore should be a little more common , to allow for longer games .
I was suggesting larger hit boxes for attacks , including punch , and maybe smaller hitboxes for hurting the player .
Also , you should tone down the bouncing a little when you get injured , it kills me way to often , almost to the point of game breaking .
Logged
droqen
Level 10 Re : [ Probability 0 ] [ Vertical Platformer ] [
Now with .exe file ! ]
« Reply # 16 on : November 16 , 2009 , 09:31:01 AM
» Pickup system is definitely being altered ( I did say they were a bit unpolished ) .
I 'm still trying to figure out exactly what kind of useful pickups I can make , beyond stars and life , but the new system will be better .
Upgrade text : I think it would be fun to leave them as they are ( icon - only ) , but in some cases it just seems mean .
Note :
They all cost only one point .
And upgrades will be 100 % separate from points , so there will probably be pickups to boost your " level " .
Hit boxes : I should note that the punch upgrades , aside from increasing damage , make the hitbox bigger too -- even though it 's a relatively little expansion , it makes a big difference .
Just like the base - level star throwing is a little bit nerfed , the base - level punching is pretty weak too .
Bouncing : Ahahaha maybe .
I like the bouncing , but I might make it not last as long or something .
Possibly a new upgrade idea that prevents any loss of control whatsoever when you do take damage .
It might be really low - tier , since taking damage is something you normally try to avoid .
I did want the game to be rather challenging , but I might make an easier mode .
Maybe two difficulty levels .
edit :: Challenging enough that a game will not last very long unless you 're very good .
I mean , currently everything 's randomly - generated so I did n't want to spend forever on each game , you know ?
edit again ::
And I appreciate the comments , definitely helping me see what is more / less liked by someone who is not me xD « Last Edit : November 16 , 2009 , 11:16:22 AM by Droqen » Logged droqen.com
droqen
Level 10 Re : [ Probability 0 ] [ Vertical Platformer ] [
Now with .exe file ! ]
« Reply # 17 on : November 17 , 2009 , 11:02:25 PM
»
The upgrades have more of a sense of growth to them now !
Pickup items are more fair ,
and enemies are more varied .
I am considering making a post on the Feedback thread but I think I 'll work a bit longer on it before I get to that .
Besides , I 'm getting some good feedback here already . :p
--->
I hope other people are n't scared by us , Kikaru .
Area Concepts
.
A starting area where there are only solid + glass blocks , and there are only the simplest enemies .
This would not last very long .
Also , there would be no ( or not many ) steep falls , long drops , and if there are any they should be easy to avoid .
.
An area where a large emptiness travels down the middle ; one would have to climb down the sides carefully .
Designing such a place so that it is even POSSIBLE is going to be difficult .
.
An area with ' rooms ' ; generally a more organized layout .
Not to say I 'd abandon the scattered blocks I have , I like the way this looks .
But it 's something I would like to try .
Boss Concepts
.
Some form of thing that comes from the bottom of the screen and does n't really leave there ; it 's destroying any blocks that would come from beneath it , leaving a big air column like the area - design concept described above .
You 'd probably have to rely on stars .
.
What about something like the ( old ) game Centipede ?
Crawling from the top , consuming blocks ...
I should give that a try , it sounds easy .
Tough to fight without Star^ upgrade , though .
.
Interesting , intelligent bosses = hahaha like that 's going to happen .
They 're not going to be very aware of their surroundings .
An update , again .
The upgrades have more of a sense of growth to them now !
Pickup items are more fair , and enemies are more varied .
I am considering making a post on the Feedback thread but I think I 'll work a bit longer on it before I get to that .
Besides , I 'm getting some good feedback here already .
:p--->
I hope other people are n't scared by us , Kikaru ..
A starting area where there are only solid + glass blocks , and there are only the simplest enemies .
This would not last very long .
Also , there would be no ( or not many ) steep falls , long drops , and if there are any they should be easy to avoid ..
An area where a large emptiness travels down the middle ; one would have to climb down the sides carefully .
Designing such a place so that it is even POSSIBLE is going to be difficult ..
An area with ' rooms ' ; generally a more organized layout .
Not to say I 'd abandon the scattered blocks I have , I like the way this looks .
But it 's something I would like to try ..
Some form of thing that comes from the bottom of the screen and does n't really leave there ; it 's destroying any blocks that would come from beneath it , leaving a big air column like the area - design concept described above .
You 'd probably have to rely on stars ..
What about something like the ( old ) game Centipede ?
Crawling from the top , consuming blocks ...
I should give that a try , it sounds easy .
Tough to fight without Star^ upgrade , though ..
Interesting , intelligent bosses = hahaha like that 's going to happen .
They 're not going to be very aware of their surroundings .
« Last Edit : November 17 , 2009 , 11:06:01 PM by Droqen » Logged droqen.com
Preparing for the Next Earthquake Haiti Debates Moving Its Capital
Haiti's official seismologist , who predicted the recent earthquake , has warned that an even stronger one is likely to hit Port - au - Prince within the next 20 years .
Now the Haitian government is debating how and if the capital should be rebuilt -- or if it should be moved elsewhere .
Civil unions and straight marriage
Arthur Goldhammer ’s “ excellent blog on French politics and society ” : http://artgoldhammer.blogspot.com/2010/01/pacs-is-between-one-man-and-one-woman.html points to “ this article ” : http://www.insee.fr/fr/themes/document.asp?ref_id=ip1276#inter2 on the French _pact civil de solidarité_ – a kind of civil union introduced in 1999 / 2000 , largely as an alternative to gay marriage .
But the pacs has had very interesting consequences for straight couples ( 95 % of couples with pacs are straight ) , as this chart shows .
The growth of the pacs ’ popularity over its first decade is striking .
There are now two pacs for every three marriages .
Interestingly , this is because of both a significant decline in marriage , and a significant increase in the overall number of people willing to engage in some kind of state - sanctioned relationship .
While you would obviously need more finely grained data to establish this properly , the obviously intuitive interpretation of this ( at least to me ) is that the pacs have grown _both_ by providing an option for people who would probably not have gotten married in the first place , _and_ attracted a number of people who otherwise would have gotten married , but who prefer the pacs ’ lower level of formality ( it is much easier to cancel a pacs relationship than to get divorced ) .
Perhaps this provides grist for the mills of social conservatives ( who could claim , stretching the data a bit , that gay - appeasing civil unions are undermining the sacred institution of marriage ) – but it would oblige them to face up to the question of whether they should _prefer_ gay marriage to potentially corrosive civil unions that straight couples can take advantage of too .
Liberals and leftwingers do n’t face nearly the same dilemma , since they can reasonably assume that those who choose civil unions over marriage have good reason for doing so ( and perhaps will get married later if they want to ; obviously , you ca n’t tell from data like this how many partners in pacs decide to get married later on ) .
Fruits of the sea : Startling strawberry crab discovered off Taiwan
A marine biologist has discovered a startling new crab species that resembles a large strawberry .
The unusual crustacean was found off the coast of southern Taiwan .
It has a dramatic bright red shell covered with small white bumps .
A new species of crab has been found on a beach of Pingtung , southern Taiwan
Professor Ho Ping - ho from the National Taiwan Ocean University said the crab resembles a species called Neoliomera Pubescens , that live s in the areas around Hawaii , Polynesia and Mauritius .
However it has a clam - shaped shell about 1 inch wide , which makes it distinct .
Crabs are omnivores feeding primarily on algae .
There are more than 5,000 known species in the world .
The crab was discovered by Professor Ho Ping - ho from National Taiwan Ocean University
Professor
Ho said his team found two female crabs of the new species last June off the coast of Kenting National Park , known for its rich marine life .
The crabs died shortly afterwards , possibly because the water in the area was polluted by a cargo ship that ran aground .
NASA
The Obama administration has scrapped NASA ’s plan to return humans to the Moon by 2020 , which was behind schedule because of technical and budgetary problems .
Instead , the administration will focus on developing new technologies to make long - distance space travel cheaper and faster , with astronaut trips to the Moon , asteroids and Mars possible in the future .
In the Opinion section Editorial : A New Space Program
Is this shift of priorities the right path to take ?
Why go to the expense , effort and risk of using astronauts when unmanned machines can do so much ?
Or are there benefits to human space exploration that ca n’t be achieved with robots ?
The Vacuity of the ‘ Vision Thing ’
John Derbyshire is a writer on math , science and politics .
His most recent book is “ We Are Doomed : Reclaiming Conservative Pessimism . ”
Private entrepreneurs who want to venture into space should , of course , be left alone to do as they please , so long as they do n’t endanger the rest of us .
Anything a human being does in space could be done by unmanned machinery for a tiny fraction of the cost .
But manned space exploration as a national goal — to be financed from public funds , organized by state or federal employees to promote some general good like stronger defenses , economic dynamism , social stability or public health — is another question altogether .
There is no case for publicly funded human spaceflight in any of those areas .
Even in the matter of defense , none of the most useful off - planet projects — G.P.S. , earth imaging , antimissile technology — has any requirement for human beings in space .
It is in fact a universal principle of space science — a “ prime directive , ” as it were — that anything a human being does up there could be done by unmanned machinery for one - thousandth the cost .
With the ever - increasing intelligence of our machines , the cost gap will only get wider .
Read more …
There are two non-utilitarian arguments that can be made for publicly funded manned space flight : national support for pure science , and “ the vision thing . ”
The first argument says that pure - science inquiries are part of a nation ’s high culture , and that public funds can properly be allocated to supporting high culture .
There is a strong traditional foundation here .
From the beginnings of modern science in the late 17th century , all the major European nations offered state support to societies and academies of pure research .
Such support must submit to public audit , however .
In a time of cratering public finances , the stupendous costs of manned spaceflight — half a billion dollars per shuttle launch — cannot be justified .
Similarly with “ the vision thing . ”
Since the building of the pyramids , governments have carried out non-utilitarian projects , bonding citizens together by appeals to the collective imagination .
Here too , though , there is a cost - benefit calculation to be made .
The U.S. is a commercial republic under elected officials , not a despotic empire ruled by infallible God-kings .
An occasional presidential speech in the diction of “ ceremonial deism , ” briefly raising our eyes from our everyday chores to things of the spirit , is certainly appropriate .
But that costs very little , and that is what publicly funded “ vision things ” ought to cost .
American Patrimony
John M. Logsdon is professor emeritus at George Washington University ’s Space Policy Institute and author of “ The Decision to Go to the Moon : Project Apollo and the National Interest . ”
Asking about what benefits there are to human spaceflight that ca n’t be achieved with robots tilts the argument .
Not all benefits from space activity , as is the case in many other areas of human endeavor , are tangible .
In fact , I believe the principal benefits from human spaceflight are intangible , but nevertheless substantial .
The United States must not give up exploration that has symbolized America ’s global leadership .
Think of John F. Kennedy ’s words in support of Project Apollo : “ The exploration of space will go ahead , whether we join it or not , and it is one of the great adventures of all time , and no nation which expects to be the leader of other nations can expect to stay behind in the race for space ” ; and “ We choose to go to the moon in this decade and do the other things , not because they are easy , but because they are hard , because that goal will serve to organize and measure the best of our energies and skills . ”
These motivations — international prestige and national pride — sustained Apollo and I believe remain relevant even today .
A report on human spaceflight from M.I.T. in December 2008 put it well in its discussion of exploration as the principal rationale for human space flight , defining exploration as “ an expansion of human experience , bringing people into new places , situations and environments , expanding and redefining what it means to be human . ”
Read more …
The paper also noted that “ human spaceflight is an instrument of soft power — it serves as an example for members of other nations and cultures to follow and emulate .
…
Human spaceflight is a marker of modernity and first - class status . ”
It is inconceivable to me that the United States would willingly give up an activity that has for the past half - century symbolized its leading role in global affairs .
Human spaceflight is part of the American patrimony .
Why Hominids and Space Go Together
Seth Shostak is the senior astronomer at the SETI Institute in Mountain View , Calif .
He is the author of “ Confessions of an Alien Hunter . ”
Send the hardware , not the hominids .
That ’s the between - the - lines message that many have discerned in President Obama ’s newly enunciated vision for NASA .
The president wants the space agency to dial back its development of rockets that could sling astronauts into orbit or take them to the cratered landscapes of the Moon .
As consequence , you can expect a greater emphasis on robotic exploration of the solar system .
Sounds like a good deal .
After all , heaving orbiters , rovers and other mechanical missionaries to nearby worlds is cheaper than sending humans , and the robots do n’t insist on a round - trip ticket .
So has “ man in space ” become an anachronism , a short - lived side effect of superpower rivalry ?
The Johnny Damon Sweepstakes appeared to be nearing the finish line Thursday , as Damon tries to choose from several offers far less than the two - year , $ 20 million deal he and agent Scott Boras have been seeking .
Two sources told ESPN.com that the Detroit Tigers have made the largest offer , amid speculation around the industry that that bid is in the range of one year , $ 7 million .
There were indications the sides were still discussing a possible two - year deal .
But even the Tigers ' one - year offer appears to be the biggest offer on the table .
The Atlanta Braves and Tampa Bay Rays have also remained in the bidding , with both teams talking about one - year contracts for fewer total dollars than the Tigers ' offer .
MLB.com reported that the Braves ' offer was for less than $ 4 million .
The Chicago White Sox also have expressed interest , as ESPNChicago.com reported late last month .
At this point , if Damon landed with any team other than the Tigers or Braves , it would be a surprise .
He and Boras have been publicly expressing their admiration for both teams .
And both , conveniently , hold spring training close to Damon 's home in Orlando .
Officials of both the Tigers and Braves declined to characterize their offers or the state of their negotiations Thursday .
However , speculation in the industry , from people who have spoken with various principals , is that Damon will make a decision by the end of the week .
Jayson Stark is a senior writer for ESPN.com .
When President Obama agreed to be interviewed by Fox News , he surely did n’t expect to be soft - balled .
But he probably did n’t foresee the interviewer interrupting him more than a dozen times , and having to repeatedly point that out .
Host Bret Baier insisted on discussing the parliamentary procedures Democrats are mulling in order to squeeze the health care bill through , and a visibly frustrated Obama kept urging him to focus the substantive issues .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ The reason that I think this conversation ends up being a little frustrating is because the focus , entirely , is on Washington process , ” he said .
“ And yes , I have said that is an ugly process .
It was ugly when Republicans were in charge , it is ugly when Democrats are in charge . ”
Interrupted at 16 different points during the exchange , Obama demanded he be allowed to fully respond to the questions .
“ Bret , let me finish , ” he repeated a number of times .
When Baier accused the president of dodging his questions , the president responded , “ Well , I ’m trying to answer your questions and you keep on interrupting . ”
The Fox News host repeatedly asked Obama about the any “ special deals ” his party may be making with lawmakers to win their votes , to which Obama responded the bill will be posted online soon for everyone to view .
At the end of the interview , he apologized to the president for interrupting him so often , claiming he was trying to get the “ most for our buck . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
On MSNBC ’s Countdown With Keith Olbermann , guest host Lawrence O’Donnell asked The Nation ‘s Chris Hayes if the amount of interruptions in the interview was unseemly .
Hayes did n’t mind , noting that “ power should be pestered a little bit . ”
But he accused Fox of “ propagandizing on behalf of this certain , very narrow viewpoint ” in trying to build distrust toward the legislation and the Democrats ’ parliamentary maneuvers .
“ The more the conversation is about process , the less people like the bill , and the more that it ’s on the actual substantive things that are in the bill , the more they like the bill , ” he added .
ADVERTISEMENT
End the MSNBC segment was a mash - up of all the times Obama was interrupted .
This video is from MSNBC ’s Countdown , broadcast March 17 , 2010 .
ADVERTISEMENT
Download video via RawReplay.com
Watch the entire interview with Brett Baier :
ADVERTISEMENT
This video is from Fox News ’ Special Report , broadcast March 17 , 2010 .
Indicating that workers face a tough fight in Congress for labor law reform this year , Sen. Ben Nelson , D - Neb. , announced last night that he will help filibuster the president ’s nominee to the nation ’s most important labor relations agency .
The announcement , observers note , all but assures that confirmation wo n’t happen .
Craig Becker , the president ’s nominee , has been an associate general counsel for the Service Employees International Union since 1990 and served , prior to that , in a similar role for the AFL - CIO .
His nomination had already been held up because of objections from Sen. John McCain , R - Ariz. , who said he was too close to the labor movement .
Labor leaders are even more furious with Nelson now than they had been during the health care debate when he blocked passage of a reform bill until the last minute when , after a promise that his state would not have to share in paying for increased Medicaid costs , he finally voted for a watered down measure .
“ It is a shame and a disappointment that Sen .
Nelson is willing to leave working families without a fully staffed National Labor relations Board , ” declared Eddie Vale , a spokesman for the AFL - CIO .
Nelson claimed that his opposition to Becker was motivated by the nominee ’s “ previous statements ” which , he said , “ strongly indicate that he would take an aggressive personal agenda to the NLRB , and that he would pursue that personal agenda , rather than that of the administration . ”
He also said that Becker ’s statements “ fly in the face of Nebraska ’s Right to Work ( for less ) laws , which have been credited with our excellent business climate that has attracted employers and very good jobs to Nebraska . ”
Union leaders reject any notion that Nelson is interested in protecting the Obama administration ’s agenda regarding labor relations , believing instead that he is responding to pressure from big business .
Speaking for the AFL - CIO , Vale said , “ Becker is an eminently qualified nominee .
It ’s pretty confusing and circular logic that Nelson contends he would n’t represent the administration ’s agenda , when he was nominated twice by the administration . ”
Progressives across the board are particularly angry because Nelson , a Democrat , was much more supportive of nominations put forward by former President Bush than he has been of many parts of President Obama ’s agenda .
Nelson voted in favor of cloture when Bush nominated former U.N. Ambassador John Bolton and when he nominated former Environmental Protection Administration Administrator Stephen Johnson .
Nelson also voted with Republicans for the nominations of John Ashcroft and Alberto Gonzales to the Attorney general post and he voted with them in favor of Samuel Alito and John Roberts to the Supreme Court .
Progressives see the fight over Becker as part of the bigger fight between big business and labor over the Employee Free Choice Act , a bill in Congress that would make it easier for workers to win union representation .
Business groups claim Becker would help the NLRB make regulatory changes that would have the effect of bypassing Congress to implement the majority sign - up provisions of the EFCA .
Majority sign - up would allow workers to organize by signing authorization cards and would prevent management from blocking unionization by demanding so - called “ secret ballot ” elections .
Republican senators raked Becker over the coals in a rare hearing for an NLRB nominee last week .
The hearing by the Senate health , Education and Labor and Pensions Committee , was the first for an NLRB nominee since 1993 when Republicans grilled William Gould , President Clinton ’s pick for the labor relations post .
Several Republican senators claimed Becker would use his post to “ ram through card check , ” the term used by EFCA opponents to describe majority sign - up .
Becker reminded them that it is the responsibility of Congress , not the NLRB , to write labor law .
McCain demanded to know whether Becker would pledge to recuse himself from any cases coming before the board that involved SEIU .
23 major business organizations sent the Senate a joint letter claiming that the NLRB would be able to “ radically interpret existing labor law should Becker be confirmed . ”
Executives at 600 manufacturing companies signed a separate letter to senators urging them to oppose Becker ’s nomination .
Most Senate Democrats , however , backed the president ’s nominee .
Sen . Bob Casey , D - Pa. , said he did n’t believe Becker ’s history would affect his objectivity .
“ We do n’t confirm judges around here who are robots , or not human beings .
We confirm people who are human beings and that have a point of view and know how to argue a point of view .
I would hope that someone in your position would be someone like that . ”
Photo : Nebraska Sen. Ben Nelson File / BR
In years past , an ISSCC presentation on a new processor would consist of detailed discussion of the chip 's microarchitecture ( pipeline , instruction fetch and decode , execution units , etc. ) , along with at least one shot of a floorplan that marked out the location of major functional blocks ( the decoder , the floating - point unit , the load - store unit , etc. ) .
This year 's ISSCC is well into the many - core era , though , and with single - chip core counts ranging from six to 16 , the only elements you 're likely to see in a floorplan like the two below are cores , interfaces , and switches .
Most of the discussion focuses on power - related arcana , but most folks are interested in the chips themselves .
In this short article , I 'll walk you through the floorplan of two chips with similar transistor counts — the Sun 's Niagara 3 and IBM's POWER7 .
Most CPU geeks will already know a lot of the information I 'll give below , but many readers will appreciate having it all together in one place .
Niagara 3 : threads and I /
O
Sun 's Niagara 3
Sun 's 1 billion - transistor , 16 - core Niagara 3 processor is a great example of modern multiprocessor - turned - SoC ( system on a chip ) .
Everything about this design is focused on pushing large numbers of parallel instruction streams and data streams through the processor socket at once .
The shared cache is small , the shared pipes are wide , and the end result is a chip that 's all about maintaining a high rate of flow , and not one that 's aimed at collecting a large pile of data and chipping away at it with heavy equipment .
Each of the 16 individual SPARC cores that make up Niagara 3 support up to eight simultaneous threads of execution , for a total of 128 threads per chip .
Logically , the chip is laid out so that all of the cores communicate with a unified 6MB L2 cache via a crossbar switch that 's placed in the middle of the chip .
This combination of cores and L2 connected via a switch forms the basic compute architecture of the SoC .
So that the chip can talk to the outside world , the L2 caches are connected to a variety of I/O interfaces : memory , PCIe , 1G / 10G Ethernet , and coherency links .
All told , those links can push a total of 2.4Tb/s worth of data through a single Niagara 3 socket — that 's a lot of bandwidth , but you need it to feed that many threads .
Let 's take a quick look at each of these I /O links in turn .
Coherence : Niagra 3's coherence links are the equivalent of the QuickPath Interconnect ( QPI ) on Intel 's Nehalem parts , or of HyperTransport for AMD .
These links can be used to connect up to four of the chips together without any additional routing chips ( this is what 's meant by saying Niagara 3 can be used in a four - socket glueless configuration ) .
Each Niagara 3 chip has two 1.6GHz coherence controllers , which are connected to six coherence links .
Each individual link consists of 14 unidirectional lanes that give the link a total bandwidth of 9.6 Gb/s .
Memory : Also attached to the L2 is are two DDR3 memory controllers , each of which hosts two memory channels , for a total of four channels of DDR3 .
PCIe and Ethernet : A PCIe controller supports two 5 Gb/s PCIe ports , and an Ethernet controller supports two 1G / 10G Ethernet ports .
IBM's POWER7
IBM's POWER7
At 1.2 billion transistors , IBM's new 45 nm POWER7 processor is only a little bigger than Niagara 3 , but it could n't be more different .
If Niagara 3 is an army of guys with shovels , POWER7 is a giant bulldozer .
POWER7 has only half the cores ( eight ) and one quarter of the threads ( 32 ) of Sun 's chip , but that does n't mean it falls short in the horsepower department .
Each POWER7 core has a ton of very fast execution hardware , and the overall layout of the machine 's very wide execution core is a straightforward evolution of the design that I first described in a series of articles on the PowerPC 970 .
( I talked more about POWER7's execution core in an earlier article comparing it to Intel 's Tukwila Itanium . )
Where Niagra 3 keeps a large number of relatively weak cores busy by moving data onto and off of the chip using ample I/O resources , POWER7's approach to feeding a smaller number of much more robust cores is to cache large amounts of data on - chip so that the cores can grind through it in batches .
This being the case , POWER7 has the most remarkable on - chip cache hardware of any processor on the market .
First in the chain is the 32KB L1 data cache , which has seen its latency cut in half , from four cycles in the POWER6 to two cycles in POWER7 .
Then there 's the 256KB L2 , the latency of which has dropped from 26 cycles in POWER6 to eight cycles in POWER7 — that 's quite a reduction , and will help greatly to mitigate the impact of the shared L3 's increased latency .
The POWER7's L3 is its most unique feature , and , at 32MB , it 's positively gigantic .
IBM was able to cram such a large L3 onto the chip by making it out of embedded DRAM ( eDRAM ) instead of the usual SRAM .
This decision cost the cache a few cycles of latency , but in exchange IBM got a 3.5 x improvement in power efficiency and a 3 x improvement in cache density .
IBM has actually been talking up the use of eDRAM for on - chip cache since at least 2002 , so in this regard POWER7 represents the fruition of years of work on this approach .
On the I/O side , POWER7 features two DDR3 memory controllers that can do up to 100 GB /s total .
The chip 's SMP links ( the same as Niagara 's coherence links ) can do 360 GB /s ( or almost 2.9Tb/s ) of bandwidth , but this amount appears to be divided between internal and external SMP links .
The chip does n't contain the other I/O options — PCIe or Ethernet — that Niagara has .
Ultimately , these two server - class processors show that there are two very different ways to spend a billion transistors , and each design will be good for different applications .
Sun 's Niagara is aimed at networked server operations where lots of simultaneous , lightweight requests have to be serviced — databases , Web servers , and the like .
In contrast , POWER7 has the horsepower to grind through a smaller number of more compute - intensive tasks at a high rate of speed .
Both parts have their place in the server ecosystem of 2010 .
Phil Harris , captain of the Cornelia Marie on the Discovery Channel show " Deadliest Catch , " has died at age 53 .
On the show 's Web page , where updates on Harris ' condition had been posted since his Jan. 30 stroke , sons Jake and Josh Harris gave notice of their father 's passing :
" It is with great sadness that we say goodbye to our dad -- Captain Phil Harris .
Dad has always been a fighter and continued to be until the end .
For us and the crew , he was someone who never backed down .
We will remember and celebrate that strength .
Thanks to everyone for their thoughts and prayers .
-- Jake and Josh Harris "
Harris , who was based out of Seattle , suffered the stroke during an offload of crab .
He was found unconscious in a stateroom , was airlifted to Anchorage for 12 hours of surgery , then placed in a medically induced coma .
He 'd shown signs of improvement last week , squeezing hands and even telling his doctors and nurses , in his signature gruff style , to not screw things up .
A C -17 Globemaster III delivers humanitarian aid into the outskirts of Port- au - Prince , Haiti , Jan 18 , 2010 .
Department of Defense assets have been deployed to assist in the Haiti relief effort following a magnitude 7 earthquake that hit the city on Jan. 12 , 2010 .
( U.S. Air Force photo / Tech .
Sgt. James L. Harper Jr. )
X
0 20
Help Keep Us Soaring
We need your help !
Our subscription base has slowly been dwindling .
We need your help in reversing that trend .
We would like to add 20 new subscribers this month .
Each month we count on your subscriptions or contributions .
You can support us in the following ways :
• North Sea could power third of UK in 2020 , says industry • Reserves nearly 25bn barrels , but more investment needed
Britain's offshore oil and gas fields could still be delivering 1.5 m barrels a day by 2020 , enough to satisfy 35 % of UK energy demand , according to industry trade body Oil & Gas UK – but only if high fuel prices and tax breaks combine to make viable a growing backlog of exploration and development projects in the North Sea .
Without renewed investment , production from already mature fields , currently meeting about two - thirds of Britain 's energy needs , will drop to 0.5 m barrels a day by the end of the decade , representing only 11 % of energy demand .
Earlier this month Ofgem published its strongest warning to date that Britain was heading for an energy crisis .
" For the next two to three years with gas supplies and power station availability , we are in a plentiful position , " Ofgem chief executive Alistair Buchanan said .
" The problem is the speed at which it deteriorates .
To wait a few more years [ without doing anything ] could cause us trouble .
We would get down to historically low levels of margins of plant , to when you are starting to ask if you have enough power stations . "
Having surveyed 70 companies , Oil & Gas UK believes falling investment during the past four years has been a major factor driving down oil and gas production levels .
Last year production fell 6 % to 2.48 m barrels .
The number of development and exploration wells drilled in 2009 reduced by 22 % and 40 % respectively , the lobby group found .
Meanwhile capital expenditure has declined by 20 % in the last three years .
This year , however , could see a modest recovery Oil & Gas UK forecast , bringing investment back above £ 5 bn .
In recent months the industry has identified up to 11bn barrels of oil and gas in new and existing projects , a sharp rise on previously years .
It takes UK offshore reserves close to 25bn .
But the cost of extracting the newly identified deposits , many of them located in deep water in the central North Sea or to the west of Shetland , is estimated at £ 60 bn .
Production costs at new sites is estimated to be on average 20 % higher than for existing projects .
Speaking as Oil & Gas UK published its annual forecasts for offshore exploration , chief executive Malcolm Webb said : " Securing all the investments identified by our survey will demand action from industry to reduce costs and improve efficiency and from government to lower production taxes and lighten the UK and EU regulatory burden . "
Recent years have already seen the government grant substantial production tax breaks to help costly projects in technically challenging deep - water fields .
" As recently noted by several government ministers , the UK's oil and gas industry is a huge asset to this country .
It not only makes a major contribution to the economy but can also help secure energy supplies for decades to come , " said Webb .
" The government has taken several welcome steps over the last eighteen months in reducing the rate of tax on various types of new fields ; we now need to work together to extend that process to encompass other new and existing fields and positively encourage investment in this vital UK energy industry . "
Nous aimons tous avoir du parfums chez soi .
Les parfums permettent de ne pas juste sentir bon , mais de donner du style , même dans l’odeur .
C’est vrai que je ne me vois que rarement sortir sans parfum de chez moi .
Surtout en soirée .
Une soirée ne peut pas commencer si ne n’ai pas mis mon …
Lire plus
Within the next three years , the U.S. military will test the feasibility of sending a quadruped robot out into the field as a trusty pack mule to carry supplies for its troops , wherever they go .
If the testing goes well for Boston Dynamics 's Legged Squad Support System ( LS3 ) , company founder Marc Raibert will have come a long way from the one - legged hopping robots he pioneered in the 1980s .
Actually Raibert has already come a long way , to the point where the U.S. Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency 's ( DARPA ) Tactical Technology Office and the U.S. Marine Corps awarded his company a 30 - month , $ 32 - million contract last week to deliver a prototype LS3 .
This would be the first step in fulfilling the military 's call for an autonomous , legged robot that can carry up to 181 kilograms of supplies for at least 32 kilometers without refueling .
The military already uses unmanned aerial vehicles for reconnaissance or to attack enemy targets , and DARPA has sponsored several contests in recent years to determine the feasibility of developing autonomic ground transportation .
Automation has been much more difficult to introduce to the infantry , however , because of the need to traverse rough terrain where robots operating on wheels or tracks cannot go .
The LS3 is the latest in a series of legged robots developed by Raibert , who got his start in 1980 , when he founded a robotics workshop at Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh called the Leg Laboratory .
Raibert moved the Leg Lab to Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1986 after becoming a professor of electrical engineering and computer science there .
The lab , which he directed until 1995 , did good work , he says , " but it always felt like we were kicking the can down the street , making scientific progress , but not worrying about a system that could operate out in the real world . "
Boston Dynamics , which Raibert founded in 1992 , scored a breakthrough in 2003 when DARPA began funding the development of BigDog , a 75 - kilogram mechanical workhorse and the LS3's predecessor .
BigDog did not use cameras or laser sensors to determine its location .
Instead , it stepped first and then reacted to the terrain , quickly determining its position at any given time and comparing that with its desired position , immediately taking corrective action based on the difference between these two .
But BigDog was not an instant success .
" In the first year or so it was creaky , I 'll tell you , " Raibert says .
Getting the robot's legs , each of which featured four joints , to move in a synchronized fashion — not to mention adjust dynamically to slippery surfaces such as ice — proved challenging .
Over time , however , the quadruped robot 's endurance and stamina improved — as did its software for balance and control — to the point where it could maneuver out in the real world .
" There reached a point about three years ago with BigDog where we started to see the light at the end of the tunnel , " he says .
With BigDog , Boston Dynamics demonstrated to DARPA the feasibility of a legged robot , which was significant for its potential to traverse sand , rocks , mud and snow under conditions that would strand a robot that ran on wheels or tracks .
The company tested its technology at Marine Corps Base Quantico in Virginia , where it showed that BigDog could carry about half its own body weight up difficult hiking trails and that it could carry 1.5 times its body weight on flat level terrain .
Testing also showed that it could operate without a driver , using an onboard computer vision system to follow a leader who wore a special vest ( not unlike an actual dog tagging along behind its master ) , and that it could travel autonomously using a global positioning system to locations specified on a map ( correcting for balance on uneven terrain as it went ) .
The BigDog could march 19 kilometers before needing to refuel .
The LS3 — which could end up resembling the Imperial walkers from the Star Wars movies , albeit on a smaller scale — is essentially " BigDog on steroids , " Raibert says .
The LS3 will have a leg up on its predecessor via its ability to travel autonomously without the need for preset coordinates or soldiers to wear special clothing .
The new quadruped will have " a higher level of maturity in terms of system and autonomous operation , " Raibert says .
" The challenge is to make this fit within a certain size . "
One of DARPA 's specifications is that the LS3 weigh no more than 570 kilograms when fully loaded .
Although LS3's propulsion system is still being designed , BigDog 's used a two - stroke , go - kart gasoline combustion engine to drive a hydraulic pump .
Whereas BigDog had an 18 - horsepower engine , Raibert says he wants the LS3's power plant to be at least 40 horsepower .
The LS3 will also have to operate no louder than 70 decibels , significantly quieter than BigDog .
( This video of BigDog released by Boston Dynamics in 2008 demonstrates just how loud BigDog can be when on the move , thanks at least in part to its engine . )
The first 30 months of the project constitute phase 1 , at the end of which Boston Dynamics will have to deliver two prototype LS3s that can carry the required weight ( 181 kilograms ) a required distance ( at least 32 kilometers ) across a relatively flat surface .
The LS3s will also have to be able to run up to 16 kilometers per hour and feature at least a rudimentary version of the systems it will need to operate autonomously .
Boston Dynamics has enlisted the aid of engineers and scientists at defense contractor AAI Corp. , aircraft - maker Bell Helicopter , Carnegie Mellon 's National Robotics Engineering Center , NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory and motion - control systems provider Woodward HRT to develop the LS3's hydraulics , propulsion and guidance systems .
Although JPL previously did some work with Boston Dynamics on the BigDog 's vision guidance systems , this is the first time the company has collaborated outside its walls to develop its robots .
STEPHEN FRY IN AMERICA : FIFTY STATES AND THE MAN WHO SET OUT TO SEE THEM ALL
By Stephen Fry
William Morrow , $ 34.99
314 pages
REVIEWED BY JEREMY LOTT
In 1831 , French politician and thinker Alexis de Tocqueville visited the still growing United States , traveled widely and took copious notes .
He assembled those notes in two volumes , published five years apart , titled “ Democracy in America , ” that are still studied and quoted today .
The title “ Stephen Fry in America ” echoes de Tocqueville ’s classic , but also puts the reader on notice that the ambition here is scaled back .
This is n’t an attempt to understand America , Mr. Fry says , as much as to experience it .
And it ’s supposed to be as much a window into the author as subject .
Mr. Fry receives glancing recognition in the United States , but he ’s huge on the other side of the pond because he ’s so very British .
He ’s an actor , writer , talking head , director and quiz - show host .
He played Jeeves in “ Jeeves and Wooster , ” Oscar Wilde in “ Wilde ” ( like Wilde , Mr. Fry is gay and served time in prison , though in Mr. Fry ’s case for the theft of a credit card ) , and adapted Evelyn Waugh ’s novel “ Vile Bodies ” to film ( as “ Bright Young Things ” ) .
He created and co-starred in the sketch comedy “ A Bit of Fry and Laurie ” ( with current “ House M.D. ” star Hugh Laurie ) .
He was a columnist for the Daily Telegraph , a novelist of some distinction and has written nonfiction books on his early , troubled life , on how to write poetry , and about endangered species .
He hosts the popular comedy quiz show “ QI ” and regularly makes documentary miniseries for the BBC .
“ Stephen Fry in America ” is an outgrowth of a six - part BBC miniseries of the same name , and organization of the book is closely related to the show .
Through nine months of filming , on and off , he at least sets foot in all 50 states , and often navigates American waters .
He works a lobster boat off Eastport , Maine ; sails off Newport , R.I. in an America ’s Cup winning vessel ; canoes the Mississippi River ; tours a nuclear submarine in Connecticut ; ferries across Lake Champlain to New York ; and swims with dolphins off Florida .
He also descends into a West Virginia coal mine , ascends in a hot - air balloon over North Carolina , goes hunting with plaid - wearing weekend warriors in upstate New York , canvasses New Hampshire with presidential hopeful Mitt Romney and does turning doughnuts on a Texas beach in his trademark London big black cab .
Mr. Fry confesses in the introduction that he undertook the project for a personal reason .
“ I was so nearly American .
I was that close , ” he writes .
His father , a scientist , had been offered a job at Princeton and turned it down .
“ One of the reasons he turned it down , ” Mr. Fry explains , “ is that he did n’t think he liked the idea of his children growing up American . ”
Stephen learned this when he was 10 and immediately created an alter ego named Steve .
The miniseries and now the book were ways of exploring that alternate reality .
What would Steve have been like ?
What might he have enjoyed about this great sprawling country ?
Fortunately , he does n’t lean on that doppelganger device too hard .
It could get annoying .
This reviewer ’s favorite bit comes from Mr. Fry ’s visit to Ukiah , Calif. , for the comic cultural contrasts .
Mr. Fry is scheduled to fire handguns for the first time .
At the police shooting range , Mr. Fry tells the patient sheriff that the town ’s name is haiku spelled backwards , badly bungles a witticism ( “ Just as well you are n’t called Traf . ”
“ How ’s that ? ” “ Oh never mind . ” ) , and lets the officer instruct him how to fire a Glock pistol .
He takes aim , manages to hit the target on his first try , and is instantly though briefly “ transformed from Stephen Tut - Tut , the wise and sensible anti-firearms abolitionist into Stephen Blam - Blam . ”
The sheriff then asks him , “ Now that you can handle firearms , how ’d you like to take part in a drug bust ? ” and is n’t joking .
We see a picture of Mr. Fry with a Kevlar vest strapped to him and scenes from the drug bust as proof of this .
Mr. Fry finds something nice to say about nearly every state that he visits , except for New Jersey .
His visit to Atlantic City turns into an extended rant against Donald Trump and his Taj Mahal casino .
( “ There is nothing here that I would not be ashamed to be seen owning . ” )
He visits all the states but only technically .
Mr. Fry drives through Delaware and only briefly stops at the Montana state line , on the Continental Divide , and on the border with Idaho .
His specific observations are often dead - on but when he slips into generalizations , especially those involving American history , things can get ugly .
He calls the shootings by the National Guard at Kent State during 1970 anti-war protests , which left four students dead , one paralyzed , and eight seriously injured , “ Perhaps the most shameful and shocking example to date of ruthless state power perpetuated in America against its own citizens . ”
Perhaps an editor should have asked Mr. Fry to consider the fiery FBI - Branch Davidian showdown in Waco , Texas .
This book has some good , short writing and some truly wonderful pictures .
That makes it a great coffee table book or a supplement to the BBC series .
But it ’s perhaps not the ideal introduction to Stephen Fry for the uninitiated .
Jeremy Lott is editor of Capital Research Center ’s Labor Watch newsletter and author of “ The Warm Bucket Brigade : The Story of the American Vice Presidency . ”
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
Right up there with excuses like the Twinkie Defense in believability .
On the other hand , would you admit this if it were n’t true ?
Or desperate ?
According to a recent deposition given by Republican Nevada Governor Jim Gibbons , he has not had sex in 15 years , he did n’t sleep with a former Playboy model , and perhaps most surprisingly , he does n’t tell jokes very well .
CBS affiliate KLAS - TV reports that Gibbons was recently deposed regarding allegations of an assault that occurred in 2006 .
The federal civil suit was brought by Chrissy Mazzeo , a cocktail waitress who says that Gibbons assaulted and groped her in a parking lot after spending hours drinking at a Las Vegas restaurant .
The alleged assault never resulted in any criminal charges , but on February 5 of this year , the governor was deposed for four hours by Mazzeo ’s attorney , Bob Kossack .
During the deposition , Gibbons claimed that he has n’t been sexually intimate with any woman since 1995 , and that he ’s “ living proof that you can survive without sex for that long . ”
[…]
Other things the Governor denied during the deposition : he did n’t play footsie with Chrissy Mazzeo on the night of the alleged assault , because he was wearing cowboy boots , and he did n’t tell her any raunchy jokes , because he is n’t a good joke teller .
Mark Webber has confessed that had the 2009 Red Bull Racing challenger been ' a total sh*t box ' and led to yet another barren season in the top flight , he would likely have elected to call time on his F1 career .
As it was , of course , the Renault - powered RB5 proved to be one of the leading contenders last year , coming on particularly strong once the contentious double - diffuser issue had been officially clarified and enabling Webber to not only memorably break his duck after no fewer than 130 starts at the highest level in the German Grand Prix at the N?rburgring , but also to follow it up with a second triumph in the Brazilian Grand Prix at Interlagos and add six further rostrum finishes to his tally - and very nearly launch a genuine title challenge into the bargain .
The broken leg sustained in a mountain - biking accident late in 2008 undoubtedly compromised the early part of the Australian 's campaign - and with his contract coming up for renewal and memories still fresh of seven mediocre and frustrating seasons in F1 with Minardi , Jaguar , Williams and RBR that had yielded just 100 points and a scant two podiums , he reflected that his motivation had been beginning to ebb away .
And then came the dramatic turnaround that transformed the New South Wales native from a midfield journeyman into a driver who on paper has as good a chance of challenging for the 2010 F1 World Championship laurels as just about anyone else .
" I do n't know , " the 33 - year - old told The Australian newspaper , when asked if 2009 would have been his final campaign in the sport had things not gone well again .
" If we 'd had a total sh*t box , maybe .
Two or three years ago , I was n't particularly enjoying it a huge amount and I was n't a million miles away [ from retirement ] then .
You have to be enjoying it , and you have to be motivated .
That fire has to keep going .
" It was a very tough start to [ 2009 ] for me mentally with the [ mountain - biking ] accident , and if that had been coupled with a tough season results - wise , it might have been enough to put water on the flame - but fortunately , it was enough to put petrol on it .
" Last year was very , very important in terms of the outlook on my whole career .
The fire is burning now .
I am getting up each day and I care and I am taking responsibility for myself . "
When you 're trying to build a good credit history , one oft - repeated piece of advice is to get a couple of credit cards and pay them off on time .
Credit cards are n't the only way to skin the credit cat , though .
Advertisement
Photo by SqueakyMarmot .
Not everyone likes the idea of carrying around credit cards in the first place , much less using them just to establish a good credit history .
If credit cards are n't your cup of tea , take look at some alternatives recommended by finance blog Suburban Dollar :
Borrow from Yourself –
This is the easiest method to establish your own credit history without a credit card .
Buy a Certificate of Deposit ( CD ) from a bank .
Then take out a secured loan against the CD for the same amount of time .
Put the money you borrowed in a high - yield checking account .
Then use the money you borrowed to payback the secured loan .
You 'll be establishing a credit history and earning interest on your checking account and CD .
There are some downfalls to this method .
You need the starting capital to fund the CD .
You could end up paying more interest on the secured loan than earn through your CD and checking account ; however , it 's probably less than what you 'd pay in fees and interest if you used a credit card .
Just make sure to weigh the true costs before going down this road .
Advertisement
We 've looked before at ways to safely build your credit history and how to get credit when you have no history at all .
What things have you done to build or improve your credit without taking out credit cards — or are you perfectly happy with your credit card ?
Share your tips in the comments .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Can you Build a Credit History Without Getting a Credit Card [ Suburban Dollar ]
Author : Anže Vidmar
I find myself not browsing the Web as much as I used to , thanks to Liferea , a Linux - based aggregator for online news feeds .
A news aggregator eliminates the need for surfing the Web as much .
Instead of going to all the Web pages you have bookmarked to read your favorite blogs , news , or media presentations , you can simply add an RSS / RDF or Atomsyndication format to Liferea and have all the news feeds at your command .
Of course this works only for Web sites that support these syndication formats , but most modern sites do support at least one of them .
Liferea installation is easy .
You can find it in most popular Linux distribution repositories and install it with a single click or a simple command .
To check whether Liferea is in your distribution ’s repository , refer to the project ’s list of distribution packages .
If it ’s not there , you can grab the latest source tarball and use the standard method for compiling binaries from source :
tar xvfz liferea *
cd liferea *
./ configure
make
make install
After the successful installation , Liferea will be accessible from the Application -> Internet -> Liferea Feed Reader menu .
To start using it , you can add subscriptions to your newly installed feed reader .
When adding new feeds you can specify the exact URL feed or use autodiscovery , which will find and add the correct feed URL for you when you specify base URL ( such as linux.com , for example ) .
This is useful if you do n’t know the exact syndication format URL .
Besides standard news feeds , you can also add your Gmail account subscription to Liferea .
In the New Subscription dialog box , type the URL https://mail.google.com/mail/feed/atom.
The software will ask for your Gmail username and password , then let you see your messages .
Be warned , however , that Liferea saves the authentication information in plain text in the ~/.liferea_1.2/feedlist.opml file .
If you like Liferea and decide that you want to use it on a second computer , you can export the feedlist . opml file and import it to another Liferea installation , and enjoy reading your favorite feeds pronto .
Under Liferea ’s Feeds menu you ’ll find options to Import Feed List and Export Feed List .
Once you ’ve added some subscriptions , you can sort them into folders by dragging and dropping them .
For example , you could create folders called blogs , news , and comics , and drop appropriate subscriptions into the appropriate folders .
Liferea displays feed text ( including pictures ) in its reading panel .
If you would like to visit a feed URL in your browser , you have two choices .
By default , double - clicking on a feed will open your system Web browser and open that page for you .
If you prefer Web browsing integration with your feed reader , you can configure Liferea to use the Mozilla browser module , so that when you double - click on a feed , the page is loaded inside Liferea .
You can enable this feature by checking the “ Open links in Liferea ’s windows ” option under the Browser tab in preferences .
Searching through your feeds is easy and fast .
Liferea provides a search form into which you can type a search string .
You can choose to display the results in the feeds panel , or placed them in a new folder that you specify before you click on the Search button .
You can configure Liferea to sit in the system tray and to update all feeds in some user - defined time period .
The tray icon will alert you via pop -up window when new feeds arrive .
Liferea ’s interface is slick and simple , and the software supports all kinds of useful features .
It ’s an application that just might change your Web browsing habits .
MONTREAL -- Jean - Claude Rochefort , the man who ran a web site devoted to mass murderer Marc Lepine , was denied bail at the Montreal courthouse on Thursday .
A judge said Rochefort , 61 , must stay behind bars to protect women in the community .
Rochefort was arrested in December on the eve of the 20th anniversary of the Ecole Polytechnique massacre , and charged with uttering death threats against women in general .
The Crown alleges the self - described men's rights advocate posted hateful and menacing comments toward women on his blog .
Rochefort admits his blog may be in poor taste , but says he has the right to express his opinions .
Those opinions consider Marc Lepine , the gunman at Polytechnique , a folk hero who fought feminism .
The Surete du Quebec began monitoring Rochefort 's blog last summer , but it was the Montreal Police Department that took him into custody .
When searching his apartment , officers found a vintage firearm from WWI and charged him with gun possession and uttering threats .
Rochefort was sent for psychiatric evaluation and found fit to stand trial .
Rochefort 's lawyer says the Crown 's evidence does n't correspond to the charge , and tried to obtain bail for his client on the condition he not use his computer .
" On the defence we think it 's more kind of brutal opinion , but we do n't think it 's threats , it 's still opinion , " said Cynthia Gyenizse .
Quebec court justice Claude Leblond disagreed , and read excerpts of the blog in court .
" What I see here is a recipe for a massacre , " said Leblond .
" I do n't have any explanations about what 's going on in his head . "
Rochefort will return to court on February 16 .
Fido Fashions ' Power - Generating Dog Leash adds some much - needed design to this usually boring product category ; the device features on - board storage for waste bags and an array of three LED lights for night walks .
The cool part is that the LEDs are battery - free -- they 're powered by the coil and recoil of the leash .
Product Design & Development 's " Inside Design " section has an interview up with Andrew Goddard of Goddard Technologies , the industrial design firm behind the leash .
Check it out here .
Though precise statistics are difficult to obtain , PHP is undeniably a top choice as a Website building language .
Since October 2009 , the TIOBE Programming Community Index has PHP holding third place -- behind Java and C -- among programming languages overall .
Regardless of the exact extent of PHP 's usage , you need only consider that Web sites such as Facebook -- which manages millions of users and petabytes of content -- use PHP ; workloads of that magnitude demand a serious programming language and supporting environment .
You can't build a world - class Website without a good development environment .
In the case of PHP , the development environment must be particularly capable ; a PHP programmer will rarely be programming only in PHP .
PHP is necessarily entwined with HTML and JavaScript on the front end and with SQL on the back end .
Consequently , a good PHP IDE must allow the developer to work with equal ease in multiple languages ( both programming and markup ) and contexts .
In this article , we examine eight IDEs : ActiveState 's Komodo IDE , CodeLobster PHP Edition , Eclipse PHP Development Tools ( PDT ) , MPSoftware 's phpDesigner , NetBeans IDE for PHP , NuSphere 's PhpED , WaterProof 's PHPEdit , and Zend Studio .
All of these PHP toolkits offer strong support for the other languages and environments ( HTML , CSS , JavaScript , SQL database ) that a PHP developer encounters .
The key differences we discovered were in the tools they provide ( HTML inspector , SQL management system ) for various tasks , the quality of their documentation , and general ease - of - use .
In our estimation , four of these IDEs rise to the top .
Zend Studio is an excellent PHP IDE once you become familiar with the Eclipse landscape .
NuSphere 's PhpED is also first rate and deserves your consideration if you need a professional - quality IDE and support .
If you 're on a budget or you can make it without technical support , Eclipse PDT and NetBeans are exceptional tools .
[ Do n't see the scorecards , screen images , or table ?
Read the original article at InfoWorld.com . ]
As always , development tool choice is heavily influenced by personal idiosyncrasies .
For example , we know good developers who love Eclipse , and we know good developers who despise it .
All the IDEs in this roundup are either free or available for a reasonable trial period .
Use our commentary as a guide , but you owe it to yourself to spend some time with each IDE that appears to have the proper mixture of features needed on your PHP project .
See the first PHP tool : ActiveState Komodo
The anti-incumbent feeling in the U.S. will not lead to Democrats loosing the House , according to Rep. Chris Van Hollen .
The Democratic senator was quoted as saying anyone who thinks that Republicans could take control of the House is in “ la - la land . ”
He did n’t back down from his comments Sunday .
“ I have always said , David — way back a year ago , after the election of Barack Obama , I said this would be a tough political cycle , ” Van Hollen told NBC ’s David Gregory Sunday .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ The idea that [ Republicans ] will be measuring the drapes is clearly — they are high on their own hype , ” he said .
This video is from NBC ’s Meet the Press , broadcast Feb. 21 , 2010 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
You came , you saw , some of you were not convinced .
So what 's a gadget blog to do when picture evidence is n't enough ?
Why , get those pictures moving , of course , right up to 30 frames a second .
The stunning titanium iPhone 3GS from this morning is back , proving not only its existence in the corporeal realm , but also its much - disputed ability to place a call -- something that even the default plastic - backed units sometimes struggle with .
Look , we 're not in Austria and therefore can't lick it and tell you if it really tastes of titanium , but on the evidence we have the thing looks legit .
Judge for yourself after the break .
The Khronos Group consortium develops and maintains some of the key open standards driving today ’s compute , graphics , and media innovation .
Any company , institution , or individual may use the specifications and development resources to implement these standards in their products without royalties or licensing fees .
Active Standards
Exploratory Groups
Developer Resources
A study by the Pew Research Center ’s Forum on Religion & Public Life , finds that 64 nations — about one - third of the countries in the world — have high or very high restrictions on religion .
Because some of the most restrictive countries are very populous , nearly 70 % of the world ’s 6.8 billion people live in countries with heavy restrictions on religion , the brunt of which often falls on religious minorities .
Some restrictions result from government actions , policies and laws .
Others result from hostile acts by private individuals , organizations and social groups .
Among the world ’s 25 most populous countries , Iran , Egypt , Indonesia , Pakistan and India stand out as having the most restrictions , taking both measures into account , while Brazil , Japan , the United States , Italy , South Africa and the United Kingdom have the least .
Read More
Frans de Waal says many people believe that " the economy was killed by irresponsible risk - taking , a lack of regulation or a bubbling housing market , but the problem goes deeper .
...
The ultimate flaw was the lure of bad biology , which resulted in a gross simplification of human nature , " In particular , the reduction of human behavior to one motive , self - interest , is at fault ( this is a much shortened version of the original ) :
How bad biology killed the economy , by Frans de Waal , RSA Journal : ... The book of nature is like the Bible : everyone reads into it what they like , from tolerance to intolerance and from altruism to greed .
But it ’s good to realize that , if biologists never stop talking about competition , this does n’t mean that they advocate it , and if they call genes selfish , this does n’t mean that genes actually are .
Genes ca n’t be any more ‘ selfish ’ than a river can be ‘ angry ’ or sun rays ‘ loving ’ .
Genes are little chunks of DNA .
At most , they are self - promoting , because successful genes help their carriers spread more copies of themselves .
...
[ Many people have ] fallen hook , line and sinker for the selfish - gene metaphor , thinking that if our genes are selfish , then we must be selfish , too .
... [ T ] oo many economists and politicians ... model human society on the perpetual struggle that they believe exists in nature , which is actually no more than a projection .
Like magicians , they first throw their ideological prejudices into the hat of nature , then pull them out by their very ears to show how much nature agrees with them .
It ’s a trick for which we have fallen for too long .
Obviously , competition is part of the picture , but humans can’t live by competition alone .
...
Lovers of open competition can’t resist invoking evolution .
The e-word even slipped into the infamous ‘ greed speech ’ of Gordon Gekko , the corporate raider played by Michael Douglas in the 1987 movie Wall Street : “ The point is , ladies and gentleman , that ‘ greed ’ – for lack of a better word – is good .
Greed is right .
Greed works .
Greed clarifies , cuts through and captures the essence of the evolutionary spirit . ” ...
Is the evolutionary spirit really all about greed , as Gekko claimed , or is there more to it ?
The government 's response to the housing bust has been to double down on the same policies that got us into trouble in the first place .
Since the crash , there 's been a push to make money even cheaper , and to expand programs that allow people with little money to buy homes .
Shockingly , considering how ugly the housing market remains , these efforts have probably mitigated economic pain somewhat .
And as such , there 's already a freakout over the possibility that the government will withdraw its support measures .
The New York Times profiles Elkhart , Indiana , a city Obama has already visited twice .
A few years ago , only one in 10 buyers in Elkhart used the housing agency program .
Now about half do .
Across the country , the agency has greatly expanded its reach so that it now insures six million mortgages .
“ There has been all kinds of help for housing .
I ’m not unappreciative , ” said Barb Swartley , president of the Elkhart County Board of Realtors .
“ But you ca n’t turn real estate into a government - sponsored operation forever . ”
So , what kinds of buyers in Elkhart are taking advantage of government largesse ?
The programs favor first - time buyers , who have the fewest resources to bring to a deal .
Heather Stevens , a 23 - year - old nurse here , is closing on a three - bedroom house this week .
Since her loan was insured by the Federal Housing Administration , she had to put down only 3.5 percent of the $ 74,900 purchase price .
“ It was a breeze to get approved , ” she said .
The sellers are covering her closing costs , which agents say is often the case here .
That meant Ms. Stevens had to come up with only the $ 2,600 down payment , which still took all her savings .
But the best part is the $ 7,500 tax credit .
She will use that to remodel the kitchen .
“ If it was n’t for the credit , we would have waited to buy , ” said Ms. Stevens , who is getting married this year .
It did n’t happen overnight .
It took a lot of pain and tears , but somehow I ’m better off now .
I know the person that I never want to be again .
Arizona State University scientists have come up with a new twist in their efforts to develop a faster and cheaper way to read the DNA genetic code .
They have developed the first , versatile DNA reader that can discriminate between DNA 's four core chemical components ⎯the key to unlocking the vital code behind human heredity and health .
Led by ASU Regents ' Professor Stuart Lindsay , director of the Biodesign Institute 's Center for Single Molecule Biophysics , the ASU team is one of a handful that has received stimulus funds for a National Human Genome Research Initiative , part of the National Institutes of Health , to make DNA genome sequencing as widespread as a routine medical checkup .
The broad goal of this " $ 1000 genome " initiative is to develop a next - generation DNA sequencing technology to usher in the age of personalized medicine , where knowledge of an individual 's complete , 3 billion - long code of DNA information , or genome , will allow for a more tailored approach to disease diagnosis and treatment .
With current technologies taking almost a year to complete at a cost of several hundreds of thousands of dollars , less than 20 individuals on the planet have had their whole genomes sequenced to date .
To make their research dream a reality , Lindsay 's team has envisioned building a tiny , nanoscale DNA reader that could work like a supermarket checkout scanner , distinguishing between the four chemical letters of the DNA genetic code , abbreviated by A , G , C , and T , as they rapidly pass by the reader .
To do so , they needed to develop the nanotechnology equivalent of threading the eye of a needle .
In this case , the DNA would be the thread that could be recognized as it moved past the reader ' eye . '
During the past few years , Lindsay 's team has made steady progress , and first demonstrated the ability to read individual DNA sequences in 2008 -- but this approach was limited because they had to use four separate readers to recognize each of the DNA bases .
More recently , they demonstrated the ability to thread DNA sequences through the narrow hole of a fundamental building block of nanotechnology , the carbon nanotube .
Lindsay 's team relies on the eyes of nanotechnology , scanning tunneling - ( STM ) and atomic force - ( ATM ) microscopes , to make their measurements .
The microscopes have a delicate electrode tip that is held very close to the DNA sample .
In their latest innovation , Lindsay 's team made two electrodes , one on the end of microscope probe , and another on the surface , that had their tiny ends chemically modified to attract and catch the DNA between a gap like a pair of chemical tweezers .
The gap between these functionalized electrodes had to be adjusted to find the chemical bonding sweet spot , so that when a single chemical base of DNA passed through a tiny , 2.5 nanometer gap between two gold electrodes , it momentarily sticks to the electrodes and a small increase in the current is detected .
Any smaller , and the molecules would be able to bind in many configurations , confusing the readout , any bigger and smaller bases would not be detected .
" What we did was to narrow the number of types of bound configurations to just one per DNA base , " said Lindsay .
" The beauty of the approach is that all the four bases just fit the 2.5 nanometer gap , so it is one size fits all , but only just so ! "
At this scale , which is just a few atomic diameters wide , quantum phenomena are at play where the electrons can actually leak from one electrode to the other , tunneling through the DNA bases in the process .
Each of the chemical bases of the DNA genetic code , abbreviated A , C , T or G , gives a unique electrical signature as they pass between the gap in the electrodes .
By trial and error , and a bit of serendipity , they discovered that just a single chemical modification to both electrodes could distinguish between all 4 DNA bases .
" We 've now made a generic DNA sequence reader and are the first group to report the detection of all 4 DNA bases in one tunnel gap , " said Lindsay .
" Also , the control experiments show that there is a certain ( poor ) level of discrimination with even bare electrodes ( the control experiments ) and this is in itself , a first too . "
" We were quite surprised about binding to bare electrodes because , like many physicists , we had always assumed that the bases would just tumble through .
But actually , any surface chemist will tell you that the bases have weak chemical interactions with metal surfaces . "
Next , Lindsay 's group is hard at work trying to adapt the reader to work in water - based solutions , a critically practical step for DNA sequencing applications .
Also , the team would like to combine the reader capabilities with the carbon nanotube technology to work on reading short stretches of DNA .
If the process can be perfected , DNA sequencing could be performed much faster than current technology , and at a fraction of the cost .
Only then will the promise of personalized medicine reach a mass audience .
The authors on the Nano Letters paper are : Shuai Chang , Shuo Huang , Jin He , Feng Liang , Peiming Zhang , Shengqing Li , Xiang Chen , Otto Sankey and Stuart Lindsay
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement TV presenter Ray Gosling has been arrested on suspicion of murder by Nottinghamshire Police after he admitted killing his lover .
The 70 - year - old 's confession that he had smothered the unnamed man who was dying of Aids was broadcast on the BBC's Inside Out programme on Monday .
The Nottingham filmmaker said he had made a pact with his lover to act if his suffering increased .
Police are questioning the presenter over his claims .
A police spokesman said : " A 70 - year - old Nottingham man was arrested earlier on suspicion of murder following comments made on the BBC's Inside Out programme on Monday evening . "
He 's in good spirits but these are very difficult times for Ray
Digby Johnson , solicitor Mr Gosling has previously said he would not name his lover or say when the incident took place .
In the BBC East Midlands programme , broadcast on Monday , he told how he smothered the man with a pillow while he was in hospital after doctors told him that there was nothing further that could be done for him .
Mr Gosling did not name either his lover or the hospital .
Ray Gosling 's solicitor , Digby Johnson , spoke outside Oxclose Lane Police station earlier .
' Very difficult times '
He said : " Ray has been at the police station for approaching five hours and investigations are at a very early stage .
" He 's in good spirits but these are very difficult times for Ray .
" Everybody has been carefully respecting Ray 's wishes and I request that you do the same . "
Mr Gosling said he was aware of the possible consequences and had no regrets .
In the film , he said : " It 's a terrible situation .
I loved him to bits .
" We had a pact - he said if the pain gets bad and if nothing can be done , do n't let him linger on .
" I do n't think it 's a crime . "
He said : " I said to the doctor : ' Leave me just for a bit , ' and he went away .
" I picked up the pillow and smothered him until he was dead .
" The doctor came back and I said : ' He 's gone . '
Nothing more was ever said .
" When you love someone , it is difficult to see them suffer . "
Assisted suicide remains a criminal offence , but interim guidelines issued in September by the director of public prosecutions set out the factors which weigh in favour of and against prosecution .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
ANALYSIS / OPINION :
OP -ED :
FLORENCE , Italy .
The legendary “ ugly American ” is getting a new lease on life from a new generation of Americans descending on European cities and towns like the barbarian invaders of old .
These young people actually damage American foreign policy .
They reinforce the perception - spread widely during the last eight years - that an undisciplined American society produces people who are generally irresponsible and disorderly and frequently dangerous to themselves and others .
A little bar claiming to be an English pub is nestled in a narrow , ancient back street lined with workshops with small apartments above .
In the bar , most evenings , young , college - age kids drink themselves senseless .
A conversation between two young men : “ When did you get home last night ? ” “ I do n’t remember . ”
“ When did you wake up ? ” “ About 4 this afternoon .
I was in the elevator . ”
The young women are really astonishing .
The bar specializes in drinks for them - served in glasses the size of fish bowls .
The bartender pours into each huge glass various brightly colored syrups - presumably sweet .
Then he adds something that looks like fruit juice and pours into each glass a third of a liter of vodka .
One tiny young woman , no more than 5 feet tall , orders two such drinks in less than half an hour .
In Italy , drunkenness is such a small problem that there is no law prohibiting bartenders from serving drinks to customers who are already drunk .
The bar is small and crowded , and smoking is prohibited , so kids pour into the street .
The laughter and drunken banter ricochet harshly off the walls of the buildings .
Neighbors often complain to the police .
The kids in this case are all Americans .
All of them at this one bar attend a certain small , conservative , religiously affiliated college in the United States .
But the kids from this particular school are not alone .
At this point , 38 U.S. colleges and universities have formal programs in Florence for thousands of U.S. students .
Many are an embarrassment .
Not too long ago , newspapers here reprinted pictures of American girls relieving themselves in one of the great squares in Florence , in front of one of the beloved 15th - century churches designed by Filippo Brunelleschi .
Stroll through the center of Florence around midnight , after a proper Italian dinner , and chances are pretty good you will run into a bunch of kids making a whole lot more noise than everybody else in the neighborhood , some of them weaving drunkenly and falling down .
Chances are 1 in 10 that they are English .
Otherwise , they are sure to be American .
There is no alternative .
They are never Italian , French or from anywhere else on the Continent .
Europeans are incredulous .
They simply do not understand such behavior , which is totally unknown to the locals .
It is also a source of some serious problems .
In a bizarre incident , criminal charges have been filed against an American student in Florence .
According to the police , she and a friend tried to trespass onto the grounds of a large , private villa .
A guard tried to stop them .
There was a scuffle , and the friend received a knife wound in the leg .
There was no firm indication whose knife it was .
The student and her friend walked a short distance to a public bench .
He laid down , and she sat beside him .
He slowly bled to death , with her sitting beside him with an unused cell phone .
Apparently , she made no effort to help him , and she now claims she was so drunk she cannot remember anything .
The Italian authorities do n’t know how to deal with her .
Her inability to aid in her own defense is something they have not experienced .
There is widespread consensus that American women students in Florence have been subjected to a dramatically increased wave of rapes .
But few , if any , are making any reports or filing any charges , because they have been so drunk so often in public that they would have difficulty making any charges stick .
Then there ’s the story of the young American woman student in Perugia , the university town not quite 100 miles south of here , who is now on trial for the murder of her English roommate .
Things have gotten so bad in Florence that U.S. Consul General Mary Ellen Countryman has said “ loud , drunk and disrespectful ” American students are just about the first thing she hears about when she meets an Italian .
A previous consul - general was called on the carpet by the mayor of Florence , who demanded he do something .
A lawyer in Florence for one American college is asked about the problem .
The answer : “ You think alcohol is the problem ?
I ’ll tell you what the real problem is .
They ’re all on drugs .
They ’re all on Ritalin , or lithium , or anti-depressants , and they stop taking them , or they take them erratically . ”
They neglect to follow up on their referrals to local psychiatrists , raising liability concerns .
So American parents who have failed to prepare their children to live in an adult world need to be aware that when they send their progeny off to Europe , in addition to imbibing the culture of the ages , they may well be imbibing suicidal amounts of alcohol .
Why are American kids so much more susceptible to binge drinking than Europeans ?
Why do they need so much more mental health care ?
Why do they need so much more psychotropic medication ?
Is there reason to suspect American kids are nowhere nearly as well prepared for life as their European contemporaries ?
Travel holds up a mirror that lets us see ourselves better .
From here , the image is pretty scary .
George H. Lesser has reported for more than 30 years on international political and economic developments for both U.S. and European publications .
He has been based in Washington , New York , London and Brussels , and lives in Washington D.C. and Florence , Italy .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
A Losing Game of Bridge City Council Caves to Anti-Transit Plan for the 520 Bridge
Nothing but problems .
Ananda LaVita
Until very recently , the Seattle City Council 's position on the 520 bridge seemed clear .
The council wanted to replace the decaying four - lane bridge with a new six - lane span that used the new lanes for transit , it wanted buses crossing Lake Washington to stop close to the future light - rail station at Husky Stadium , and it wanted to restrict the potential flood of cars entering the city .
To drive the message home , the council unanimously passed two resolutions , one specifically calling for giving " priority to design elements that enhance transit . "
It wrote a letter to the governor in January , calling on her to " maximize the opportunity for dedicated transit lanes . "
The next day , Council Member Tim Burgess wrote on his blog , " I personally believe that the two additional lanes — lanes five and six — should be limited to transit - only from the start . "
And council president Richard Conlin assailed a state recommendation for the west side of the bridge in November because he was " not convinced it makes the connections between buses on 520 and the light - rail station at the university .
And I 'm not sure what it does as far as accommodating future light rail , " he said .
But then the council did something unexpected .
A five - person quorum of the Seattle City Council stood side by side with Eastside legislators and suburban officials at a press conference on February 4 to demand that the 520 bridge project proceed — before any of Seattle 's requests had been met .
" It is time to put over a decade of planning behind us , " said Bellevue City Council member Grant Degginger .
Indeed , it 's an urgent project .
The current floating concrete span , completed in 1963 , is leaking and will sink unless replaced or repaired ; the state wants to rebuild it by 2014 .
" It is time to begin construction , " said Degginger .
And Conlin stepped up to the microphone to concur .
But critics argue that beginning construction on the east side of the bridge would commit Seattle to an unworkable plan for the west side — and lock the design into everything the Seattle City Council opposed .
The state recommended in November that the two new lanes hold buses and carpools ( lacking dedicated right - ­of - ways for buses or future light rail ) , and that a second drawbridge be built across the nearby Montlake Cut to handle all the extra traffic .
The state estimates that during rush hour , 500 more cars per hour will cross the bridge 's midpoint than currently do — bringing thousands of additional cars a day into the already congested streets of Montlake and onto I - 5 .
Moreover , the bus stops under the state plan are several blocks from the future Husky Stadium light - rail station .
This option is called A +.
" The council says they oppose this A+ option , but today they are standing with people who support A+ , " said Mayor Mike McGinn , reached by phone after the press conference .
He says modifying the design would n't necessarily take longer , but beginning construction " will lock us into a six - lane highway and not getting the transit we should . "
Opposition forces are ready for a fight .
The Coalition for a Sustainable SR 520 launched a campaign early this month to oppose the state 's plan .
" I hope we can avoid a lawsuit , " says Fran Conley , ringleader of the group , which includes several neighborhoods within a couple miles of the Montlake area and is supported by Mayor McGinn and Seattle 's entire 43rd District legislative delegation .
" We would much rather negotiate , but we have hired a lawyer and developed a war chest . "
The group is trying to negotiate a plan that puts light rail on the two new lanes , mitigates added traffic to the Arboretum , lowers the bridge 's 30 - foot height across the lake ( a three - story wall across Lake Washington ) , and connects buses with the transit station at Husky Stadium .
The public supports this plan and rejects the state 's plan .
In late January , Constituent Dynamics conducted a poll , funded by the 520 coalition , that found 69 percent of residents on both sides of the lake preferred " light rail and buses " in the new lanes .
They also preferred a shorter , narrower bridge .
For their part , all five of the council members at the press conference ( Richard Conlin , Sally Clark , Tom Rasmussen , Jean Godden , and Tim Burgess ) oppose the state 's preferred option , too — at least in theory — saying that plans for the west side of the bridge must be completely reconfigured .
However , they contend that Seattle can still influence the bridge 's design after construction starts .
The city has agreed to a 120 - day negotiation period with the state , and it has retained a consultant to help .
Council Member Burgess says that the Washington State Department of Transportation and the city " have agreed to sit at the table and explore alternatives that would lower the height of the bridge across the lake , possibly shrink the size of Montlake interchange so it has a smaller footprint , consider alterations to the on- and off - ramps in the Arboretum , and improve ease of use to a transit connection . "
Sounds good , but caveats in Burgess 's language — " explore alternatives , " " possibly , " " consider " — reveal Seattle 's weak footing .
If the state does n't agree , the city has little recourse .
In all likelihood , calls for light rail across the bridge are unrealistic ; including train tracks would require another environmental study for light rail , which the state never did despite years of planning ( but light rail could be laid down in future years ) .
But the council giving the go - ahead on construction raises serious questions about the city getting what it wants :
How can the council achieve design changes to " transit connectivity and functionality across the entire SR 520 corridor " or reducing the height of the bridge after breaking ground ?
Moreover , how does the city change the dysfunctional west - side proposal while staying within the project 's budget ?
The state legislature capped the whole project 's budget at $ 4.65 billion ; the west side at $ 2 billion .
Other options studied by the state — such as the one preferred by Conlin — are $ 2.5 billion or more .
Asked how Seattle could accomplish its goals with less money than estimates say we need , Conlin says , " We are not sure . "
Asked the same question , state house transportation committee chair Judy Clibborn , a democrat who represents Mercer Island , says , " I do n't have an answer . "
The majority of the city council , by joining forces with the suburbs , has largely relinquished the city 's bargaining power .
In trying to negotiate with the state , all it can do is ask for what it wants — and the state can run out the clock and turn down the city 's requests .
Instead , the council could have teamed up with the Coalition for a Sustainable SR 520 and remained steadfast in demanding a transit - oriented Montlake interchange .
Doing so would have required compromise among the Seattle factions , but those factions at least have a common goal in mind : build a transit - oriented city .
The state has shown zero interest in that sort of planning .
" I think that battle is over , " laments state senator Ed Murray ( D - 43 ) .
Now that the council has given its approval to begin construction , it is " boxed in " on the design option .
" That 's a done deal , " says Murray .
Screw the fiddle and the dish -
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
subnetviz
Overview
subnetviz is trivial tool to visualize hierarchical relationships in IP subnets .
subnetviz takes a simple text - based input naming IP address blocks ( base address and prefix length pairs ) , along with optional labels , and produces an HTML - based tree to show which networks belong under which other networks .
This tool is especially helpful if you try arranging your subnets hierarchically .
It also makes it easy to spot areas of unallocated space .
Try it online , or download it below .
Download
The most recent release is 0.4 , released 2010 - 02-05 .
It depends on : Python 2.5 ( Debian : python2.5 ) , IPy ( Debian : python-ipy )
subnetviz-0.4.tar.gz : Python distutils distribution
subnetviz-0.4.tar.gz.sig : OpenPGP detached signature
I sign all my software with OpenPGP , key ID 0xE979FFBEA002D20 F , fingerprint A87B 1C5A 28C4 03BD 54BA CE8E E979 FFBE A002 D20F .
( Releases were previously signed with 0x80555CED7394F948 , which has been revoked , but not compromised .
See my OpenPGP transition statement . )
Copying
This software is licensed under permissive , BSD - like terms , copied from the ISC license :
Copyright ( c ) 2010 , Jean - Paul Guy Larocque Permission to use , copy , modify , and / or distribute this software for any purpose with or without fee is hereby granted , provided that the above copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies .
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED " AS IS " AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS .
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL , DIRECT , INDIRECT , OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE , DATA OR PROFITS , WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT , NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION , ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE .
Contact
I 'm reachable via e-mail for feedback , questions , help requests , and bug reports : jpl - software at thoughtcrime.us
— J.P. Larocque
Deadly Premonition released yesterday , although if you were n't reading Destructoid , you would n't have known .
The budget horror game launched with no fanfare , and I had to actually get my copy from under the counter at my local GameStop , because nobody thought to put it on the store shelf .
This , dear friends , is a crime .
Deadly Premonition is absolutely amazing , and to prove it , I present to you the greatest cutscene in videogame history .
There is too much brilliance to list .
The music , the contrived nature of the comedy , the facial expressions , the fact that the woman explains how a town clock works ; just everything about it is perfect .
Oh , and the sound on the video is not screwed up .
The music actually is too loud , and that bit where the woman 's voice is barely audible is part of the game .
That 's how fantastic this title is !
Our review will come as soon as it's been completed , but we kind of never want it to end .
Memories might have gone back to December 2004 , which saw similarly contrasting responses to the Indian Ocean tsunami catastrophe which cost nearly 300,000 lives .
Again , within hours the US took the lead in forming an alliance with Australia , India and Japan , and had sent in two battle groups fully equipped to deal with such an emergency , including 20 ships led by two carriers with 90 helicopters .
President Bush immediately pledged $ 35 million , later rising to $ 350 million .
Because they were self - sufficient , the US forces pulled off a stupendously successful life - saving operation , almost entirely ignored by the British media , notably the BBC ( whose journalists on the spot were nevertheless quite happy to hitch lifts from US helicopters ) .
Last week I visited Gaza , the first European Union foreign minister to do so in over a year .
My purpose was very much a humanitarian one , to see for myself the impact of a blockade that has now been imposed on the people of Gaza for some two - and - a - half years and to meet with the courageous and dedicated staff of the U.N. Relief and Works Agency ( UNRWA ) , including its director of operations , Irishman John Ging .
They play an indispensable role in maintaining vital humanitarian services to the people of Gaza .
From my arrival in Gaza , the deprivations and hardships resulting from the blockade were all too evident .
Visiting an UNRWA food distribution center , I could see for myself the despair and suffering etched in the faces of those who queued for the most basic rations of rice , milk powder and sunflower oil .
Eighty percent of the population of Gaza now lives below the poverty line and UNRWA is encountering increasing levels of abject poverty where people basically do not have enough food , even with their meager food allocations , to live .
The tragedy of Gaza is that it is fast in danger of becoming a tolerated humanitarian crisis , a situation that most right - thinking people recognize as utterly unacceptable in this day and age but which is proving extremely difficult to remedy or ameliorate due to the blockade and the wider ramifications of efforts to try and achieve political progress in the Middle East .
One can imagine how hard it is not to give in to despair and hopelessness in such an environment .
However , what was most impressive and heartening during my visit was the resilience and incredible dignity of ordinary people .
Bungie Reveals Halo : Reach Matchmaking and Social Features
Yesterday , I spoke with the team at Bungie for a preview of some of the new features for Halo : Reach 's multiplayer offering , including Active Roster , Queue - Joining , and the extremely exciting " Arena " system .
Now , I 've played a good amount of Halo 3 and Bungie 's plans for Reach have me extremely excited .
What follows will be pretty in - depth and assume some knowledge of Halo 3's multiplayer , but I 'll try to explain things in as much detail as possible .
New Features :
Active Roster -
This is a throwback to Halo 2 .
When you boot up Reach , right at the main menu or lobby , you 'll see a list of what your Xbox Live friends are doing within Reach .
You 'll get detailed information about any friends playing Reach including who they are partied with , what game they are in ( plus score and remaining time ) , and more .
Basically , Bungie wants to make it so that you do not have to utilize the Xbox Live Guide to find out what your buddies are doing in Reach .
Queue - Joining -
In Halo 3 , it was difficult to join friends that were already playing in a match .
You had to wait until they were finished .
If you started a game while you waited , they would then have to wait for you .
Instead of going back and forth , Reach will support queue - joining .
Simply put , Reach will automatically join up as soon as your friends are joinable .
Improved Voting System - Halo : Reach will utilize a new voting system , which Bungie described as " Veto 2.0 " .
Each playlist will provide players with four options .
The first will be a combination of map and gametype , much like you would see in Halo 3 .
The other three options will offer players additional choices to vote on .
Thankfully , you 'll know up front what your four options are so you no longer have to risk voting down a favored map , but unfavored gametype and getting an unfavored combination .
Behind - the - scenes , a lot of work has been done to give more flexibility to the playlist designers .
A designer could , for example , ensure that the first choice is always Team Slayer on a set of 3 popular maps , but offer different gametypes in the additional choices .
Arena Playlists - Possibly the largest change coming in Halo : Reach is the Arena .
This is a Slayer and Team Slayer set of playlists entirely geared toward the hardcore .
If that was n't enough , players will be rated and placed into skill divisions in month - long seasons .
The rating system is smart enough to realize that kills are n't the only determining factor behind skill .
This is especially true for team games where assists play a huge roll .
Similarly , players that have a greater kill / death ratio ( had more kills than deaths ) will rank higher than players that die as much as they kill .
The divisions are Onyx , Gold , Silver , Bronze , and Steel .
It is possible to move up or down within a single season .
To qualify for ranking , players will have to play a certain number of games a day to gain a " Daily Ranking " , which will be an average of a player 's best games from the day .
To get a divisional ranking and compete in a season , players will need a certain number of Daily Rankings .
Casual gametypes will not appear in Arena playlists .
You wo n't be seeing Rocket Race or Fiesta here .
Even though Arena is geared toward top - level players , it should help less skilled players avoid being matched up against people they have no chance of winning against .
Ranked and Social Combined -
Since the hardcore will be in the Arena , Bungie does n't want to further splinter the community .
In Halo 3 , Ranked and Social playlists served two different purposes .
Ranked games were generally of a higher quality , while social games were more casual .
In Reach , the playlists will be smart enough to put you and your party in the proper match based upon how many players you have .
Say you 're looking for a game in a four - on - four playlist .
If you bring four people , Reach will attempt to match your team against another group of four at a similar skill level .
If you go in with more than four , it will properly split your party across the teams and fill in the blanks with additional players .
Streamlined Party - Up - After a Halo 3 match , players were presented with the option to " Party Up " and merge lobbies with all willing players .
In Reach , it will be an opt - out system .
After a match , players will be kept together and it will automatically roll into looking for the next match .
The system is flexible enough to allow Bungie to determine , per playlist , whether to keep a team together and find a new set of opponents or keep an entire game together and move onto the next map .
Matchmaking Connection Options -
The options for finding games in matchmaking will be more open to the player , if they so choose .
If you only ever want to play in games with a good connection , that can be set in the options .
If you only ever want to play against players of a similar skill , that can be set .
The same goes for finding players that speak to same language .
Social Settings -
In addition to these connection options , players can rate themselves along four axes to add another layer of criteria to the matchmaking .
These wo n't trump anything else , but it will help Bungie build better teams .
Players will define their playstyle in the following four categories : Teamwork - Team Player vs. Lone Wolf
Motivation - Winning vs. Having Fun
Chattiness - Chatty vs. Quiet
Tone - Polite vs. Rowdy
This allows Bungie , for example , to try and build a team of chatty , polite , team - playing , winners in serious playlists .
It should also help alleviate the epidemic of smurfing ( creating new Xbox Live accounts ) to give maxed out players something to do in Halo 3 .
Instead of starting over , destroying noobs and reclimbing the skill charts , these top - level players will be encouraged to play season - after - season in the Arena and be meaningfully compared to each other .
It 's a system that has been a long - time - coming to a first - person shooter .
Look for more coverage on Halo : Reach from Shacknews soon and get ready for the beta , which begins on May 3rd .
The full game will be released exclusively for the Xbox 360 this fall .
See you online !
Infected PCs are under the control of cyber criminals Microsoft has won court approval to shut down a global network of computers which it says is responsible for more than 1.5 bn spam messages every day .
A US judge granted the firm 's request to shut down 277 internet domains , which it said were used to " command and control " the so - called Waledac botnet .
A botnet is a network of infected computers under the control of hackers .
The firm said that closing the domains would mean that up to 90,000 PCs would stop receiving orders to send out spam .
A recent analysis by the firm found that between 3 - 21 December " approximately 651 million spam e-mails attributable to Waledac were directed to Hotmail accounts alone " .
STAYING SAFE ONLINE
Use anti-spyware and anti-virus programs
On at least a weekly basis update anti-virus and spyware products Install a firewall and make sure it is switched on Make sure updates to your operating system are installed Take time to educate yourself and family about the risks Monitor your computer and stay alert to threats
Hi -tech crime : A glossary
It said it was one of the 10 largest botnets in the US .
Machines in a botnet have usually been infected by a computer virus or worm .
Typically , users do not know their machine has been hijacked .
Microsoft said that although it had effectively shut down the network , thousands of computers would still be infected with malware and advised people to run anti-virus software .
The court order was part of what was called " Operation b49 " .
Along with intelligence organisation Shadowserver , the University of Washington and security firm Symantec , Microsoft managed to get a court in Alexandria , Virginia , to force Verisign , which manages the .com domain , to temporarily switch off the domains .
Microsoft said it was the result of months of investigation and described it as a legal first .
" This action has quickly and effectively cut off traffic to Waledac at the .com or domain registry level , severing the connection between the command and control centres of the botnet and most of its thousands of zombie computers around the world . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The Rockets went shopping , taking with them a long list of items they wanted and a valuable and large expiring contract to spend to get them .
When they were done , they got everything they wanted , spent a bit more than planned , and declared themselves thrilled with the haul .
To bring in the high - scoring Kevin Martin from Sacramento and high - flying rookie Jordan Hill from New York , the Rockets not only had to ship Tracy McGrady as planned , with McGrady landing with the Knicks , they had to send Carl Landry , their second - leading scorer , along with Joey Dorsey and cash to the Kings .
“ Kevin Martin is someone who is a unique talent on the offensive end , ” Rockets general manager Daryl Morey said .
“ We feel he fits very well this year and maybe fits even better next year with the team we have there .
He can really shoot it from distance , can attack the basket , a foul drawer to get us in the bonus for Yao Ming — just a unique , unique offensive talent .
I think the city of Houston is going to be big fans of his .
“ We felt we needed a wing scorer , especially with Tracy McGrady going out .
If you look at that one ability to put the ball in the basket without using a lot of time shooting at the hoop , he ’s been top 10 in the league fairly consistently across his career . ”
The Rockets also will receive reserve center Hilton Armstrong from Sacramento and forward Jared Jeffries from New York .
For taking on Jeffries ’ contract for one more season , the Rockets get the right to exchange 2011 first - round picks with the Knicks ( unless New York gets the No. 1 pick of that year ’s draft ) and will receive the Knicks ’ 2012 first - round pick ( unless it falls in the top five of the draft ) .
If the Knicks should somehow remain in the top five of the draft for four years , the pick will convert to two second - round picks in 2015 .
The Kings had been steadfast in their desire to keep Martin but in recent days had decided to entertain offers to get a low - post scorer .
After long seeking Martin in exchange for McGrady ’s contract , the Rockets suddenly had an opening to get him , expanding that trade to a three - team deal with the Knicks .
Injuries seen as ‘ fluky ’
Duane Burleson / AP
Morey said Martin ’s injuries the past two seasons — a sprained ankle last season and a broken wrist this season — were “ fluky ” and not too great a concern .
“ We studied that closely , ” Morey said .
“ We feel his injury history was a risk worth taking .
He has no issues going forward . ”
Martin is the only player in NBA history to average eight free throws a game and make better than 40 percent of his 3 - pointers in a season , and he has done it twice .
He has ranked in the top 10 in the NBA in free throws made in each of the last three seasons , averaging 22.5 points , 4.2 rebounds and 2.3 in that stretch .
When he scored his career high of 50 points , he set an NBA record for fewest field goals ( 11 ) in a 50 - point game , going 23 - of - 26 from the line .
In his fifth season out of Western Carolina , Martin is averaging 19.8 points .
He came back from a broken wrist suffered on a fall early in the season .
The Rockets were able to bring back four players while trading three because Garrett Temple ’s 10 - day contract expired .
But according to a person with knowledge of the Rockets ’ planning , the team will work on a buyout of little - used forward Brian Cook ’s contract to create a roster spot to sign a backup point guard , likely Temple , depending on how much more time Kyle Lowry will miss .
Upside on Hill
Hill , an Arizona teammate of Rockets rookie Chase Budinger and the eighth player taken in the draft last June , has played in just 24 games , averaging 4.1 points in an average of 10.5 minutes .
A 6-10 power forward who did not start playing organized basketball until his junior year in high school , Hill is considered a long - term project , but one with a high - energy game and outstanding athleticism to play above the rim .
“ We like his potential , ” Morey said .
“ We liked him in the draft last year .
He has a mid-range jumper and developing post game with a righthanded hook .
Defensively , he is very active , mobile for his size , a solid rebounder .
“ We ’re very happy .
Time will tell in the deal , but we came into the deadline with some goals to upgrade our wing scoring and to give ourselves players who can help us now and in the future , and we feel good about what we were able to do . ”
Staff writer Jeffrey Martin contributed to this report .
jonathan.feigen@chron.com
Of the guitarists in the vague collection of artists rightly or wrongly dubbed “ indie ” that are performing interesting , engaging guitar - oriented music , Kaki King is at the very top of the pile .
King may be dubbed a singer - songwriter , but it ’s her guitar work that thrills and excites the imagination .
Kaki King , “ 2 O’Clock ” from 2008 ’s Dreaming of Revenge | Download
[ audio : http://www.musicgeek.org/wp/wp-content/uploads/2008/01/2oclock.mp3]
Junior , King ’s release - in - waiting , is planned for release on April 13 and is her fifth record .
It ’s being released on Rounder Records , which has been home to a slew of solo releases from bluegrass and jazz musician Béla Fleck .
Read on for King ’s tour dates ; she launches her tour days after her album hits shelves .
King has been subject to some genuine critical acclaim during her still - short career — her first album hit in 2003 , but within four years of its release , she was nominated for a Golden Globe award for her work on the score of the Sean Penn book adaptation project Into the Wild .
In 2008 , King collaborated with John Darnielle ’s The Mountain Goats to release Black Pear Tree EP , a veritable display of inventive songwriting prowess by one of the great modern lyricists and one of the rising stars of intricate guitar work .
Tour Dates
Last month , POLICE : The Law Enforcement Magazine published another ill - tempered tirade by retired L.A. cop Dean Scoville in the magazine ’s Patrol Tactics section .
( You may recall Sergeant Scoville from his previous ill - tempered tirade in which he openly praised police brutality against captive prisoners . )
This most recent tirade , Four More Cops Killed : Where Is The Outrage ?
launches into this subject with the following claims of imminent and growing danger that people ( non-police ) pose to government police :
Shortly before I retired , I openly speculated that we were on the cusp of a new era where people would increasingly bring the fight to us .
Moreover , I said they would prove to be greater threats , less predisposed to gangsta - style shooting and actually recognize the significance of sight alignment and trigger control .
I also noted that technology has helped the people who want to kill us develop better eye - hand coordination and tactics via video games and other poor man ’s combat simulators , ….
They have also become more sophisticated in their choice of weaponry , and are fast becoming better armed than us , accessorizing with everything from laser sights to cop -killer bullets .
…
More recently , economic stress , racial strife , a resurrection of militia types , and spillover from Mexican cartel activity have made this toxic cocktail even deadlier .
— Sergeant Dean Scoville ( 2009 -12-01 ) , POLICE : The Law Enforcement Magazine : Four More Cops Killed : Where Is The Outrage ?
He closes the article with the following credo :
Yes , I believe that the job is increasingly dangerous .
And it is made more so by what is put out there about it .
( This is used as a springboard for a couple pages ’ worth of rambling complaints against society at large for our willingness to embrace anti-cop sentiments and stereotypes , with a special focus on the alleged anti-cop drum beating of Hollywood , rap music , and those segments of society who have fundamentally failed to hold their own [ sic ] accountable — and , just so we ’re clear , by those segments of society , Scoville means black people . [ ]
Also , I guess he ’s pissed off that Dick Wolf decided to cast Ice - T as a cop in Law and Order : SVU .)
Scoville ’s claim that being a government cop is increasingly dangerous is not an isolated claim .
For example , down in the comments section on the article , another retired government cop , mtarte , writes :
I ’m retired now and still wish I could do the job , but today ’s cops are in much more dangerous situations than ever before .
— mtarte , in re : Sergeant Dean Scoville ( 2009 -12-01 ) , POLICE : The Law Enforcement Magazine : Four More Cops Killed : Where Is The Outrage ?
In Milwaukee , by way of explanation for why Milwaukee Police Department had begun arming regular patrol cops with semiautomatic rifles :
It ’s obvious that our officers are facing an increasingly dangerous threat to their safety as well as the safety of the community as represented by these weapons …. — Police Chief Ed Flynn , quoted in Officer.com ( 2009 -04 - 24 ) : Milwaukee Police Increase Firepower
CRIPT
Academy , a tactical training outfit for government cops , says that it :
… provides cutting edge training , information , and service that is continually updated to adapt to today ’s fluid environment which is becoming increasingly dangerous for those professionals that must operate in harm ’s way .
— Officer.com Directory : CRIPT Academy Mobile Training Teams
If you spend much time at all reading articles and public statements by government police , you ’re likely to see this received factoid over and over again .
Time never alters it ; things only get more and more dangerous .
No matter what year it is , it ’s always this year that ’s poised to become the most dangerous year for police ever ; in 2007 , in an article on how government cops can better confuse detained Suspect Individuals about their rights to refuse searches , former government cop and government prosecutor Devallis Rutledge offered the following :
So far , 2007 is the deadliest year for law enforcement officers in nearly three decades .
— Devallis Rutledge , POLICE : The Law Enforcement Magazine ( October 2007 ) : How to Justify Officer Safety Searches
The thing is that all these claims are false .
Both in factual detail and in overarching narrative .
They could easily have been discovered to be false by taking even a cursory glance at statistics about police deaths in the line of duty .
In fact , 2009 , when Dean Scoville declared the job to be increasingly dangerous , was the safest year for government police in the U.S. since 1959 , in terms of absolute numbers of police officers killed while on duty .
With only a few exceptions , the number of government police killed on the job had been decreasing steadily for the past 35 years .
Here ’s the annual data for the past 35 years , as reported by the Officer Down Memorial Page yearly reports . [ ]
Year Total line - of - duty deaths Deaths from violent attacks
( Excluding terrorist attacks . )
Total violent deaths adjusted to 2009 population 1974 279 149 215.48 1975 240 148 211.93 1976 202 117 165.92 1977 189 108 151.63 1978 215 109 151.42 1979 214 120 164.87 1980 210 113 153.44 1981 201 105 141.18 1982 194 100 133.18 1983 193 92 121.41 1984 184 83 108.59 1985 179 85 110.23 1986 178 80 102.79 1987 182 84 106.97 1988 194 85 107.26 1989 196 79 98.75 1990 162 71 87.76 1991 148 75 91.47 1992 170 72 86.60 1993 163 83 98.53 1994 180 86 100.84 1995 185 77 89.22 1996 143 64 73.30 1997 177 76 86.00 1998 176 66 73.82 1999 151 49 54.18 2000 163 55 60.13 2001 242 67 72.45 2002 159 63 67.41 2003 147 51 54.22 2004 164 56 58.99 2005 164 54 56.37 2006 156 54 55.84 2007 193 65 66.56 2008 138 42 42.62 2009 120 49 49.00
Or , if you prefer , here ’s the chart .
The blue line represents the absolute number of cops killed that year in the line of duty ; the yellow line best represents the overall danger to cops from violent attacks ( specifically , the number killed in violent attacks against police , adjusted to the U.S. population at the end of 2009 ) .
Coming back to Devallis Rutledge ’s deadliest year in nearly three decades , it ’s true that 2007 saw a sudden jump in the number of police killed , compared to 2006 .
( The next two years saw a sudden drop back to the trend of decreasing police deaths . )
But the main reason for that was a jump in deaths due to automobile accidents and other accidental deaths ; the number of cops killed in violent attacks — 65 total — was less than the total number killed in 2001 , let alone the much higher rates of violent deaths in the 1970s , 1980s , and 1990s .
And in fact , if you adjust for the increases in the total population , and the absolute number of police on the streets , it turns out that the increasing safety of government police over the past 35 years is only the tail end of a general trend that has been going on since 1921 .
( The temporary uptick in violent police deaths from the early 1960s to the mid-1970s never ended up producing more per-capita violent deaths than there had been in 1935 . )
Following the yellow line , you can see that 2008 and 2009 , at the tail end of this trend were the safest years to be a police officer in over 110 years .
In other words , it ’s never been safer to be a cop in America than it has been over the past 2 years .
Yet boss cops , spokespeople for the government police , and articles written by cops and for cops , constantly repeat the demonstrably false claims that criminals are more violent than ever before , and that government cops somehow face more danger on their patrols now than they ever have before .
That this is a complete lie would be obvious to anyone who had spent 15 minutes perusing the police ’s own institutions and resources for honoring their fallen comrades .
The interesting question , then , is what kind of purpose the constant refrain of this unfact from government police serves — what it means when ever - more - heavily - armed government cops keep insisting on a completely mythical ever - present , ever - increasing danger to their politically - sacred persons , in spite of the evidence of the senses and the consistent trends over the last century of historical reality .
When you see heavily - armed , well - protected men trying so very hard to psych themselves up to believe in a growing danger that does not actually exist — and when this constantly repeated Big Lie is used to slam pop-culture for any attempt to portray any abuse of police power ; to swat down real - life complaints about police belligerence or invasions against civil liberties ; to explain the alleged need for assault rifles , tanks , cordoning off strategic hamlets in inner cities , and a niche industry in warrior mindset trainings —
I could n’t much blame you if you did see some real danger in this concerted effort to inculcate and reinforce a consciously - constructed , fact - resistant permanent siege mentality among patrol cops .
But not danger for the cops .
Do you feel safer now ?
See also :
InformationLiberation Analysis :
This could not be more relevant now that the fake conservative movement is poised to run another heist on the American people , fake CONservatives like Glenn Beck and Bill O'reilly call daily for MASSIVE taxation increases and O'reilly even openly says he supports the government health care takeover in the form of a " public option . "
Conservatives must wake up to the fact they 've been conned by literal Trotskyites into supporting unconstitutional wars , big government , and the destruction of their constitution and bill of rights .
Conservatives are being conned again by neo-cons like Andrew Brietbart and his site biggovernment.com which went from being anti-big government to now a shrine to George W. Bush , worshiping him and praising Obama for following his exact same foreign policy .
These people are the polar opposite of conservatism and constitutionalists , they 're British Colonialists .
Our founding fathers would have went to war with them yet they wrap themselves in the flag and claim to be patriots as they spit on everything our founding fathers , our bill of rights , and our constitution represents .
It 's a total fraud and a lie and this speech by Ron Paul during the height of the unconstitutional , unamerican , ' King George style ' wars in 2003 spells it all out .
- Chris , InfoLib
Keep in mind as you watch this that in 2004 American citizen Kelly Rushing was charged with making ' terroristic threats ' for giving this speech on a tape to a Kentucky State Trooper , the case actually went to trial and he narrowly escaped going to jail for simply handing a state trooper a video tape in the land of the free .
NEO -CONNED
Rep. Ron Paul , July 10 , 2003
The modern - day , limited - government movement has been co-opted .
The conservatives have failed in their effort to shrink the size of government .
There has not been , nor will there soon be , a conservative revolution in Washington .
Political party control of the federal government has changed , but the inexorable growth in the size and scope of government has continued unabated .
The liberal arguments for limited government in personal affairs and foreign military adventurism were never seriously considered as part of this revolution .
Since the change of the political party in charge has not made a difference , who ’s really in charge ?
If the particular party in power makes little difference , whose policy is it that permits expanded government programs , increased spending , huge deficits , nation building and the pervasive invasion of our privacy , with fewer Fourth Amendment protections than ever before ?
Someone is responsible , and it ’s important that those of us who love liberty , and resent big - brother government , identify the philosophic supporters who have the most to say about the direction our country is going .
If they ’re wrong – and I believe they are – we need to show it , alert the American people , and offer a more positive approach to government .
However , this depends on whether the American people desire to live in a free society and reject the dangerous notion that we need a strong central government to take care of us from the cradle to the grave .
Do the American people really believe it ’s the government ’s responsibility to make us morally better and economically equal ?
Do we have a responsibility to police the world , while imposing our vision of good government on everyone else in the world with some form of utopian nation building ?
If not , and the enemies of liberty are exposed and rejected , then it behooves us to present an alternative philosophy that is morally superior and economically sound and provides a guide to world affairs to enhance peace and commerce .
One thing is certain : conservatives who worked and voted for less government in the Reagan years and welcomed the takeover of the U.S. Congress and the presidency in the 1990s and early 2000s were deceived .
Soon they will realize that the goal of limited government has been dashed and that their views no longer matter .
The so - called conservative revolution of the past two decades has given us massive growth in government size , spending and regulations .
Deficits are exploding and the national debt is now rising at greater than a half - trillion dollars per year .
Taxes do not go down – even if we vote to lower them .
They can’t , as long as spending is increased , since all spending must be paid for one way or another .
Both Presidents Reagan and the elder George Bush raised taxes directly .
With this administration , so far , direct taxes have been reduced – and they certainly should have been – but it means little if spending increases and deficits rise .
When taxes are not raised to accommodate higher spending , the bills must be paid by either borrowing or “ printing ” new money .
This is one reason why we conveniently have a generous Federal Reserve chairman who is willing to accommodate the Congress .
With borrowing and inflating , the “ tax ” is delayed and distributed in a way that makes it difficult for those paying the tax to identify it .
For instance , future generations , or those on fixed incomes who suffer from rising prices , and those who lose jobs – they certainly feel the consequences of economic dislocations that this process causes .
Government spending is always a “ tax ” burden on the American people and is never equally or fairly distributed .
The poor and low - middle income workers always suffer the most from the deceitful tax of inflation and borrowing .
Many present - day conservatives , who generally argue for less government and supported the Reagan / Gingrich / Bush takeover of the federal government , are now justifiably disillusioned .
Although not a monolithic group , they wanted to shrink the size of government .
Early in our history , the advocates of limited , constitutional government recognized two important principles : the rule of law was crucial , and a constitutional government must derive “ just powers from the consent of the governed . ”
It was understood that an explicit transfer of power to government could only occur with power rightfully and naturally endowed to each individual as a God - given right .
Therefore , the powers that could be transferred would be limited to the purpose of protecting liberty .
Unfortunately , in the last 100 years , the defense of liberty has been fragmented and shared by various groups , with some protecting civil liberties , others economic freedom , and a small diverse group arguing for a foreign policy of nonintervention .
The philosophy of freedom has had a tough go of it , and it was hoped that the renewed interest in limited government of the past two decades would revive an interest in reconstituting the freedom philosophy into something more consistent .
Those who worked for the goal of limited government power believed the rhetoric of politicians who promised smaller government .
Sometimes it was just plain sloppy thinking on their part , but at other times , they fell victim to a deliberate distortion of a concise limited - government philosophy by politicians who misled many into believing that we would see a rollback on government intrusiveness .
Yes , there was always a remnant who longed for truly limited government and maintained a belief in the rule of law , combined with a deep conviction that free people and a government bound by a Constitution were the most advantageous form of government .
They recognized it as the only practical way for prosperity to be spread to the maximum number of people while promoting peace and security .
That remnant – imperfect as it may have been – was heard from in the elections of 1980 and 1994 and then achieved major victories in 2000 and 2002 when professed limited - government proponents took over the administration , the Senate and the House .
However , the true believers in limited government are now shunned and laughed at .
At the very least , they are ignored – except when they are used by the new leaders of the right , the new conservatives now in charge of the U.S. government .
The remnant ’s instincts were correct , and the politicians placated them with talk of free markets , limited government , and a humble , non-nation - building foreign policy .
However , little concern for civil liberties was expressed in this recent quest for less government .
Yet , for an ultimate victory of achieving freedom , this must change .
Interest in personal privacy and choices has generally remained outside the concern of many conservatives – especially with the great harm done by their support of the drug war .
Even though some confusion has emerged over our foreign policy since the breakdown of the Soviet empire , it ’s been a net benefit in getting some conservatives back on track with a less militaristic , interventionist foreign policy .
Unfortunately , after 9 - 11 , the cause of liberty suffered a setback .
As a result , millions of Americans voted for the less - than - perfect conservative revolution because they believed in the promises of the politicians .
Now there ’s mounting evidence to indicate exactly what happened to the revolution .
Government is bigger than ever , and future commitments are overwhelming .
Millions will soon become disenchanted with the new status quo delivered to the American people by the advocates of limited government and will find it to be just more of the old status quo .
Victories for limited government have turned out to be hollow indeed .
Since the national debt is increasing at a rate greater than a half - trillion dollars per year , the debt limit was recently increased by an astounding $ 984 billion dollars .
Total U.S. government obligations are $ 43 trillion , while total net worth of U.S. households is just over $ 40 trillion .
The country is broke , but no one in Washington seems to notice or care .
The philosophic and political commitment for both guns and butter – and especially for expanding the American empire – must be challenged .
This is crucial for our survival .
In spite of the floundering economy , the Congress and the administration continue to take on new commitments in foreign aid , education , farming , medicine , multiple efforts at nation building , and preemptive wars around the world .
Already we ’re entrenched in Iraq and Afghanistan , with plans to soon add new trophies to our conquest .
War talk abounds as to when Syria , Iran and North Korea will be attacked .
How did all this transpire ?
Why did the government do it ?
Why have n’t the people objected ?
How long will it go on before something is done ?
Does anyone care ?
Will the euphoria of grand military victories – against non-enemies – ever be mellowed ?
Someday , we as a legislative body must face the reality of the dire situation in which we have allowed ourselves to become enmeshed .
Hopefully , it will be soon !
We got here because ideas do have consequences .
Bad ideas have bad consequences , and even the best of intentions have unintended consequences .
We need to know exactly what the philosophic ideas were that drove us to this point ; then , hopefully , reject them and decide on another set of intellectual parameters .
There is abundant evidence exposing those who drive our foreign policy justifying preemptive war .
Those who scheme are proud of the achievements in usurping control over foreign policy .
These are the neoconservatives of recent fame .
Granted , they are talented and achieved a political victory that all policymakers must admire .
But can freedom and the Republic survive this takeover ?
That question should concern us .
Neoconservatives are obviously in positions of influence and are well - placed throughout our government and the media .
An apathetic Congress put up little resistance and abdicated its responsibilities over foreign affairs .
The electorate was easily influenced to join in the patriotic fervor supporting the military adventurism advocated by the neoconservatives .
The numbers of those who still hope for truly limited government diminished and had their concerns ignored these past 22 months , during the aftermath of 9 - 11 .
Members of Congress were easily influenced to publicly support any domestic policy or foreign military adventure that was supposed to help reduce the threat of a terrorist attack .
Believers in limited government were harder to find .
Political money , as usual , played a role in pressing Congress into supporting almost any proposal suggested by the neocons .
This process – where campaign dollars and lobbying efforts affect policy – is hardly the domain of any single political party , and unfortunately , is the way of life in Washington .
There are many reasons why government continues to grow .
It would be naïve for anyone to expect otherwise .
Since 9 - 11 , protection of privacy , whether medical , personal or financial , has vanished .
Free speech and the Fourth Amendment have been under constant attack .
Higher welfare expenditures are endorsed by the leadership of both parties .
Policing the world and nation - building issues are popular campaign targets , yet they are now standard operating procedures .
There ’s no sign that these programs will be slowed or reversed until either we are stopped by force overseas ( which wo n’t be soon ) or we go broke and can no longer afford these grandiose plans for a world empire ( which will probably come sooner than later ) .
None of this happened by accident or coincidence .
Precise philosophic ideas prompted certain individuals to gain influence to implement these plans .
The neoconservatives – a name they gave themselves – diligently worked their way into positions of power and influence .
They documented their goals , strategy and moral justification for all they hoped to accomplish .
Above all else , they were not and are not conservatives dedicated to limited , constitutional government .
Neo -conservatism has been around for decades and , strangely , has connections to past generations as far back as Machiavelli .
Modern - day neo-conservatism was introduced to us in the 1960s .
It entails both a detailed strategy as well as a philosophy of government .
The ideas of Teddy Roosevelt , and certainly Woodrow Wilson , were quite similar to many of the views of present - day neocons .
Neocon spokesman Max Boot brags that what he advocates is “ hard Wilsonianism . ”
In many ways , there ’s nothing “ neo ” about their views , and certainly nothing conservative .
Yet they have been able to co-op the conservative movement by advertising themselves as a new or modern form of conservatism .
More recently , the modern - day neocons have come from the far left , a group historically identified as former Trotskyists .
Liberal Christopher
Hitchins has recently officially joined the neocons , and it has been reported that he has already been to the White House as an ad hoc consultant .
Many neocons now in positions of influence in Washington can trace their status back to Professor Leo Strauss of the University of Chicago .
One of Strauss ’ books was Thoughts on Machiavelli .
This book was not a condemnation of Machiavelli ’s philosophy .
Paul Wolfowitz actually got his PhD under Strauss .
Others closely associated with these views are Richard Perle , Eliot Abrams , Robert Kagan and William Kristol .
All are key players in designing our new strategy of preemptive war .
Others include : Michael Ledeen of the American Enterprise Institute ; former CIA Director James Woolsy ; Bill Bennett of Book of Virtues fame ; Frank Gaffney ; Dick Cheney ; and Donald Rumsfeld .
There are just too many to mention who are philosophically or politically connected to the neocon philosophy in some varying degree .
The godfather of modern - day neo-conservatism is considered to be Irving Kristol , father of Bill Kristol , who set the stage in 1983 with his publication Reflections of a Neoconservative .
In this book , Kristol also defends the traditional liberal position on welfare .
More important than the names of people affiliated with neo-conservatism are the views they adhere to .
Here is a brief summary of the general understanding of what neocons believe :
They agree with Trotsky on permanent revolution , violent as well as intellectual .
They are for redrawing the map of the Middle East and are willing to use force to do so .
They believe in preemptive war to achieve desired ends .
They accept the notion that the ends justify the means – that hard - ball politics is a moral necessity .
They express no opposition to the welfare state .
They are not bashful about an American empire ; instead they strongly endorse it .
They believe lying is necessary for the state to survive .
They believe a powerful federal government is a benefit .
They believe pertinent facts about how a society should be run should be held by the elite and withheld from those who do not have the courage to deal with it .
They believe neutrality in foreign affairs is ill - advised .
They hold Leo Strauss in high esteem .
They believe imperialism , if progressive in nature , is appropriate .
Using American might to force American ideals on others is acceptable .
Force should not be limited to the defense of our country .
9-11 resulted from the lack of foreign entanglements , not from too many .
They dislike and despise libertarians ( therefore , the same applies to all strict constitutionalists ) .
They endorse attacks on civil liberties , such as those found in the Patriot Act , as being necessary .
They unconditionally support Israel and have a close alliance with the Likud Party .
Various organizations and publications over the last 30 years have played a significant role in the rise to power of the neoconservatives .
It took plenty of money and commitment to produce the intellectual arguments needed to convince the many participants in the movement of its respectability .
It is no secret – especially after the rash of research and articles written about the neocons since our invasion of Iraq – how they gained influence and what organizations were used to promote their cause .
Although for decades , they agitated for their beliefs through publications like The National Review , The Weekly Standard , The Public Interest , The Wall Street Journal , Commentary , and the New York Post , their views only gained momentum in the 1990s following the first Persian Gulf War – which still has not ended even with removal of Saddam Hussein .
They became convinced that a much more militant approach to resolving all the conflicts in the Middle East was an absolute necessity , and they were determined to implement that policy .
In addition to publications , multiple think tanks and projects were created to promote their agenda .
A product of the Bradley Foundation , American Enterprise Institute ( AEI ) led the neocon charge , but the real push for war came from the Project for a New American Century ( PNAC ) , another organization helped by the Bradley Foundation .
This occurred in 1998 and was chaired by Weekly Standard editor Bill Kristol .
Early on , they urged war against Iraq , but were disappointed with the Clinton administration , which never followed through with its periodic bombings .
Obviously , these bombings were motivated more by Clinton ’s personal and political problems than a belief in the neocon agenda .
The election of 2000 changed all that .
The Defense Policy Board , chaired by Richard Perle played no small role in coordinating the various projects and think tanks , all determined to take us into war against Iraq .
It was n’t too long before the dream of empire was brought closer to reality by the election of 2000 with Paul Wolfowitz , Richard Cheney and Donald Rumsfeld playing key roles in this accomplishment .
The plan to promote an “ American greatness ” imperialistic foreign policy was now a distinct possibility .
Iraq offered a great opportunity to prove their long - held theories .
This opportunity was a consequence of the 9 - 11 disaster .
The money and views of Rupert Murdock also played a key role in promoting the neocon views , as well as rallying support by the general population , through his News Corporation , which owns Fox News Network , the New York Post and Weekly Standard .
This powerful and influential media empire did more to galvanize public support for the Iraqi invasion than one might imagine .
This facilitated the Rumsfeld / Cheney policy as their plans to attack Iraq came to fruition .
It would have been difficult for the neocons to usurp foreign policy from the restraints of Colin Powell ’s State Department without the successful agitation of the Rupert Murdock empire .
Max Boot was satisfied , as he explained : “ Neoconservatives believe in using American might to promote American ideals abroad . ”
This attitude is a far cry from the advice of the Founders , who advocated no entangling alliances and neutrality as the proper goal of American foreign policy .
Let there be no doubt , those in the neocon camp had been anxious to go to war against Iraq for a decade .
They justified the use of force to accomplish their goals , even if it required preemptive war .
If anyone doubts this assertion , they need only to read of their strategy in “ A Clean Break : a New Strategy for Securing the Realm . ”
Although they felt morally justified in changing the government in Iraq , they knew that public support was important , and justification had to be given to pursue the war .
Of course , a threat to us had to exist before the people and the Congress would go along with war .
The majority of Americans became convinced of this threat , which , in actuality , never really existed .
Now we have the ongoing debate over the location of weapons of mass destruction .
Where was the danger ?
Was all this killing and spending necessary ?
How long will this nation - building and dying go on ?
When will we become more concerned about the needs of our own citizens than the problems we sought in Iraq and Afghanistan ?
Who knows where we ’ll go next – Iran , Syria or North Korea ?
At the end of the Cold War , the neoconservatives realized a rearrangement of the world was occurring and that our superior economic and military power offered them a perfect opportunity to control the process of remaking the Middle East .
It was recognized that a new era was upon us , and the neocons welcomed Frances Fukuyama ’s “ end of history ” declaration .
To them , the debate was over .
The West won ; the Soviets lost .
Old - fashioned communism was dead .
Long live the new era of neoconservatism .
The struggle may not be over , but the West won the intellectual fight , they reasoned .
The only problem is that the neocons decided to define the philosophy of the victors .
They have been amazingly successful in their efforts to control the debate over what Western values are and by what methods they will be spread throughout the world .
Communism surely lost a lot with the breakup of the Soviet Empire , but this can hardly be declared a victory for American liberty , as the Founders understood it .
Neoconservatism is not the philosophy of free markets and a wise foreign policy .
Instead , it represents big - government welfare at home and a program of using our military might to spread their version of American values throughout the world .
Since neoconservatives dominate the way the U.S. government now operates , it behooves us all to understand their beliefs and goals .
The breakup of the Soviet system may well have been an epic event but to say that the views of the neocons are the unchallenged victors and that all we need do is wait for their implementation is a capitulation to controlling the forces of history that many Americans are not yet ready to concede .
There is surely no need to do so .
There is now a recognized philosophic connection between modern - day neoconservatives and Irving Kristol , Leo Strauss and Machiavelli .
This is important in understanding that today ’s policies and the subsequent problems will be with us for years to come if these policies are not reversed .
Not only did Leo Strauss write favorably of Machiavelli , Michael Ledeen , a current leader of the neoconservative movement , did the same .
In 1999 , Ledeen titled his book , Machiavelli on Modern Leadership , and subtitled : “ Why Machiavelli ’s iron rules are as timely and important today as five centuries ago . ”
Ledeen is indeed an influential neocon theorist whose views get lots of attention today in Washington .
His book on Machiavelli , interestingly enough , was passed out to Members of Congress attending a political strategy meeting shortly after its publication and at just about the time A Clean Break was issued .
In Ledeen ’s most recent publication , The War Against the Terror Masters , he reiterates his beliefs outlined in this 1999 Machiavelli book .
He specifically praises : “ Creative destruction … both within our own society and abroad …( foreigners ) seeing America undo traditional societies may fear us , for they do not wish to be undone . ”
Amazingly , Ledeen concludes : “ They must attack us in order to survive , just as we must destroy them to advance our historic mission . ”
If those words do n’t scare you , nothing will .
If they are not a clear warning , I do n’t know what could be .
It sounds like both sides of each disagreement in the world will be following the principle of preemptive war .
The world is certainly a less safe place for it .
In Machiavelli on Modern Leadership , Ledeen praises a business leader for correctly understanding Machiavelli : “ There are no absolute solutions .
It all depends .
What is right and what is wrong depends on what needs to be done and how . ”
This is a clear endorsement of situation ethics and is not coming from the traditional left .
It reminds me of : “ It depends on what the definition of the word ‘ is ’ is . ”
Ledeen quotes Machiavelli approvingly on what makes a great leader .
“ A prince must have no other objectives or other thoughts or take anything for his craft , except war . ”
To Ledeen , this meant : “ … the virtue of the warrior are those of great leaders of any successful organization . ”
Yet it ’s obvious that war is not coincidental to neocon philosophy , but an integral part .
The intellectuals justify it , and the politicians carry it out .
There ’s a precise reason to argue for war over peace according to Ledeen , for “ … peace increases our peril by making discipline less urgent , encouraging some of our worst instincts , in depriving us of some of our best leaders . ”
Peace , he claims , is a dream and not even a pleasant one , for it would cause indolence and would undermine the power of the state .
Although I concede the history of the world is a history of frequent war , to capitulate and give up even striving for peace – believing peace is not a benefit to mankind – is a frightening thought that condemns the world to perpetual war and justifies it as a benefit and necessity .
These are dangerous ideas , from which no good can come .
The conflict of the ages has been between the state and the individual : central power versus liberty .
The more restrained the state and the more emphasis on individual liberty , the greater has been the advancement of civilization and general prosperity .
Just as man ’s condition was not locked in place by the times and wars of old and improved with liberty and free markets , there ’s no reason to believe a new stage for man might not be achieved by believing and working for conditions of peace .
The inevitability and so - called need for preemptive war should never be intellectually justified as being a benefit .
Such an attitude guarantees the backsliding of civilization .
Neocons , unfortunately , claim that war is in man ’s nature and that we ca n’t do much about it , so let ’s use it to our advantage by promoting our goodness around the world through force of arms .
That view is anathema to the cause of liberty and the preservation of the Constitution .
If it is not loudly refuted , our future will be dire indeed .
Ledeen believes man is basically evil and cannot be left to his own desires .
Therefore , he must have proper and strong leadership , just as Machiavelli argued .
Only then can man achieve good , as Ledeen explains : “ In order to achieve the most noble accomplishments , the leader may have to ‘ enter into evil . ’
This is the chilling insight that has made Machiavelli so feared , admired and challenging … we are rotten , ” argues Ledeen .
“ It ’s true that we can achieve greatness if , and only if , we are properly led . ”
In other words , man is so depraved that individuals are incapable of moral , ethical and spiritual greatness , and achieving excellence and virtue can only come from a powerful authoritarian leader .
What depraved ideas are these to now be influencing our leaders in Washington ?
The question Ledeen does n’t answer is : “ Why do the political leaders not suffer from the same shortcomings and where do they obtain their monopoly on wisdom ? ”
Once this trust is placed in the hands of a powerful leader , this neocon argues that certain tools are permissible to use .
For instance : “ lying is central to the survival of nations and to the success of great enterprises , because if our enemies can count on the reliability of everything you say , your vulnerability is enormously increased . ”
What about the effects of lying on one ’s own people ?
Who cares if a leader can fool the enemy ?
Does calling it “ strategic deception ” make lying morally justifiable ?
Ledeen and Machiavelli argue that it does , as long as the survivability of the state is at stake .
Preserving the state is their goal , even if the personal liberty of all individuals has to be suspended or canceled .
Ledeen makes it clear that war is necessary to establish national boundaries – because that ’s the way it ’s always been done .
Who needs progress of the human race !
He explains : “ Look at the map of the world : national boundaries have not been drawn by peaceful men leading lives of spiritual contemplation .
National boundaries have been established by war , and national character has been shaped by struggle , most often bloody struggle . ”
Yes , but who is to lead the charge and decide which borders we are to fight for ?
What about borders 6,000 miles away unrelated to our own contiguous borders and our own national security ?
Stating a relative truism regarding the frequency of war throughout history should hardly be the moral justification for expanding the concept of war to settle man ’s disputes .
How can one call this progress ?
Machiavelli , Ledeen and the neocons recognized a need to generate a religious zeal for promoting the state .
This , he claims , is especially necessary when force is used to promote an agenda .
It ’s been true throughout history and remains true today , each side of major conflicts invokes God ’s approval .
Our side refers to a “ crusade ” ; theirs to a “ holy Jihad . ”
Too often wars boil down to their god against our God .
It seems this principle is more a cynical effort to gain approval from the masses , especially those most likely to be killed for the sake of the war promoters on both sides who have power , prestige and wealth at stake .
Ledeen explains why God must always be on the side of advocates of war : “ Without fear of God , no state can last long , for the dread of eternal damnation keeps men in line , causes them to honor their promises , and inspires them to risk their lives for the common good . ”
It seems dying for the common good has gained a higher moral status than eternal salvation of one ’s soul .
Ledeen adds : “ Without fear of punishment , men will not obey laws that force them to act contrary to their passions .
Without fear of arms , the state cannot enforce the laws … to this end , Machiavelli wants leaders to make the state spectacular . ”
It 's of interest to note that some large Christian denominations have joined the neoconservatives in promoting preemptive war , while completely ignoring the Christian doctrine of a Just War .
The neocons sought and openly welcomed their support .
I ’d like someone to glean anything from what the Founders said or placed in the Constitution that agrees with this now - professed doctrine of a “ spectacular ” state promoted by those who now have so much influence on our policies here at home and abroad .
Ledeen argues that this religious element , this fear of God , is needed for discipline of those who may be hesitant to sacrifice their lives for the good of the “ spectacular state . ”
He explains in eerie terms : “ Dying for one ’s country does n’t come naturally .
Modern armies , raised from the populace , must be inspired , motivated , indoctrinated .
Religion is central to the military enterprise , for men are more likely to risk their lives if they believe they will be rewarded forever after for serving their country . ”
This is an admonition that might just as well have been given by Osama bin Laden , in rallying his troops to sacrifice their lives to kill the invading infidels , as by our intellectuals at AEI , who greatly influence our foreign policy .
Neocons – anxious for the U.S. to use force to realign the boundaries and change regimes in the Middle East – clearly understand the benefit of a galvanizing and emotional event to rally the people to their cause .
Without a special event , they realized the difficulty in selling their policy of preemptive war where our own military personnel would be killed .
Whether it was the Lusitania , Pearl Harbor , the Gulf of Tonkin or the Maine , all served their purpose in promoting a war that was sought by our leaders .
Ledeen writes of a fortuitous event ( 1999 ) : “ … of course , we can always get lucky .
Stunning events from outside can providentially awaken the enterprise from its growing torpor , and demonstrate the need for reversal , as the devastating Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor in 1941 so effectively aroused the U.S. from its soothing dreams of permanent neutrality . ”
Amazingly , Ledeen calls Pearl Harbor a “ lucky ” event .
The Project for a New American Century , as recently as September 2000 , likewise , foresaw the need for “ a Pearl Harbor event ” that would galvanize the American people to support their ambitious plans to ensure political and economic domination of the world , while strangling any potential “ rival . ”
Recognizing a “ need ” for a Pearl Harbor event , and referring to Pearl Harbor as being “ lucky ” are not identical to support and knowledge of such an event , but that this sympathy for a galvanizing event , as 9 - 11 turned out to be , was used to promote an agenda that strict constitutionalists and devotees of the Founders of this nation find appalling , is indeed disturbing .
After 9 - 11 , Rumsfeld and others argued for an immediate attack on Iraq , even though it was not implicated in the attacks .
The fact that neo -conservatives ridicule those who firmly believe that U.S. interests and world peace would best be served by a policy of neutrality and avoiding foreign entanglements should not go unchallenged .
Not to do so is to condone their grandiose plans for an American world hegemony .
The current attention given neocons usually comes in the context of foreign policy .
But there ’s more to what ’s going on today than just the tremendous influence the neocons have on our new policy of preemptive war with a goal of empire .
Our government is now being moved by several ideas that come together in what I call “ neoconism . ”
The foreign policy is being openly debated , even if its implications are not fully understood by many who support it .
Washington is now driven by old views brought together in a new package .
We know those who lead us – both in the administration and in Congress – show no appetite to challenge the tax or monetary systems that do so much damage to our economy .
The IRS and the Federal Reserve are off limits for criticism or reform .
There ’s no resistance to spending , either domestic or foreign .
Debt is not seen as a problem .
The supply - siders won on this issue , and now many conservatives readily endorse deficit spending .
There ’s no serious opposition to the expanding welfare state , with rapid growth of the education , agriculture and medical - care bureaucracy .
Support for labor unions and protectionism are not uncommon .
Civil liberties are easily sacrificed in the post 9 - 11 atmosphere prevailing in Washington .
Privacy issues are of little concern , except for a few members of Congress .
Foreign aid and internationalism – in spite of some healthy criticism of the UN and growing concerns for our national sovereignty – are championed on both sides of the aisle .
Lip service is given to the free market and free trade , yet the entire economy is run by special - interest legislation favoring big business , big labor and , especially , big money .
Instead of the “ end of history , ” we are now experiencing the end of a vocal limited - government movement in our nation ’s capital .
While most conservatives no longer defend balanced budgets and reduced spending , most liberals have grown lazy in defending civil liberties and now are approving wars that we initiate .
The so - called “ third way ” has arrived and , sadly , it has taken the worst of what the conservatives and liberals have to offer .
The people are less well off for it , while liberty languishes as a result .
Neocons enthusiastically embrace the Department of Education and national testing .
Both parties overwhelmingly support the huge commitment to a new prescription drug program .
Their devotion to the new approach called “ compassionate conservatism ” has lured many conservatives into supporting programs for expanding the federal role in welfare and in church charities .
The faith - based initiative is a neocon project , yet it only repackages and expands the liberal notion of welfare .
The intellectuals who promoted these initiatives were neocons , but there ’s nothing conservative about expanding the federal government ’s role in welfare .
The supply - siders ’ policy of low marginal tax rates has been incorporated into neoconism , as well as their support for easy money and generous monetary inflation .
Neoconservatives are disinterested in the gold standard and even ignore the supply - siders ’ argument for a phony gold standard .
Is it any wonder that federal government spending is growing at a rate faster than in any time in the past 35 years ?
Power , politics and privilege prevail over the rule of law , liberty , justice and peace .
But it does not need to be that way .
Neoconism has brought together many old ideas about how government should rule the people .
It may have modernized its appeal and packaging , but authoritarian rule is authoritarian rule , regardless of the humanitarian overtones .
A solution can only come after the current ideology driving our government policies is replaced with a more positive one .
In a historical context , liberty is a modern idea and must once again regain the high moral ground for civilization to advance .
Restating the old justifications for war , people control and a benevolent state will not suffice .
It can not eliminate the shortcomings that always occur when the state assumes authority over others and when the will of one nation is forced on another – whether or not it is done with good intentions .
I realize that all conservatives are not neoconservatives , and all neocons do n’t necessarily agree on all points – which means that in spite of their tremendous influence , most members of Congress and those in the administration do not necessarily take their marching orders from AEI or Richard Perle .
But to use this as a reason to ignore what neoconservative leaders believe , write about and agitate for – with amazing success I might point out – would be at our own peril .
This country still allows open discourse – though less everyday – and we who disagree should push the discussion and expose those who drive our policies .
It is getting more difficult to get fair and balanced discussion on the issues , because it has become routine for the hegemons to label those who object to preemptive war and domestic surveillance as traitors , unpatriotic and un-American .
The uniformity of support for our current foreign policy by major and cable - news networks should concern every American .
We should all be thankful for C - SPAN and the Internet .
Michael Ledeen and other neoconservatives are already lobbying for war against Iran .
Ledeen is pretty nasty to those who call for a calmer , reasoned approach by calling those who are not ready for war “ cowards and appeasers of tyrants . ”
Because some urge a less militaristic approach to dealing with Iran , he claims they are betraying America ’s best “ traditions . ”
I wonder where he learned early American history !
It ’s obvious that Ledeen does n’t consider the Founders and the Constitution part of our best traditions .
We were hardly encouraged by the American revolutionaries to pursue an American empire .
We were , however , urged to keep the Republic they so painstakingly designed .
If the neoconservatives retain control of the conservative , limited - government movement in Washington , the ideas , once championed by conservatives , of limiting the size and scope of government will be a long - forgotten dream .
The believers in liberty ought not deceive themselves .
Who should be satisfied ?
Certainly not conservatives , for there is no conservative movement left .
How could liberals be satisfied ?
They are pleased with the centralization of education and medical programs in Washington and support many of the administration ’s proposals .
But none should be pleased with the steady attack on the civil liberties of all American citizens and the now - accepted consensus that preemptive war – for almost any reason – is an acceptable policy for dealing with all the conflicts and problems of the world .
In spite of the deteriorating conditions in Washington – with loss of personal liberty , a weak economy , exploding deficits , and perpetual war , followed by nation building – there are still quite a number of us who would relish the opportunity to improve things , in one way or another .
Certainly , a growing number of frustrated Americans , from both the right and the left , are getting anxious to see this Congress do a better job .
But first , Congress must stop doing a bad job .
We ’re at the point where we need a call to arms , both here in Washington and across the country .
I ’m not talking about firearms .
Those of us who care need to raise both arms and face our palms out and begin waving and shouting : Stop !
Enough is enough !
It should include liberals , conservatives and independents .
We ’re all getting a bum rap from politicians who are pushed by polls and controlled by special - interest money .
One thing is certain , no matter how morally justified the programs and policies seem , the ability to finance all the guns and butter being promised is limited , and those limits are becoming more apparent every day .
Spending , borrowing and printing money cannot be the road to prosperity .
It has n’t worked in Japan , and it is n’t working here either .
As a matter of fact , it ’s never worked anytime throughout history .
A point is always reached where government planning , spending and inflation run out of steam .
Instead of these old tools reviving an economy , as they do in the early stages of economic interventionism , they eventually become the problem .
Both sides of the political spectrum must one day realize that limitless government intrusion in the economy , in our personal lives and in the affairs of other nations cannot serve the best interests of America .
This is not a conservative problem , nor is it a liberal problem – it ’s a government intrusion problem that comes from both groups , albeit for different reasons .
The problems emanate from both camps who champion different programs for different reasons .
The solution will come when both groups realize that it ’s not merely a single - party problem , or just a liberal or just a conservative problem .
Once enough of us decide we ’ve had enough of all these so - called good things that the government is always promising – or more likely , when the country is broke and the government is unable to fulfill its promises to the people – we can start a serious discussion on the proper role for government in a free society .
Unfortunately , it will be some time before Congress gets the message that the people are demanding true reform .
This requires that those responsible for today ’s problems are exposed and their philosophy of pervasive government intrusion is rejected .
Let it not be said that no one cared , that no one objected once it ’s realized that our liberties and wealth are in jeopardy .
A few have , and others will continue to do so , but too many – both in and out of government – close their eyes to the issue of personal liberty and ignore the fact that endless borrowing to finance endless demands cannot be sustained .
True prosperity can only come from a healthy economy and sound money .
That can only be achieved in a free society .
Dr. Ron Paul is a Republican member of Congress from Texas .
Important new research about the effects of acupuncture on the brain may provide an understanding of the complex mechanisms of acupuncture and could lead to a wider acceptability of the treatment .
The study , by researchers at the University of York and the Hull York Medical School published in Brain Research , indicates that acupuncture has a significant effect on specific neural structures .
When a patient receives acupuncture treatment , a sensation called deqi can be obtained ; scientific analysis shows that this deactivates areas within the brain that are associated with the processing of pain .
Dr Hugh MacPherson , of the Complementary Medicine Research Group in the University 's Department of Health Sciences , says : " These results provide objective scientific evidence that acupuncture has specific effects within the brain which hopefully will lead to a better understanding of how acupuncture works . "
Neuroscientist Dr Aziz Asghar , of the York Neuroimaging Centre and the Hull York Medical School , adds : " The results are fascinating .
Whether such brain deactivations constitute a mechanism which underlies or contributes to the therapeutic effect of acupuncture is an intriguing possibility which requires further research . "
Last summer , following research conducted in York , acupuncture was recommended for the first time by the National Institute for Health and Clinical Excellence ( NICE ) as a treatment option for NHS patients with lower back pain .
NICE guidelines now state that GPs should ' consider offering a course of acupuncture comprising a maximum of 10 sessions over a period of up to 12 weeks ' for patients with this common condition .
Current clinical trials at the University of York are investigating the effectiveness and cost - effectiveness of acupuncture for Irritable Bowel Syndrome ( IBS ) and for depression .
Recent studies in the US have also shown that acupuncture can be an effective treatment for migraines and osteoarthritis of the knee .
The York team believe that the new research could help to clear the way for acupuncture to be more broadly accepted as a treatment option on the NHS for a number of medical conditions .
BEIJING , China —
A Taiwanese manufacturer that makes LCD screens and components for tech giants like Apple confirmed Thursday that more of its workers in China were sickened by chemical exposure than it previously reported .
Wintek ’s Suzhou , China - based factory , which produces electronic components for some of the world ’s most popular gadgets including products made by Apple and Nokia , confirmed reports in government - run media that 62 of its workers , 15 more than initially reported , had fallen ill after toxic chemical exposure at work last summer .
Among the factory employees sickened by toxic chemical exposure several months ago , 41 are still hospitalized , said Huang Zhongjie , a spokesman for Wintek in Taiwan .
Huang said the newest poisoning cases emerged through Wintek ’s ongoing employee health testing , since the toxic exposure seems to have a latency period before symptoms appear in some people .
More cases may come to light through continued regular health screens the company has undertaken at the Suzhou site , Huang said .
Huang 's comments came after a raft of Chinese media coverage on the factory , including a report from a business newspaper charging that at least 100 factory workers remain hospitalized from toxic exposure .
Workers at the factory suffered nerve and muscle damage after working with the toxic chemical hexane to clean component touch screens for electronic products .
The company and local government both say Wintek ’s factory has since stopped using the chemical in its manufacturing process .
Several media outlets , including the official China Daily newspaper in Beijing , have reported the factory makes screens for Apple ’s new iPad tablet computer , but a factory manager said Thursday he could not confirm that .
Workers were uncertain about the ultimate destination of the LCD screens they made .
Apple maintains a strict air of secrecy about its suppliers .
The company did not reply to GlobalPost ’s requests for comment this week about the Suzhou factory and toxic exposure problems .
In its latest corporate audit of supplier compliance , Apple found that three - quarters of the more than 100 suppliers it audited were in compliance with the company ’s codes on health and safety .
The audit does not name any specific companies that failed to meet standards .
Wintek ’s problems in Suzhou came to a head in early January , when workers staged a violent strike after rumors spread that their annual bonuses had been cancelled .
Amid the strike , they also spoke out over the poisoning cases and alleged that at least one worker had died , although the company maintained that the employee died of a heart attack .
The local government has backed up Wintek on that point , saying it has found no evidence that anyone died from hexane exposure in the factory .
The company later released a statement saying the bonus issue was a misunderstanding and workers would receive a bonus payment before the Lunar New Year holiday .
At that time , it did n’t address the poisoning cases , which workers said were at the real heart of the strike .
Two Suzhou workers told GlobalPost that factory employees were concerned about a lack of information about the hexane poisonings and many suspected a cover -up .
In online postings , workers complained about a lack of safety equipment and training when working with the chemical .
Wintek is no stranger to controversy , and labor - rights groups have targeted it as a problematic employer with repeated violations of labor codes .
In a five - part series , GlobalPost last year investigated and exposed widespread labor abuses within the Taiwan - based Wintek , chronicling the company ’s long history with questionable labor practices in China and elsewhere .
You will hear much more about this topic ( AIG and Fed secrecy ) here on Friday , but Bloomberg reports the lengths to which the Fed has gone to try to keep the details of Maiden Lane III , the entity created to buy drecky CDOs from AIG counterparties who received 100 % credit default swap payouts .
Get a load of this , the Fed was arguing that info IN THE PUBLIC DOMAIN should be treated as confidential !
The Ministry of Truth in action :
After media reports that month named some of AIG ’s counterparties , AIG executives wrote a draft of a letter to the SEC saying that it intended to withdraw its January request for confidential treatment .
Later that March , the New York Fed sent edited versions of another request for confidentiality and provided arguments to help AIG make the case .
The SEC granted confidential treatment in May of 2009 .
This whole affair puts the Fed in a bad light indeed .
The article details how the AIG , pushed by the Fed , made four efforts with the SEC to get information regarding the AIG payouts and Maiden Lane III purchases redacted .
AIG seems reluctant , and the SEC , to its credit , did not roll over ( although one can argue it in the end conceded too much ground ) .
And the arguments made by the Fed are rubbish :
On March 5 , 2009 , Fed Vice Chairman Donald Kohn testified before Congress that disclosure of the counterparties ’ names would harm the insurer ’s ability to do business .
That month , AIG executives told regulators they had no objection to disclosing counterparty names
Yves here .
So let ’s be clear , the Fed lied to Congress .
If there was the potential for this disclosure to damage AIG , they ’d be the first to be keen for any excuse to preserve confidentiality .
So then this becomes Iraq , new excuses being offered for a dubious course of action :
“ If such information were to become available to traders in such securities , traders would be able to use such information to their advantage , and undercut the ability of Maiden Lane III to sell those assets for the maximum total return , to the detriment of taxpayers and AIG , ” the New York Fed said in its Jan. 19 statement .
Yves here .
This is illiquid , bespoke paper .
If Maiden Lane were to try to sell it , any buyer is going to make an assessment of its fundamental value .
And the reports I have gotten is that there is no appetite for CDOs , and for reasons that are unlikely to change .
They are too costly to evaluate relative to the potential bargains that might be available .
You can do rough pricing using proxies for the various types of collateral , but if you are wrong , you can wind up with an instrument that really is worthless .
Why bother taking the risk , particularly given how illiquid the paper is ?
In the end , the Fed sought over 1000 redactions and got in excess of 400 .
So we have the specter of one regulator pushing a public company to operate in a way it clearly is not comfortable with , to get another regulator to bend the rules .
If this is n’t further proof the Fed needs to be leashed and collared , I do n’t know what is .
Not only is “ Avatar ” not the most expensive movie ever made — its total budget and marketing costs fall somewhere below $ 400 million , according to Fox — but it looks well - poised to turn a profit .
For James Cameron , a man who seemingly does n’t like to be less than No. 1 at anything , maybe it ’s bad news that “ Pirates of the Caribbean : At World ’s End , ” “ Spider - Man 3 ” and “ Harry Potter and the Half - Blood Prince ” each apparently cost more than his 3D interstellar adventure epic .
And despite claims that the production and marketing costs of “ Avatar ” have sailed north of half a billion dollars , Fox insists that the math is fuzzy .
The budget for “ Avatar , ” a Fox spokesperson bluntly told TheWrap this week , “ is $ 237 million , with $ 150 million for promotion , end of story . ”
Presuming Fox ’s $ 387 million compounded figure is accurate , the film should have no problem getting into the black .
A $ 400 million score at the worldwide box office — not a stretch by any means for a film of this caliber — will provide a revenue base that , when combined with home video sales , TV and other licensing , should add up to a profit .
( Fox declined to project what it expects “ Avatar ” to make in home - video sales .
Global home - video revenues for films of comparable budgets range from $ 314 million for “ The Dark Knight ” to $ 133 million for the critically panned “ Spider - Man 3 . ” )
Speculation over the film ’s costs and profitability started with a Nov. 8 story by the New York Times that claimed “ when global marketing expenses are added , ‘ Avatar ’ may cost its various backers $ 500 million . "
The piece added up all production costs , New Zealand tax credits , Cameron ’s efforts and marketing to put the “ Titanic ” director ’s decade - long effort at close to a Hollywood heart stopping sum .
The Fox spokesperson told TheWrap that “ while many elements of the Times ’ story are accurate , the math does n’t add up . ”
And it does n’t appear to — the paper cites “ Avatar ’s ” budget at $ 230 million ( $ 7 million less than Fox told TheWrap ) , with an additional $ 150 million in marketing and promotion .
The article , which also looks into partnerships with the likes of IMAX , Panasonic and James Cameron ’s potential deferments , is about $ 120 million short of its own $ 500 million estimate .
In an interview with Reuters in late November , Fox Filmed Entertainment chair Jim Gianopulos called the Times ’ estimation “ a ridiculous number . "
Even if the true number soars into the realm of the ridiculous , all signs point to a successful box - office run for “ Avatar . ”
And anyone who was within earshot of a Celine Dion song in 1997 knows what happened the last time a colossally expensive Cameron film — the then record - setting $ 200 million “ Titanic ” — unleashed an iceberg forest of claims that it would sink the partnering Paramount and Fox ( it made an all - time record $ 1.8 billion worldwide ) .
Besides Cameron ’s track record , the film appears to have a number of factors going for it , even if its reception is not commensurate with the all - out marketing blitz that began at Comic - Con – and has n’t let up since .
With its December 18 release , “ Avatar ” is the only blockbuster slated in theaters during the run-up week to Christmas , when most students are on break ( the musical “ Nine ” and romantic comedy “ Did You Hear About the Morgans ? ” are n’t likely to cut deeply into that demographic , and “ Sherlock Holmes ” does n’t come along until a week later ) .
It will play on an estimated 2,500 3D screens nationwide .
Delivery Information
We deliver Gifts , Flower Bouquets , Cakes , Sweets , Chocolates & more other Gifts on Same Day
Send Valentine 's day gifts , Roses for Valentine , Valentine 's Day Flowers to Kolhapur .
Delivery of Flowers , Cakes , Sweets & Chocolates , roses even on Sundays & other Holidays
Fresh flowers from best florist in Kolhapur .
We give you various reasons to make your loved ones smile with same day delivery of flowers to Kolhapur and across India .
One of the fascinations about watching politics in America is that just about every day you learn something new .
The most recent lesson is that if you 're going to fly a plane into a building , it 's better to be
named Joe than Mahmoud .
It seems to get you a more sympathetic response .
Last week , in Austin , Texas , Joe Stack , a software engineer with a grudge against how the tax system treated free - lance software engineers , flew his small plane into the building containing the local offices of the Internal Revenue Service .
Besides himself , he also killed Vernon Hunter , an IRS worker and Vietnam veteran working in the building .
Generally speaking , Stack 's effort seems to qualify as a suicide bombing , a form of expression that Americans generally discourage .
But somehow , Stack is widely treated as someone who certainly went too far , but was making an understandable point .
Rep . Steve King , R - Iowa , explained to an interviewer at the Conservative Political Action Committee convention , " I think if we 'd abolished the IRS back when I first advocated it , he would n't have a target for his airplane .
¤.¤.¤.
It 's sad the incident in Texas happened , but by the same token , it 's an agency that is unnecessary and when the day comes when that is over and we abolish the IRS , it 's going to be a happy day for America . "
And when the day comes , presumably , we can name the empty building after Stack .
The new Republican senator from Massachusetts , Scott Brown , told a TV interviewer about Stack 's crash , " I do n't know if it 's related , but I can just sense not only in my election , but since being here in Washington , people are frustrated .
They want transparency , they want their elected officials to be accountable and open and talk about the things that are affecting their daily lives .
So I 'm not sure that there 's a connection .
I certainly hope not .
But we need to do things better . "
In Brown 's defense , he 's new to Washington and may not have figured out yet that it's not a great idea to wonder out loud if his election and a terrorist act were driven by the same kind of thinking .
Facebook was obliged to unfriend a Syracuse , N.Y. , radio host , Jon Alvarez , who within six hours of the crash had set up a tribute page for Stack , telling The Post - Standard newspaper of Syracuse that Stack had made " a sacrifice to others who were having problems with the IRS . "
This for someone who , before he got into his plane , demonstrated his clarity of thinking by burning down his house , the one where his wife and stepdaughter lived .
His wife herself made the only plausible comment : " .¤.¤. words cannot adequately express my sorrow or the sympathy I feel for everyone affected by this unimaginable tragedy . "
By contrast , Stack 's grown daughter went on " Good Morning America " to call her father a hero and hope , " Maybe now people will listen . "
Offspring might reasonably be cut some slack — at least that 's what people with offspring hope — and she later took back the " heroic " assessment .
But if the daughter of someone named Omar had made that judgment , the ABC switchboard would have lit up in a demonstration of shock and awe .
The nuanced reaction to Stack was n't limited to one side of the political spectrum , or to blood relatives .
On the liberal Web site Salon , Andrew Leonard plowed through the 3,000 - word manifesto Stack had left behind , and wrote a piece entitled , " Joe Stack was n't wrong about the tax code . "
And you know , when you think about it , the Unabomber made some really good points about modern technology .
Maybe this is all about a new world where nothing is out of bounds , or maybe it 's because people can say ( or do ) anything involving the Internal Revenue Service and somebody — or lots of somebodies — will nod understandingly .
But it 's also true that Stack actually killed more Americans — one — than the Christmas bomber , Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab , and people who frequently declare that they 're on constant guard against terrorism might take more note of that .
It could actually help if people realized that being white , and blowing up something that many people do n't admire , does n't turn a suicide bomber into a regular Joe .
Play
In order to play Myst Online on the Cyan Worlds server , you must first create an account .
Then you need to download the installer .
And the cost is ...
Free !
There are no hidden charges or fees .
No charge for exploring extra ages .
No fees for wearing more than one outfit a day .
No inter - Age linking tax .
Even your extra bags are free .
However , if you feel so inclined , please donate .
Besides the Cyan Worlds run MOULa server , there are also fan run MOULa based open source servers where you can play and help shape the future of MOULa .
Click here to see a short list .
MOULa Server ran by Cyan Worlds :
Click here to create a MO : ULagain account .
Click here to recover your MO : ULagain password .
Download the MOULa client :
Support :
If you are requesting support or would like to notify us of a bug , please contact us by visiting http://support.cyanworlds.com.
For all griefer and harassment issues , please use this link for reporting http://account.mystonline.com/trouble/
System Requirements :
Windows XP , Vista , or Windows 7
800MHz PentiumIII or AMD Athlon or better Processor
512MB of Memory , 1GB or more recommended
Video Card : 32 MB RAM , DirectX9.0 - compliant video card and compliant audio card
DirectX 9.0c
3+ GB free Hard Drive Space
Broadband Internet Connection
800 by 600 16 bit displays
Thanks for helping keep Uru alive !
For those unaware , today marks the 20th anniversary of the release of Super Mario Bros. 3 in North America .
Having sold over 18 million copies worldwide , it still stands as one of the best - selling video games of all time - and that 's not even accounting for the various remakes and re-releases of the game that have been released over the years .
After a two - year development period , Super Mario Bros.
3 was released in Japan in October of 1988 to rave reviews and massive sales .
The game was originally scheduled to be released in North America in the same year , but a serious shortage of ROM chips caused a rather lengthy 16 month delay .
While this was certainly not good news for gamers anxious to get their hands on the newest Super Mario Bros .
release , it did give Nintendo a chance to do some creative marketing and advertising using one of the longest video game commercials in history .
The 1989 movie The Wizard has long been called basically a 90 minute promo for Nintendo products , namely Super Mario Bros .
3 . While the movie was panned for the most part , it represents a milestone for American game fans as it was their first opportunity to really see Super Mario Bros.
3 in action before its upcoming release two months later in February .
As a gamer , who could forget the immortal words of the Video Game Armageddon announcer Steven Grives as he announced " So I give you - Super Mario Bros. 3 ! " as the game popped up on the playing screens for all to see .
That 's the moment when the hype train officially pulled out of the station and anticipation for the upcoming release of the game reached an all - new height .
Very few games in the history of video gaming have experienced the type of pre-release anticipation that Super Mario Bros. 3 enjoyed .
The year and a half delay of the game 's release in North America due to a shortage of ROM chips might have caused gamers a long wait to finally play the third installment of the Super Mario Bros.
series , but it also managed to generate enough excitement to make the game one of the biggest selling video games in history .
So here we sit , 20 years to the day of the game 's American release and the game is still just as fresh and fun as it ever was .
Many of the ideas introduced in the game have gone on to become staples of the series , some even making an appearance in this past year 's hit release of New Super Mario Bros .
Wii .
In the end , what more can you say about a game as legendary and revered as Super Mario Bros .
3 that has n't already been said many times over .
As the great Lucas Barton might say , " We love Super Mario Bros .
3 . It 's so bad . "
Servings Per Recipe : 20
Calories : 174.9
% Daily Value *
* Percent Daily Values are based on a 2,000 calorie diet .
Your daily values may be higher or lower depending on your calorie needs .
** Nutrient information is not available for all ingredients .
Amount is based on available nutrient data .
Inclusion criteria
Inclusion criteria were ADHD combined subtype ( ADHD-C ) , BD and concurrent ADHD -C and BD ( ADHD - C+BD ) .
We included ADHD -C only , because data supporting the validity of other subtypes of ADHD is scarce [ 31 ] .
Those with BD and ADHD-C were classified as ADHD-C+ BD .
Those with BD and other subtypes of ADHD were classified as BD only .
BD was defined as BP - I or BP - II according to DSM - IV [ 32 ] , or BP - NOS according to the Course of Bipolar Youth criteria [ 33 ] : " A minimum of elated mood plus 2 associated DSM - IV symptoms , or irritable mood plus 3 DSM - IV associated symptoms , along with a change in the level of functioning , duration of a minimum of 4 hours within a 24 - hour period , and at least 4 cumulative lifetime days meeting the criteria " .
This is a possible bipolar category ; 25 % percent of children and adolescent fulfilling these criteria are shown to convert into BP - I or BP - II in 2 years [ 33 ] .
Patients with longer hypomania episodes without depressive episodes and patients with cyclothymic disorder according to DSM - IV were also categorized as BP - NOS .
Exclusion criteria
Mental retardation according to DSM - IV or sequelae of brain injury .
Procedure
Subjects were recruited from a general child and adolescent psychiatry outpatient unit , mainly from one Norwegian community with approximately 25,000 persons < 18 years .
Inclusion period was December 2004 to April 2008 , 1267 subjects ( 586 females ) were referred to the unit in this period .
In addition ten subjects were referred from other child and adolescent psychiatry units because of this study .
Whenever bipolar disorder was suspected ( n = 208 ) by any of the employees , the patients were evaluated for further assessment .
Finally 172 subjects were interviewed by the Kiddie - Schedule for Affective Disorders and Schizophrenia Present and Lifetime version ( KSADS ) [ 34 ] .
Caregiver(s ) and children > 8 years were interviewed separately by a psychiatrist trained by the child and adolescent psychiatrist responsible for translating and coursing of KSADS in Norway .
The taped interviews , supplied with condensed anamnestic information , were validated by a child and adolescent psychiatrist .
Interrater agreement ( kappa ) was 1.0 on bipolar disorder and 0.87 on ADHD-C .
Most of the patients with ADHD-C were recruited from subjects with suspected BD , who fulfilled the ADHD -C criteria only according to the KSADS interview .
Ten additional patients with suspected ADHD -C only were selected from patients at the unit to optimize the age , gender and IQ match between the groups .
These went through the same diagnostic assessments as the other participants .
In addition to diagnoses of ADHD-C and BD , other diagnoses and background information were recorded from KSADS .
All subjects completed an IQ - test ( the Wechsler Intelligence Scale for Children - III Norwegian version or the Wechsler Adult Intelligence Scale III Norwegian version , supplied with the Vineland Adaptive Behaviour Scales when required ) .
Further information was obtained from school ( Teacher Behaviour Rating Scale [ 35 ] ) , teachers evaluation and in most cases school observation ) .
Subjects received standard treatment ; this was not a part of the study but was recorded as clinical information .
The final diagnosis was based on KSADS and all available information including response to medication within one month after inclusion , in a discussion with the main researcher and an experienced child psychiatrist ( last author ) .
Subjects
Sixty - six subjects were initially included .
Two female BP - I patients were later excluded ; one because of drug abuse during testing and one because of possible perinatal brain injury .
Sixty - four subjects grouped as ADHD-C , ADHD -C+BD or BD were finally included in the study .
Six patients with concurrent ADHD-C and BP - NOS symptoms no longer satisfied the criteria for BP - NOS after stimulant medication ; these were reclassified as ADHD -C only .
One patient with BP - I successfully treated by a mood stabilizer , switched to mania when adding a stimulant to treat concurrent ADHD symptoms , this patient was therefore classified as BP - I only .
Twenty - six fulfilled the criteria for ADHD -C only , mean age 13.2 years ( S.D. = 3.8 years ) , mean total IQ 91.4 ( S.D. = 10.9 ) , 11 females .
Fifteen fulfilled the criteria for both ADHD-C and BD ( BP - I = 3 , BP - II = 4 , BP - NOS = 8 ) , mean age 14.0 years ( S.D. = 3.6 years ) , mean total IQ 90.1 ( S.D. = 14.7 ) , females 7 .
Twenty - three fulfilled the criteria of BD ( BP - I = 8 , BP - II = 7 , BP - NOS = 8 ) , mean age 13.8 years ( S.D. = 3.8 years ) , mean total IQ = 95.1 ( S.D. = 13.3 ) , females 13 .
Differences in age and total IQ were non-significant .
Motor examination
The Neuromotor examination for children and adolescents 4 - 16 years ( NUBU ) was used [ 36 ] .
It includes a revised version of the neurological soft sign test from the Isle of Wight Study [ 37 ] and motor tests developed from the Oseretsky 's test [ 38 ] .
NUBU is age standardized in a recent study of 272 representative Norwegian children and adolescents without known developmental problems [ 36 ] .
A soft neurological sign refers to a minor neurological finding , indicating neurological dysfunction depending on age .
The soft sign tests in NUBU are the same for all ages ; deviations are defined as performance inferior to 85 % of the normally developing children .
The motor test covers five different domains , each with ten age standardized items .
The norms are based on a Rasch model and expressed in terms of age equivalents and percentiles in the range 3.5 to 18 years .
In the normative sample , Rasch person reliability was 0.94 and Rasch interrater reliability was 0.99 ( Harald Janson , personal communication ) .
NUBU 4 -18
Soft signs ; age for all evaluation criteria mastered
1. Total soft signs ( summarized test 2 - 12 ) 2. 20 jumps on one foot ( 6 years ) 3 . Fingertip touch with open ( 5 years ) and closed eyes ( 6 years ) 4 . Oculomotor function ; coordinated eye movements without head following ( 7 years ) 5 . Stretch arms forward for 20 seconds without involuntary or abnormal movements ( 8 years ) 6 . Walking heel - toe on line for 20 paces ( 8 years ) 7 . Speech ; pronunciation and comprehension ( 8 years ) 8 . Standing on one foot for 20 seconds ( 8 years ) 9 . Diadochokinesis ( 8 years ) 10 .
Cutting a paper circle ( 8 years ) 11 .
Fog 's test :
Walking on lateral sides of feet ( 11 - 12 years ) 12 .
Finger opposition ( 15 - 16 years )
NUBU 4 -18 Motor tests ; ten age standardized items of each test
1. Total motor age ( mean value of test 2 - 6 ) 2 .
Static coordination ( postural control in different positions without moving the feet ) 3 . Hand - eye coordination ( hand - eye coordination and ball tests ) 4 . Dynamic coordination ( postural control in different moving positions )
5 . Motor tempo ( tempo and precision in hand - and postural movements )
6 . Simultaneous movement ( motor coordination and sustained rhythm in simultaneous motion )
We used the percentile scores in our group comparisons .
The NUBU testing was performed by a psychiatrist trained by the authors of NUBU and by two physiotherapists with special competence in child and adolescent psychiatry , supported by a detailed manual with DVD demonstration of the NUBU tests .
Interrater reliability was established by two of the investigators , testing 6 patients together .
For motor percentile test , Intraclass Correlation Coefficient range was 0.91 - 1.00 ( single measure ) .
Soft sign tests kappa measure of agreement range was 0.57 - 1.00 ( kappa ) .
Inclusion date and test date were not significantly correlated with total soft sign deviations or total motor age .
We attempted to do the test in euthymic and drug free patients .
This was impossible in a minority of the subjects because of severity of symptoms ( mania or psychosis ; n = 9 ) , these were assessed using mood stabilizers .
All other medication was discontinued for a minimum of five times the elimination half - life before testing .
We had to retest the first included patients ( n = 12 ) after two years because the NUBU scoring algorithms were slightly changed .
Missing data :
One did not do the dynamic coordination subtest because of discus prolapse and one did not co-operate in the tempo subtest .
There were no missing data in the soft sign tests .
Self reported motor problems
The KSADS does not include the diagnostics of DCD , but the introductory part contains questions about motor development and motor difficulties .
Answers on these questions were compared with the NUBU findings .
Statistical analysis
Data were analyzed using the Statistical Package for Social Sciences ( SPSS ) , version 16 .
Analyzed factors were soft sign deviations and motor age percentiles adjusted for possibly confounders ( comorbidity and medication ) .
Categorical variables were analyzed using cross table with two - tailed chi square test ( with Yates Continuity Correction ) or Fisher 's exact test when appropriate .
Continuous variables were analyzed by Kruskal - Wallis test and if significant , pairwise comparisons using Mann - Whitney U test .
ROC curves were used to decide cut off value for presence of ADHD-C diagnosis and corresponding sensitivity , specificity and predictive values .
Reported motor problems ( from the introductory part of KSADS ) were compared with total motor problems and total soft sign deviations by Spearman correlation .
Ethics
The protocol was approved by the Regional Committee for Medical Research Ethics of Southern Norway and the Norwegian Social Science Data Services .
All children and their caregivers were given verbal and written information .
Caregivers gave formal written consent for all children under age 18 years .
Children ≥ 12 years gave formal written consent , younger children gave spoken consent .
Data collection was mostly incorporated in routine clinical work .
Considering the uncertainty of psychiatric diagnosis in childhood and adolescence , all subjects were offered diagnostic reassessment after 2 - 3 years and after the age of 18 .
February 5 , 2010
Helen Scott , an author of numerous articles on Haitian history , looks at what the U.S. could be doing -- but wo n't -- to lift the burden for earthquake - ravaged Haitians .
ASKED EARLIER this week by an Associated Press journalist what the U.S. should do to help Haiti , Haitian author Robert Fatton replied : " The international community must shift its priorities and concentrate on helping Haitians build durable state institutions . "
While the mainstream media focuses on the apparently insurmountable difficulty of providing relief , there are two measures that the U.S. could immediately take that would greatly assist Haitians in Haiti and in the diaspora in this process of sustainable , democratic rebuilding : cancellation of Haiti 's foreign debt , and a permanent overhaul of an immigration system that persistently discriminates against Haitians .
Haiti's foreign debt is the result of political actions by powerful foreign nations and institutions , in collusion with powerful Haitian elite domestic minorities , that have directly provoked state instability , environmental destruction , decimation of the infrastructure and mass poverty .
These realities , as much as direct political repression under dictatorship or coup regimes , necessarily also have led many Haitians to try to leave their home .
And yet the U.S. state has persisted in defining Haitians as " economic " rather than " political " refugees ( such as those from Cuba , to cite one notorious example of a blatant double standard ) , and has for decades consistently violated international law by denying Haitians sanctuary and instead forcibly returning them .
This is part of a long - term and appalling pattern of discrimination against Haitians under U.S. immigration policy .
Michael Clemens of the Center for Global Development points out that the U.S. officially absorbs approximately 1 million permanent immigrants annually from around the world .
Despite the xenophobia of chauvinists , there is plenty of evidence that immigration brings economic as well as social and cultural benefits to the U.S. Indeed , the U.S. often portrays itself as a melting pot of immigrants in search of freedom and prosperity .
And yet , only about 21,000 Haitian immigrants on average are legally admitted into the U.S. each year , mostly those with a relative here already .
Between 1982 and 2009 , the U.S. Coast Guard stopped and returned more than 114,000 Haitians en route to the United States .
During the reign of terror under the coup regime in 1991 , 38,000 Haitians fled and sought safety in the U.S. ; of those , fewer than 5 percent received asylum , and the rest were repatriated or held in the infamous prison camps at Guantánamo Bay .
Even more criminally , U.S. agencies actually gave names and addresses to coup leaders of some of those who had attempted to flee , guaranteeing arrest , torture and execution for thousands .
What you can do Donations and aid are desperately needed in Haiti .
Here are some organizations with connections to the grassroots movements in the country .
The Haiti Emergency Relief Fund , organized by the solidarity organization Haiti Action , delivers resources directly to grassroots organizations .
It was founded in 2004 after the coup d'etat that forced President Jean - Bertrand Aristide out of office .
For more information , including a telephone contact , go to the Canada Haiti Action Network Web site .
The Zanmi Lasante Medical Center is located in the Central Plateau of Haiti and delivers health care through a network of clinics .
The health center survived the earthquake and delivering aid to the disaster zone .
You can donate to the center through the U.S. non-profit organization Partners in Health .
SOPUDEP is a pioneering school in Petionville .
The resources of the school and its teachers are being mobilized to assist the neighboring population .
You can support the school via the Canadian - based Sawatzky Family Foundation .
Since 2001 , official policy and practice have actually become even harsher .
In 2003 , a new comprehensive plan called " Operation Vigilant Sentry " was established .
A year ago , Stephen Lendman of the Centre for Research on Globalization wrote an extensive account of current practice .
He summarizes official Haitian policy under Bush and Obama :
-- Deny asylum seeker status ; Summarily return arrivals without screening their claims ; Detain others under harsh conditions prior to deportation ; Deny Haitians their rights under international law and ; Expeditiously deport over 30,000 refugees ( this was after a temporary halt on deportations by ICE -- Immigration and Customs Enforcement -- after the hurricane of 2008 ) .
EVEN IN the wake of what is generally acknowledged to be among the worst catastrophes in human history , the U.S. continues to treat Haitians like criminals .
Navy and Coast Guard vessels are circling Haiti , not to rescue survivors , but to capture and return anyone trying to escape .
Hilary Clinton was quick to declare : " Our ordinary and regular immigration laws will apply going forward , which means that we are not going to be accepting into the United States Haitians who are attempting to make it to our shores .
They will be interdicted .
They will be repatriated . "
The federal government responded to the earthquake by freeing up space in the Krome detention center outside of Miami .
And a tent city has been erected at Guantánamo Bay , the Miami Herald reports , " in case waves of Haitians leave their homeland and are captured at sea , said Navy Rear Adm. Thomas Copeman . "
A U.S. Air Force plane has been transmitting a message from Raymond Joseph , Haiti's ambassador to the U.S. , in Kreyòl across Haiti , the New York Times reported .
" Listen , do n't rush on boats to leave the country , " Mr. Joseph says , according to a transcript released by the Pentagon .
" If you do that , we 'll all have even worse problems .
Because , I 'll be honest with you :
If you think you will reach the U.S. and all the doors will be wide open to you , that 's not at all the case .
And they will intercept you right on the water and send you back home where you came from . "
The Obama administration has made much of its suspension of deportations and the extension of Temporary Protected Status ( TPS ) to potentially 125,000 undocumented Haitians in the U.S. , which would halt their deportation and allow them to engage in wage labor .
But this is only for 18 months .
And the application process for TPS is designed to exclude many , and is absurdly Orwellian - - for example , applicants have to prove indigence , and yet the application process is estimated to cost $ 470 .
For anyone who believes that the Haitians who ordinarily end up in the Krome detention center are " illegal " and therefore criminal , I recommend that they read Edwidge Danticat 's moving autobiographical work Brother I'm Dying .
In it , she tells the story of her Uncle Joseph , persecuted under the Duvaliers , but determined to stay in his Haitian home that he loved , though finally driven out by threats to his life .
Against all odds , he made it to Miami to appeal for asylum , but this 81 year - old cancer survivor was thrown into detention at Krome , and died shortly after .
The stories of those Haitians who face deportation due to a past criminal record are often just as wrenching .
Like that of Jean Montrevil , who came to the U.S. from Haiti as a teenager with a green card , ran into trouble and was convicted of possession of cocaine .
He did 11 years in jail , and turned his life around : he started a business , married a U.S. citizen , became a parent of four U.S. citizen children .
He became a model tax - paying citizen , in other words .
But due to that past conviction , he was under an immigration supervision program , and at a routine visit -- which he voluntarily attended -- he was imprisoned and told he would be deported .
These are the human faces of the policy Hilary Clinton publicly announces as if it is something to be proud of .
THE U.S. government is even blocking emergency medical care for severely injured Haitians .
The Department of Homeland Security has said that only 34 people have been granted humanitarian parole , which would make them eligible to enter the U.S. and qualify for Medicaid , on medical grounds .
And evacuations to American hospitals were halted for several days while the federal and state governments and the hospitals bickered over who would pay .
How can the U.S. government continue to present itself as a generous source of aid and relief , when it continues to bleed the country dry while treating its inhabitants as criminals ?
In order to extend genuine solidarity to Haitians as they struggle against all odds , we must support relief efforts run by accountable groups based in Haiti and run by Haitians already on the ground , not to the Red Cross or the Bush / Clinton fund .
We must not forget Haiti when the stories drop off the front pages and prime time news , which is already starting to happen .
And most importantly , we have to organize to change the twisted priorities that are doing so much harm , imposed by our government in our name .
We should call on our government to cancel Haiti 's debt : totally , unconditionally and immediately .
We should also call for a permanent halt to deportations and the practice of forcibly returning Haitians seeking refuge , and to extend amnesty to Haitians already here but without legal status .
Those who doubt that political activism can have an impact can take heart from the fact that Jean Montrevil was released from prison as a direct result of a protest campaign that grew up around his case .
Amy Goodman of Democracy
Now summed it up : " Grassroots and church groups in New York City demanded freedom for Jean Montrevil , and he was released .
It is that kind of solidarity that is now needed by millions of Haitians , here and in Haiti , suffering the greatest catastrophe in their history . "
Le constructeur automobile américain General Motors ( GM ) a annoncé mercredi l'échec de la vente de sa filiale de gros tout - terrain Hummer à la société chinoise Tengzhong et décidé que la marque disparaîtrait .
" Nous sommes déçus que l'accord avec Tengzhong ne puisse pas être mené à bien .
GM va maintenant travailler en étroite coopération avec les employés , les distributeurs et les fournisseurs de Hummer pour arrêter l'activité de façon ordonnée et responsable " , a déclaré le vice - président de GM chargé des alliances , John Smith , sans préciser les raisons de cet échec .
En octobre , Tengzhong et le constructeur américain avaient conclu un accord sur le rachat de Hummer , mais avaient dû reporter la date butoir pour la transaction faute d'approbation des autorités chinoises fin janvier , selon Tengzhong .
Un nouvelle date butoir avait été fixée à dimanche .
Le ministère du commerce chinois , acteur clef dans ce processus d'approbation , avait réaffirmé n'avoir reçu aucune demande officielle de Tengzhong pour l'acquisition de Hummer .
Tengzhong , basé dans le Sichuan ( Sud-Ouest ) , produit des machines pour le secteur de la construction et des infrastructures , ainsi que pour l'industrie énergétique .
Des analystes s'étaient interrogés sur la capacité de l'entreprise chinoise , doublement dépourvue d'expérience dans l'automobile et à l'étranger , à transformer cette acquisition en succès .
Le Monde avec AFP
By Geeta Pandey
BBC News , Bangalore
The brothers were warned by their neighbours before coming to India Abdul Gaffar sits on his hospital bed , drinking sweet syrupy tea from a plastic cup .
" I 'm feeling good , " he says , smiling .
Abdul was born with a congenital heart disease , explains brother Ali Baksh .
" He had two big holes in his heart and some valves were missing .
He was very weak , he could n't walk , he had no strength in his hands .
Thanks to Allah , he 's fine now . "
Abdul is from the Pakistani city of Karachi and he is among the growing number of Pakistanis with serious heart conditions being referred to the Narayana Hrudayalaya hospital - in the southern Indian city of Bangalore .
" We brought Abdul here because the doctors in Pakistan said he could not be treated there .
They said , take him to India , " Ali Baksh says .
The cardiologists in Pakistan sent an e-mail to Narayana about Abdul , and the hospital responded with an offer to perform the surgery .
" He was born with pulmonary atresia - which means there was no direct connection between his heart and lung arteries .
So we used a synthetic tube to create a connection between the two , " explains the hospital chairman and chief surgeon , Dr Devi Shetty .
Strained relations Earlier , Mr Gaffar could not even get out of bed because the oxygen content in his body was very low .
" But now , he can live a normal life .
He can't take part in competitive sport , and can't do heavy exercise but other than that , all is well with him , " Dr Shetty says .
Relations between India and Pakistan - who have fought three wars since their partition in 1947 - have long been strained .
Indian troops battled for three days to regain control of Mumbai in 2008
While their long - standing dispute over Kashmir continues , relations took a severe beating following the November 2008 Mumbai ( Bombay ) attacks .
India blamed the attacks on Pakistan - based militant group Lashkar-e Taiba .
After initially denying the charge , Pakistan admitted that the attacks were partly planned on its territory .
An angry India suspended peace talks and relations have since hit rock bottom .
Narayana Hrudyalaya , however , has continued with its healthy form of " track two diplomacy " to mend the hearts of many Pakistanis .
Every year the hospital performs more than 100 operations on Pakistani patients , most of them children , says Dr Shetty .
" For us children of this country and children of Pakistan are the same .
What sin have they done ?
It 's not fair on our part to think when a child in Pakistan is in distress and I 'm in a position to help the child , [ that ]
I should n't help the child .
It does n't work that way .
" I understand there are major issues brewing between the two countries .
But I 'm sure wisdom will prevail , and the leaders will set things right because this kind of relationship cannot go on forever .
I 'm sure at some point of time things will become normal , " he says .
Warning Dr Shetty , however , says that Indian authorities have been " very sympathetic " to Pakistani children with heart problems and have issued them visas quickly .
That claim is seconded by Ali Baksh , who says they had no problems obtaining an Indian visa .
But , he says , they did set off from Karachi in December with a sense of trepidation .
Dr Shetty hopes things will become normal between India and Pakistan " Our neighbours warned us , " says Ali Baksh .
" They said : ' You are going to India , God knows what kind of people are there ?
The times are bad , relations between the two countries are bad , there may be a war while you 're there , you are bound to get into some sort of problem . '
" I said : ' If something happens , then that 's my luck .
I will take my brother to India for his surgery .
And thank Allah we have n't had any bad experience , everything turned out really well for us . ' "
The brothers crossed the Wagah border by train and arrived in the Indian capital , Delhi .
" From there we took another train to Bangalore .
We asked around and found our way to the hospital . "
Ali Baksh is all praise for his hosts .
" People here are very good , they are peace - loving .
They work hard for their living , they do n't bother anyone . "
And now the brothers are getting ready for the journey home .
" Now my brother is fine , we will be discharged soon and then we will fly to Delhi and then take the train back to Pakistan . "
Abdul cannot seem to contain his happiness .
" I 'm looking forward to meeting abbu [ father ] and ammi [ mother ] .
When I was coming , ammi said , go get your surgery done , and then come back . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
BAGHDAD  A series of bombings , beheadings and shootings rippled through Iraq on Monday , leaving at least 23 people dead , including 9 children , and intensifying concern about a spike in violence with less than two weeks until national elections .
The authorities detected no discernible pattern to the violence , with rockets exploding in Baghdad ’s heavily fortified Green Zone , car bombings aimed at government buildings , assassinations of security officers and government officials and the killings of two families in their homes in Baghdad .
The killings of the families were reminiscent of the attacks common during the height of the bloodletting between Sunnis and Shiites in Iraq a few years ago .
In the largely Shiite town of Madaen , south of Baghdad , a gang of gunmen stormed a home of a family and killed all eight people there , including six children .
Now I need to get a clip up because it's not real without the clip
but , stilllll
http://www.thedailyshow.com/...
there 's a link 15 minutes in Gingrich just lies about Reid 's Citizenship
Dang .....
John Stewart busted him before the show even wrapped ....
John did a closing comment where he mentioned that Richard Reid is n't
an American Citizen ...
let me see if i can get some video
( Can anyone help me find a video clip of this ? )
One vehicle has the potential to cross paths with 30,000 to 70,000 people per day .
A vehicle with graphics stands out from all the others and commands attention , which can boost name recognition 15 times more than any other advertising media .
Are your company vehicles making a great impression ?
As the only company to focus solely on fleet graphics , Advertising Vehicles knows the fleet graphics business inside and out .
We can help you transform anything sitting on four to eighteen wheels with eye - catching graphics that increase awareness and build your brand .
Whether you are a local mom and pop or a well - known national brand , Advertising Vehicles will be a true partner with you throughout every unique detail of creating and installing customized vehicle graphics , and will help protect your valuable brand the way we do our own .
Bowie wants to defend your honor by challenging all your would - be suitors to a bout of fisticuffs !
Bowie 's that stoner guy who sits at the back of your shop class , huffing paint thinner and saying " Duuude " a lot .
Now he 's that kid in your English class who reads a lot of Anne Sexton and writes emo poetry .
COME JOIN THE CHESS CLUB !
" That ' 71 Dodge Dart is aat $ 4000 , but I can let you walk off the lot with it at $ 3800 , plus I 'll throw in some brand - new floormats and a six month warranty !
" Bowie is a French brothel madame and he 's inviting you upstairs to view his harem of lady - boys .
Farmer
Bo says that pigs are on special this week , £ 50 each or two for £ 75 !
Bowie 's a concerned citizen who wanted to let you know that you 've got a piece of spinach stuck right ... there .
No , to the left .
Yeah , that 's it .
Billy Bob Bowie has a delightfully rustic shack somewhere in rural Georgia with his own moonshine still out back , and he thinks you have a purty mouth .
Panflute provides a common programmatic interface ( MPRIS + extensions ) to a variety of music player software , hiding the details of each player 's particular IPC mechanism .
It also provides a GNOME panel applet that uses the Panflute backend to control whichever music player is currently running .
It only took 126 career hops -- the first one being a soulless teen model -- for Barbie to land a job as a computer software engineer .
All we know now is that she has a dual monitor setup and a picture of Ken at her cubicle .
Oh , and she uses Linux on the world 's smallest netbook .
U.S. prosecutors wrestling the legal issues of an Oct. 20 , 2009 , raid on a marijuana - growing operation in Fort Collins say federal law trumps an amendment to the Colorado Constitution making it OK to use or sell medical pot .
“ Possession or distribution of any quantity of marijuana , for any purpose , remains illegal as a matter of federal law throughout the State of Colorado .
( Federal prosecutors have ) the discretion to prosecute individual cases of possession and distribution without regard to state law , ” wrote Assistant U.S. Attorney Stephanie Podolak last week in a brief supporting the Drug Enforcement Administration raid on the home of Martin Pieper .
DEA agents seized 150 marijuana plants , eight grow lights and a variety of cultivation equipment from Pieper ’s home in the Village West neighborhood of Fort Collins .
Federal vs. state law
Federal officials say the operation was not in compliance with Amendment 20 to the Colorado Constitution .
The amendment , passed in 2000 , allows small amounts of marijuana to be used by patients suffering from a list of eight symptoms , provided they receive the endorsement of a physician and a license issued by the state .
Pieper has not been charged with any crime .
Pieper ’s home was raided the day after U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder issued a memorandum advising federal prosecutors not to focus resources on prosecuting patients who use marijuana in a way that complies with state law .
As medical - marijuana cases make their way into state courts , one of the key issues being raised by defense attorneys is whether federal law trumps state law involving controlled substances .
Defense attorneys in various cases have claimed that Amendment 20 exempts their licensed clients from federal and state prosecution for use and distribution of marijuana .
Podolak ’s brief was among the first definitive statements from federal prosecutors as to their view of the protection offered by Amendment 20 .
Attorney general agrees
Denver attorney Joseph Saint - Veltri , who represents one of the Fort Collins defendants , said he is not sure federal law “ completely trumps the Colorado Constitution to the extent of depriving citizens their rights engendered by the amendment .
“ This brief makes the process of amending the Colorado Constitution by the citizens at best a meaningless act of insolence , ” Saint - Veltri said .
Through a spokesman , Colorado Attorney General John Suthers concurred with the Podolak brief , citing the argument “ that no state law can , by its own force , create an exception to federal provisions criminalizing the possession , manufacture and the distribution of marijuana . ”
“ From our standpoint , there is no gray area in federal law .
Marijuana is still illegal , ” said Suthers ’ spokesman Mike Saccone .
“ The gray areas are in state law .
The legislature is working to resolve the ambiguities , some of which we support and some of which we do n’t . ”
Mike McPhee : 303-954-1409 or mmcphee@denverpost.com
We wholeheartedly believe a daily rhythm of seeking intimacy with God has the power to transform lives .
That ’s why YouVersion creates biblically centered , culturally relevant experiences that encourage and challenge people to seek God throughout each day .
This is the eighth in a series of blog posts introducing the new C++0 x thread library .
See the end of this article for a full set of links to the rest of the series .
In this installment we 'll take a look at the " futures " mechanism from C++0 x .
Futures are a high level mechanism for passing a value between threads , and allow a thread to wait for a result to be available without having to manage the locks directly .
Futures and asynchronous function calls
The most basic use of a future is to hold the result of a call to the new std :: async function for running some code asynchronously :
#include < future > # include < iostream > int calculate_the_answer_to_LtUaE( ) ; void do_stuff ( ) ; int main ( ) { std::future<int > the_answer=std::async(calculate_the_answer_to_LtUaE ) ; do_stuff ( ) ; std::cout <<" The answer to life , the universe and everything is " << the_answer.get ( ) << std::endl ; }
The call to std :: async takes care of creating a thread , and invoking calculate_the_answer_to_LtUaE on that thread .
The main thread can then get on with calling do_stuff ( ) whilst the immensely time consuming process of calculating the ultimate answer is done in the background .
Finally , the call to the get ( ) member function of the std : : future < int > object then waits for the function to complete and ensures that the necessary synchronization is applied to transfer the value over so the main thread can print " 42 " .
Sometimes asynchronous functions are n't really asynchronous
Though I said that std :: async takes care of creating a thread , that 's not necessarily true .
As well as the function being called , std : : async takes a launch policy which specifies whether to start a new thread or create a " deferred function " which is only run when you wait for it .
The default launch policy for std :: async is std :: launch :: any , which means that the implementation gets to choose for you .
If you really want to ensure that your function is run on its own thread then you need to specify the std :: launch : : async policy :
std::future<int > the_answer=std::async(std::launch::async , calculate_the_answer_to_LtUaE ) ;
Likewise , if you really want the function to be executed in the get ( ) call then you can specify the std :: launch : : sync policy :
std::future<int > the_answer=std::async(std::launch::sync ,calculate_the_answer_to_LtUaE ) ;
In most cases it makes sense to let the library choose .
That way you 'll avoid creating too many threads and overloading the machine , whilst taking advantage of the available hardware threads .
If you need fine control , you 're probably better off managing your own threads .
Divide and Conquer
std :: async can be used to easily parallelize simple algorithms .
For example , you can write a parallel version of for_each as follows :
template < typename Iterator , typename Func > void parallel_for_each( Iterator first , Iterator last , Func f ) { ptrdiff_t const range_length=last-first ; if(!range_length ) return ; if( range_length==1 ) { f(* first ) ; return ; } Iterator const mid=first +( range_length / 2 ) ; std::future< void > bgtask=std::async(¶llel_for_each < Iterator , Func > , first , mid , f ) ; try { parallel_for_each ( mid , last , f ) ; } catch ( ... ) { bgtask .wait ( ) ; throw ; } bgtask.get ( ) ; }
This simple bit of code recursively divides up the range into smaller and smaller pieces .
Obviously an empty range does n't require anything to happen , and a single - point range just requires calling f on the one and only value .
For bigger ranges then an asynchronous task is spawned to handle the first half , and then the second half is handled by a recursive call .
The try - catch block just ensures that the asynchronous task is finished before we leave the function even if an exception in order to avoid the background tasks potentially accessing the range after it has been destroyed .
Finally , the get ( ) call waits for the background task , and propagates any exception thrown from the background task .
That way if an exception is thrown during any of the processing then the calling code will see an exception .
Of course if more than one exception is thrown then some will get swallowed , but C++ can only handle one exception at a time , so that 's the best that can be done without using a custom composite_exception class to collect them all .
Many algorithms can be readily parallelized this way , though you may want to have more than one element as the minimum range in order to avoid the overhead of spawning the asynchronous tasks .
Promises
An alternative to using std :: async to spawn the task and return the future is to manage the threads yourself and use the std :: promise class template to provide the future .
Promises provide a basic mechanism for transferring values between threads : each std :: promise object is associated with a single std:: future object .
A thread with access to the std :: future object can use wait for the result to be set , whilst another thread that has access to the corresponding std :: promise object can call set_value ( ) to store the value and make the future ready .
This works well if the thread has more than one task to do , as information can be made ready to other threads as it becomes available rather than all of them having to wait until the thread doing the work has completed .
It also allows for situations where multiple threads could produce the answer : from the point of view of the waiting thread it does n't matter where the answer came from , just that it is there so it makes sense to have a single future to represent that availability .
For example , asynchronous I/ O could be modelled on a promise / future basis : when you submit an I/O request then the async I /O handler creates a promise / future pair .
The future is returned to the caller , which can then wait on the future when it needs the data , and the promise is stored alongside the details of the request .
When the request has been fulfilled then the I/ O thread can set the value on the promise to pass the value back to the waiting thread before moving on to process additional requests .
The following code shows a sample implementation of this pattern .
class aio { class io_request { std:: streambuf * is ; unsigned read_count ; std::promise<std::vector<char > > p ; public : explicit io_request ( std : : streambuf& is_, unsigned count_ ) : is ( &is_ ) , read_count ( count_ ) {} io_request ( io_request&& other ) : is ( other.is ) , read_count ( other.read_count ) , p(std::move( other .p ) ) {} io_request ( ) : is ( 0 ) , read_count (0 ) {} std::future <std::vector< char > > get_future ( ) { return p.get_future ( ) ; } void process ( ) { try { std::vector < char > buffer ( read_count ) ; unsigned amount_read=0 ; while ( ( amount_read != read_count ) && ( is->sgetc ( ) !=std::char_traits<char>::eof ( ) ) ) { amount_read+=is->sgetn(&buffer[amount_read ] , read_count-amount_read ) ; } buffer.resize( amount_read ) ; p.set_value( std::move( buffer ) ) ; } catch ( ... ) { p.set_exception(std::current_exception ( ) ) ; } } } ; thread_safe_queue<io_request > request_queue ; std::atomic_bool done ; void io_thread ( ) { while ( ! done ) { io_request req=request_queue.pop ( ) ; req.process ( ) ; } } std :: thread iot ; public : aio ( ) : done ( false ) , iot ( &aio : : io_thre ad , this ) {} std::future < std::vector < char > > queue_read ( std : : streambuf& is , unsigned count ) { io_request req ( is , count ) ; std::future<std::vector<char> > f( req.get_future ( ) ) ; request_queue.push( std::move( req ) ) ; return f ; } ~aio ( ) { done=true ; request_queue.push(io_request ( ) ) ; iot.join ( ) ; } } ; void do_stuff ( ) {} void process_data ( std::vector < char > v) { for ( unsigned i=0 ; i< v.size ( ) ;++i ) { std ::cout << v[ i ] ; } std :: cout < < std::endl ; } int main ( ) { aio async_io ; std:: filebuf f ; f.open ( " my_file.dat " , std::ios : : in | std::ios : : binary ) ; std::future<std::vector<char > > fv=async_io.queue_read(f,1048576 ) ; do_stuff ( ) ; process_data( fv.get ( ) ) ; return 0 ; }
Next Time
The sample code above also demonstrates passing exceptions between threads using the set_exception ( ) member function of std:: promise .
I 'll go into more detail about exceptions in multithreaded next time .
Subscribe to the RSS feed or email newsletter for this blog to be sure you do n't miss the rest of the series .
Try it out
If you 're using Microsoft Visual Studio 2008 or g++ 4.3 or 4.4 on Ubuntu Linux you can try out the examples from this series using our just : : thread implementation of the new C++0 x thread library .
Get your copy today .
Here are the posts in this series so far :
Posted by Anthony Williams
[/ threading /] permanent link
Tags : concurrency , multithreading , C++0x , thread , future , promise , async
Stumble It ! | Submit to Reddit | Submit to DZone
Comment on this post
If you liked this post , why not subscribe to the RSS feed or Follow me on Twitter ?
You can also subscribe to this blog by email using the form on the left .
Globally , roughly 13 million hectares of forest fall to the blade or fire each year .
Such deforestation has long been driven by farmers eking out a slash - and - burn living or loggers using new roads to cut inroads into pristine forest .
But now new data appears to show that , at least for the first five years of the 21st century , big block clearings that reflect industrial deforestation have come to dominate , rather than smaller - scale efforts that leave behind long , narrow swaths of cleared land .
Geographer Ruth DeFries of Columbia University and her colleagues used satellite images from Landsat , along with the MODIS instrument on Aqua to analyze tree - clearing in countries ringing the tropics , representing 98 percent of all remaining tropical forest .
Instead of the typical " fish bone " signature of deforestation from small - scale operations , large , chunky blocks of cleared land reveal a changing driver for cutting down woods : large enterprises feeding urban demand , according to a new paper published in Nature Geoscience on February 7 .
( Scientific American is part of Nature Publishing Group . )
In fact , a statistical analysis of 41 countries revealed that forest loss rates are most closely linked with urban population growth and agricultural exports from 2000 to 2005 — even overall population growth was not as strong a driver .
" In previous decades , deforestation was associated with planned colonization , resettlement schemes and local farmers clearing land to grow food for subsistence , " DeFries says .
" What we 're seeing is a shift from small - scale farmers driving deforestation to distant demands from urban growth , agricultural trade and exports being more important drivers . "
In other words , the increasing urbanization of the developing world — as well as an ongoing increase in consumption in the developed world for products that have an impact on forests , whether furniture , shoe leather or chicken fed on soy meal — is driving deforestation , rather than containing it , as populations leave rural areas to concentrate in booming cities .
" One of the really striking characteristics of this century is urbanization and rapid urban growth in the developing world , " DeFries says .
" " People in cities need to eat . "
" There 's no surprise there , " observes Scott Poynton , executive director of the Tropical Forest Trust , a Switzerland - based organization that helps businesses implement and manage sustainable forestry in countries such as Brazil , Congo and Indonesia .
" It 's not about poor people chopping down trees .
It 's all the people in New York , Europe and elsewhere who want cheap products , primarily food . "
To help sustain this increasing urban and global demand , agricultural productivity will need to be increased on lands that have already been cleared , such as the many degraded and abandoned lands in the tropics , DeFries argues , whether through better crop varieties or better management techniques .
And the Tropical Forest Trust is building management systems to keep illegally harvested wood from ending up in , for example , deck chairs , as well as expanding its efforts to look at how to reduce the " forest footprint " of agricultural products , such as palm oil .
" The agricultural stuff , that 's where the deforestation happens , " Poynton says .
" The point is to give forests value as forests , to keep it as a forest and give it a use as a forest .
They 're not going to lock it away as a national park , that 's not going to happen . "
Of course , tropical deforestation has allowed forest regrowth in other areas , including tropical lands previously cleared .
And forest clearing in the Amazon , the world 's largest tropical forest , has dropped from roughly 1.9 million hectares a year in the 1990s to 1.6 million hectares a year over the last decade , according to the Brazilian government .
" We know that deforestation has slowed down in at least the Brazilian Amazon since the data we have for this study , " DeFries says .
" We looked very broadly over 41 countries .
Every place is different .
Every country has its own particular situation , circumstances and drivers . "
Regardless , cutting down forests is one of the largest sources of greenhouse gas emissions from human activity — a double blow that both eliminates a biological system to suck up CO2 and a new source of greenhouse gases in the form of decaying plants .
The United Nations Environment Programme estimates that slowing such deforestation could restore some 50 billion metric tons of CO2 , or more than a year of global emissions , and international climate negotiations continue to attempt to set up a system to drive that , known as the U.N. Development Programme 's fund for reducing emissions from deforestation and forest degradation in developing countries ( REDD ) .
" If policies [ like REDD ] are to be effective , we need to understand what the driving forces are behind deforestation , " DeFries argues , and there are some new pressures looming .
" Competing land uses for other products such as biofuels will exacerbate these pressures on tropical forests , " the researchers wrote .
But millions of hectares of pristine forest remain to potentially save , according to this new analysis — 60 percent of the remaining tropical forests are in countries or areas with little agricultural trade or urban growth .
" The amount of forest area in places like central Africa , Guyana and Suriname , " DeFries notes , is huge .
" There 's a lot of forest that has not yet faced these pressures . "
Gordon Brown will give evidence to the Iraq inquiry next Friday , it was announced today .
He is scheduled to take questions for around four and a half hours about his involvement in Iraq policy both as chancellor and as prime minister .
Sir John Chilcot and his team originally said that they did not want to call Brown before the general election because they did not want his evidence to be exploited for party political purposes .
But Chilcot changed his mind after the Liberal Democrat leader , Nick Clegg , suggested that Brown had something to hide .
Chilcot decided that it would be unfair to Brown not to let him give evidence before polling day .
The inquiry has heard evidence that the Treasury did not give the Ministry of Defence all the resources it wanted and Brown is likely to be asked about this in detail .
But he may also be asked whether he was in favour of the decision to go to war .
Although Brown has defended the war , he said little about it in public at the time , and there were claims that he privately believed that the invasion was a mistake .
In an interview at the weekend Brown insisted that he did support Tony Blair 's decision to use military force .
" For me , it 's always been about a country that refused to cooperate with the international community over many , many years , when it was in breach of its international obligations , " Brown told the Independent on Sunday .
" In Britain , it 's a cabinet decision .
You accept the collective responsibility in a cabinet , and I would expect every member of a cabinet I was in to accept their collective responsibility .
When a decision 's made you 've got to stand up and defend it . "
Two other cabinet ministers who were also originally going to be questioned by the inquiry after the election will also appear in early March .
Douglas Alexander , the international development secretary , will appear next week after Brown , on Friday afternoon .
David Miliband , the foreign secretary , will give evidence the following Monday .
A “ SO - CALLED Romeo and Juliet ” law permitting prosecution of a boy over allegedly having sex with a 14 - year - old girl when he was aged 15 is “ crude and old - fashioned ” gender - based discrimination , it was claimed before the High Court yesterday .
The Oireachtas had justified the law on the basis of a “ patronising view ” that girls must be protected from boys who are the guilty parties , Gerard Hogan argued yesterday when opening the boy ’s challenge to the 2006 law .
The applicant , now aged 18 , claims his right to equal treatment under the Constitution and European Convention on Human Rights has been breached because he has been charged with unlawful carnal knowledge and buggery , while the girl can not be charged at all .
The case arises after the Government introduced the Criminal Law ( Sexual Offences )
Act 2006 in a swift response to a Supreme Court decision in the “ CC ” case , which struck down as unconstitutional the 1935 law on unlawful carnal knowledge , on grounds it did not allow for the defence of an “ honest mistake ” about a girl ’s age .
The 2006 law provides a girl under 17 cannot be prosecuted for unlawful carnal knowledge while a boy can , and the boy claims he is being discriminated against on grounds of gender .
The trial of the boy is on hold pending the outcome of the High Court case brought against Ireland , the Attorney General and the DPP , who deny the claims .
The boy is charged under Section 3 of the 2006 Act with committing the offences against the girl on August 5th , 2006 .
Opening the case yesterday , Mr Hogan argued that central to the 2006 law was that the “ boy alone ” commits the offence while the girl enjoys “ complete immunity ” .
This law was based on a “ crude ” traditional sexual stereotype and was “ a good old - fashioned example of gender - based discrimination for which there is no objective justification ” .
Referring to the “ so - called Romeo and Juliet provision ” of the 2006 Act , counsel said that this “ is not the age of Shakespeare ” but 400 years on , and society was still faced with this “ nakedly gender - based legislation ” .
The State took the view that girls should not be charged because the penalty for them was the possibility of pregnancy , counsel said .
While this was to be the deterrent for girls , there was no comparison between this and the shame , ignominy and other “ savage ” consequences for a young man facing imprisonment for up to five years if convicted of a sex offence , counsel said .
The reality was that boys are made criminally responsible for sexual activity while girls enjoy an immunity , and the State had provided no “ equalisation of risk ” between the two penalties .
The law also failed to acknowledge fatherhood does have consequences for a boy and was a deterrent to boys engaging in underage sexual activity .
The State was attempting to “ level the playing field ” by creating this criminal offence , counsel said .
However , this was “ not like some penalty points system , but a serious business which involves a potential five - year sentence ” .
Prof Sheila Green , psychologist and professor of childhood research in Trinity College Dublin , told the court that studies had shown there had been a major increase in consensual sex between under - 17s .
Many of them were unaware boys could be prosecuted for having sex with girls of the same age , she said .
Statistics showed the mean age of children having sex was 15 ½ while it was as low as 13 ½ in some areas , she added .
Cross -examined by Donal O’Donnell , for the State , Prof Green said there was a need for a criminal sanction for adults having sex with underage children .
However , while accepting there should be a deterrent to children having consensual sex , she had a difficulty with it being made a crime .
The hearing before Ms Justice Elizabeth Dunne continues .
In 2006 , Benjamin Koellmann bought a condominium in Miami Beach .
By his calculation , it will be about the year 2025 before he can sell his modest home for what he paid .
Or maybe 2040 .
“ People like me are beginning to feel like suckers , ” Mr. Koellmann said .
“ Why not let it go in default and rent a better place for less ? ”
After three years of plunging real estate values , after the bailouts of the bankers and the revival of their million - dollar bonuses , after the Obama administration ’s loan modification plan raised the expectations of many but satisfied only a few , a large group of distressed homeowners is wondering the same thing .
New research suggests that when a home ’s value falls below 75 percent of the amount owed on the mortgage , the owner starts to think hard about walking away , even if he or she has the money to keep paying .
Transcript :
Adam : Sigh .
Rolf : Yo ...
What 's the matter , dude ?
Adam : I dunno , Rolf ...
I have this feeling that I 'm taking life a bit too lightly ... that maybe I need something else to push me to a richer , more substantive life .
Rolf : Hmm ...
Hold on , I 'll go ask the big guy .
God :
What does he want ?
Rolf : Something that 'll make his life more substantial .
God : OK ... I 've got just the thing ...
Behold ...
Rolf : Whoa ! ... Then he handed me this six - pack and said switching from a pilsener to a stout oughta do it .
Adam : Woo - hoo !
I feel better already !
B.E. ( Before Eve )
The pre-female time in paradise when guys were guys ...
Since taking Dave Ramsey ’s Financial Peace University I ’ve been convicted of the fact that I need to have a life insurance policy .
During the class they share the story of one young father who after taking FPU bought a term life insurance policy .
A few weeks later he was found to have terminal brain cancer .
His family was lucky because he bought insurance before receiving the diagnosis , and they were now taken care of and would be able to stay in their home after he passed .
God forbid that I should ever die while still young and my wife be forced to try and move ahead without me , but now that we ’re expecting our first child , there is even more at stake .
I know I now have even more to protect .
It ’s time to start shopping around for life insurance quotes .
When Should I Get Life Insurance ?
There is a debate surrounding the topic of when people should get life insurance .
Some people say it is n’t a huge necessity to get life insurance until you head down the road of having children .
Others say that you should buy term life insurance when you ’re younger – even if you do n’t have children – because you ’ll be in better health , the rates will be lower , and who knows if and when you ’ll have a health issue that will preclude you from obtaining affordable life insurance .
I used to come down in the camp that felt you did n’t need life insurance until you have children .
My reasoning was that my wife has a job , and she would be able to continue paying for her living expenses if I died , and since we have no children she would n’t need to pay for child care , or anything associated with having children .
After hearing stories , however , of young healthy people who all of a sudden have major health crises and all of a sudden can’t qualify for life insurance – even if they wanted to – it got me thinking .
I realized that we ’re planning on having children someday – and you never know what will happen .
Term life insurance is so cheap that there really is n’t a good reason not to get it now – even without children .
Now that we ’re expecting our first child , however , I knew it was time to move ahead .
Should I Get Term Life , Whole Life , Universal Life Or VariableLife Insurance Policy ?
Another debate you ’ll often hear when it comes to life insurance is whether term life or whole life insurance is the better deal .
With term life you just pay your premiums , and if you die your family gets paid .
Simple as that .
Whole life and other cash value type policies have an investment or savings component to them as well – often meaning that you ’ll get your premiums back at the end , some investment gains or that you ’ll get an annuity .
I believe that in most cases term life insurance is the better deal .
The reason ?
You can buy term life insurance much cheaper .
That means that you can take the difference between what you paid for term life and whole life , and invest it – without added layers of fees from the insurance company .
Of course , that is assuming that you ’re disciplined enough to actually take the difference and invest it .
Your returns by investing on your own will almost always be better .
Where To Get A Term Life Insurance Quote
One of the keys to finding a good term life insurance policy is to shop around and get quotes from a variety of different places .
That way you can make sure you ’re getting the best possible policy for the best possible price .
I got recommendations on good places to find a policy from my online friends – asking where they shopped for their policy .
Because of their advice , and because of other things I ’ve found while searching for information online , I ’ve gotten quotes on 20 and 30 year term life insurance policies through a variety of different sites and services .
Here are a few of the better places to check for a policy :
Check with your employer :
Often you can get group discounted rates through your employer .
They may even already offer you a small policy for free .
Check with your HR department .
: Often you can get group discounted rates through your employer .
They may even already offer you a small policy for free .
Check with your HR department .
Zander Insurance : This is the insurance aggregator recommended by Dave Ramsey .
I actually found some of the best rates here as well .
Accuquote.com
Insureme.com
NetQuote.com
Selectquote.com
VOYA Life
Those are just a few of the aggregators that I found .
You can also go directly through an insurance agent , or the company itself to get a quote as well .
Tips For Having A Successful Life Insurance Medical Exam
After you ’ve gotten your quotes , and have decided on a particular company , you ’re most likely going to have to undergo a medical exam before the policy is issued .
The results of that examination will determine not only if you ’re insurable – but also what rate category you ’ll fit into .
This is one of the things I ’m worried about because I ’m currently a bit overweight .
I do n’t want to wait however , to get into better shape to get a policy .
Live and learn .
I was searching for tips on what to expect from the exam ( because I have n’t finalized which company and policy I ’m going to go with ) , and I found a great article giving tips on how to ace your physical examination from Goodfinancialcents.com :
1. Limit salt and high cholesterol foods 24 hours prior to the exam
2. Refrain from drinking alcoholic beverages for at least 24 hours prior to the exam
3. Limit caffeine and nicotine 24 hours prior to the exam
4. Smokers :
Do not smoke 30 minutes prior to the exam
5 . Fast for 4 - 8 hours prior to the exam and try to schedule the exam for first thing in the morning
6 . Drink a glass of water one hour prior to the exam
7 . Get at least 8 hours of sleep the night before the exam
8. Limit strenuous physical activities 24 hours prior to the exam
9 . Be prepared to provide names and dosages of current medications and a photo ID
10 .
Have names , addresses and phone numbers of any doctors or clinics visited in the last 5 years
Wow , that ’s a lot of stuff to remember .
I ’ll have to remember all that when I get to the exam !
How Much Insurance Do I Need ?
After you ’ve decided on a policy and passed your medical exam with flying colors , you ’ll need to decide how much insurance you want to buy .
So how do you determine how much insurance you need ?
I ’ve heard a wide range of numbers thrown about as to how much insurance you should buy .
Dave Ramsey in his Financial Peace University class says you should have 8 - 10 times your annual salary :
As a general rule of thumb , you should have 8 – 10 times your income in guaranteed renewable term life insurance .
Life insurance is designed to replace you , financially speaking , if something happens to you .
Let ’s say that you earn $ 50,000 / year , and you have $ 500,000 in term life .
If you pass away , your spouse should take the money and invest it in a solid mutual fund .
If your spouse simply pulled 10 % interest out each year , he or she would receive $ 50,000 , without ever touching the principle .
Your income would be replaced .
Others suggest that you should have even more , close to 17 - 20 times your annual salary .
I ’m on the more conservative side of things , and want to make sure my wife is taken care of , so I ’ll probably be in the 10 - 15 times my annual salary range .
Pay For Your Policy Monthly , Quarterly Or Yearly
Once you purchased your policy you ’ll have the option of paying for it in monthly , quarterly or yearly .
The prices will vary depending on which way you pay – with the yearly option saving you the most money .
The only thing I ’ve heard against paying yearly or quarterly – is that you should n’t pay for insurance up front in case something does happen during the year .
That way you ’re not paying more premiums than you need to .
It really comes down to which you prefer .
Paying a little less by paying yearly , or paying a little more and insuring against paying too much in case of your death .
Either way , you want to make sure that your life insurance policy never lapses , so you want to make sure that you set up the payment to be sent automatically .
Nothing could be worse than having someone die , and finding out the policy has lapsed because the premiums have n’t been paid .
Conclusion – Term Life And Invest The Rest
I ’m not quite done with the process of finding term life insurance , but I soon will be entering the final phase .
I plan on purchasing 20 year term policy with a value of 12 - 13 times my annual salary .
How much I get will also depend on how my examination goes , and the resulting rate changes .
We shall see – I ’ll post another update once I ’ve found and purchased my policy .
Do you have a life insurance policy ?
What kind ?
How much insurance are you carrying ?
If you do n’t have insurance , why not ?
Do you plan on getting insurance in the future ?
Tell us your thoughts in the comments !
ROME ( Reuters ) - Italy said dozens of members of Iran ’s hardline religious Basij militia had tried to attack its embassy in Tehran on Tuesday , but Iranian media described the incident as a student protest and did not mention any violence .
Iranian demonstrators tear down a street sign named " Rome " , during a demonstration outside the Italian embassy in Tehran February 9 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Fars News / Meghdad Madadi
Italian Foreign Minister Franco Frattini told a Senate hearing : “ About a hundred Basij dressed as civilians tried to assault the embassy shouting ‘ Death to Italy ’ and ‘ Death to ( Prime Minister ) Berlusconi ’ . ”
He later told reporters the attackers were “ certainly or most probably Basij . ”
“ We did not recognize them , but because of the type of demonstration and the slogans chanted it looked a bit suspect . ”
He said the attackers had hurled stones at the embassy but caused no serious damage .
Iranian police had intervened to “ stop a full - blown assault . ”
Iran ’s IRNA news agency said university students had protested outside the French and Italian embassies , condemning both countries ’ “ interference in Iran ’s domestic affairs . ”
The report made no mention of any violence .
Television footage showed people throwing stones and eggs at the embassies .
“ This type of demonstration is orchestrated by the regime , ” the Italian ambassador in Tehran , Alberto Bradanini , told Repubblica TV , describing the incident as a protest rather than an attack .
Italy has traditionally been one of Iran ’s main trading partners in Europe but Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi ’s close ties with Israel , and diplomatic pressure over the nuclear dispute , have led to a sharp drop in Italian investments .
On a trip to Israel last week , Berlusconi said his government would block new investments in Iran ’s oil and gas sector , where Italy ’s ENI is active .
Iranian media later condemned Berlusconi as “ a slave of Israel . ”
Frattini said Italy ’s ambassador had been summoned by Iranian authorities last Sunday in protest at Berlusconi ’s comments .
“ We simply replied to the Iranian government that the whole of Italy shares the words of our prime minister and that Israel ’s right to a guaranteed and safe existence is unquestionable , ” Frattini said , adding the ambassador would not attend the celebrations on Thursday marking the 1979 Islamic Revolution .
Hardline students often hold demonstrations in front of Western embassies in Tehran .
Video :
Bee headbutt
Bee careful ( Image : James Nieh )
HONEYBEES headbutt their hive mates to warn them of danger at a food source .
Bees perform this strange ritual when they encounter aggressive rival bees , for example , or predatory spiders hanging out at favoured foraging spots .
When they return to the hive , they headbutt hive mates performing the famous “ waggle dance ” that directs would - be foragers to rich sources of nectar .
By halting their hive mates mid-dance , the scouting bees save them from perilous excursions .
James Nieh of the University of California at San Diego and colleagues interrupted honeybees at a feeding …
Why love birds ' dance ' to the Sun
By Victoria Gill
Science reporter , BBC News
Male great bustards show their white tail feathers in mating displays
Male great bustards have developed a trick to make their elaborate mating displays even more alluring to females , a study suggests .
The large birds lift and point their bottoms towards the Sun , say scientists , making their bright white tail feathers more conspicuous .
The behaviour makes them more visible to females , say the scientists .
The Behavioral Ecology and Sociobiology study suggests the birds actively use the Sun in their displays .
Pedro Olea , a scientist from the IE University School of Biology in Santa Cruz , Spain , led the study .
He and his colleagues observed the birds on mating grounds called leks .
" We recorded the orientation of more than 400 male displays in relation to the [ position of the ] Sun , and to females , at several leks in the plains of north western Spain , " he explained .
At these sites , up to 200 males gathered to perform their courtship displays - lifting their tails and rotating their wings in order to display their white body feathers .
The researchers found that the male birds tended to direct their tail feathers towards the Sun , especially in the morning .
" The displays were more directed towards the Sun when it was most visible , " the researchers wrote in their article .
Dr Tommaso Pizzari , an ornithologist from Oxford University , who was not involved in this study , said the findings were " very interesting " .
The males orientate their displays to the Sun , especially in the mornings
" They raises the interesting possibility that the male birds use the Sun to their advantage - that they have learned to use variation in the environment , " he told BBC News .
He added that it was important to study these reproductive displays , which represented " one of the biggest puzzles in evolutionary theory " .
" These displays are costly for the males - they make them more conspicuous to predators and they have to keep their ornamental ( feathers ) in good nick , " he said .
" But , especially when males display together , and females go to the leks to window shop , they 're a huge advantage .
" That 's why we think these puzzling traits evolved and are specific to males . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The first thing to know about the upcoming content for Dragon Age : Origins is that it is a full - blown expansion for the game .
This is n't some extra dungeon , or merely a new set of armor , but a significant chunk of content that promises to justify its $ 39.99 price tag .
The expansion picks up after the final events of Origins , in which your character defeated the Archdemon and stopped the Darkspawn from overrunning the world in a full - blown Blight .
For reasons that I 'm sure will become clearer throughout Awakening , the Darkspawn are still hanging around , causing all sorts of trouble for the Grey Wardens , the ordained destroyers of all things dark and spawning .
So , a mere few months after the events of the first game , you are charged with rebuilding the Grey Wardens and further investigating these troubling developments .
More Dragon Age ?
I 'll drink to that ... what 's in this ?
Meet the part of the game I finally died on during our demo .
Make sure you play nicely with The Children .
The Darkspawn have come a long way since your last encounter .
Since we 're talking about a Bioware game , I do n't feel too guilty in revealing that events may have occurred , and choices may have been made , that would make things difficult for your character to make a triumphant return to action in this expansion .
Well , forget all that !
If you have an indisposed character at the end of Dragon Age : Origins , you 'll be able to bring him or her into Awakening via a bit of historical rewriting .
Upon importing your character , you may find previous events did not occur the same way you remember , and certain choices have been made for you .
This seems like an understandable concession , considering the circumstances , but retconning my previous choices definitely stings a bit .
If you 'd like to let your choices stand , you will be given the option to start a new character .
You 'll take on the role of an Orlesian Grey Warden , who has come to Ferelden ( aka Blight Central ) to oversee the rebuilding of the Wardens .
For those Dragon
Age historians out there , you 'll remember that not too long ago , Orlais was an occupying force in Ferelden , and the locals are none too happy about welcoming former invaders back onto Ferelden soil .
This will , obviously , cause some interesting interactions as you make your way through a land that , for all intents and purposes , wants nothing to do with you .
The same writing team from Dragon Age : Origins is back , so you can expect more sharp dialogue and characters that go beyond the typical fantasy archetypes .
Though many of your party members from the original game wo n't be joining you on this adventure , Bioware has promised to flesh out Awakening with characters just as dynamic .
I briefly got to see Velanna , the Dalish mage with a huge chip on her shoulder about that whole " humans enslaving my Eleven brethen " thing .
There was also Anders , who initially seemed like the apostate mage version of an even snarkier Alistair .
Finally , I was joined by Sigrun , a female Dwarf rogue who is a member of the Legion of the Dead .
I 'm excited to see more being done with The Legion of the Dead , as they are an interesting part of the Dragon Age fiction , but only briefly touched upon in Origins .
The Wardens wo n't be the only ones gathering new forces in Awakening , though .
Something is definitely amiss in Darkspawn HQ , with some freakish new creatures lurking in the depths beyond the Dwarven city of Orzammar .
In the brief time I had with the game , I encountered The Children milling about in the Deep Roads .
These things are foul .
Do you remember how nasty the Broodmother was in Origins ?
Consider her a beauty queen when imaging the grotesque nature of The Children .
They appear to evolve in stages , and I mostly encountered forms akin to slimy grubs , but with faces .
Nobody wants to see that , especially when they are overpowering you and eating your head .
A bit less creepy , but equally intriguing , are the sentient Darkspawn .
The last thing the world needs are Darkspawn questioning their own existence , especially when the answers to those questions usually involve more efficient ways to kill you .
If you 've kept up with some of the Dragon Age fiction in the books , you 'll already be familiar with the Architect , the thinking man 's Darkspawn , and he 'll definitely be playing a role in Awakening , though what that role is remains to be discovered .
With the world descending back into chaos , it 's a good thing Bioware has raised the level cap and given you a host of new abilities and talents to use in your fight .
Each class appears to have gained two new specializations , which will add plenty of new abilities ready to eat up those hard - earned talent points .
In fact , I 'm told there will be 50 new abilities across all the classes , and from what I saw it looked like that roughly translated into one new row per block of abilities .
Of course , you 'll also get plenty of new loot .
I saw some snazzy new armor during the bit I played , which should please the image - conscious adventurer in all of us .
Along with looking sharp , you 'll be able to add runes to your armor as well as your weapons this time around .
Did I mention that you 'll be able to manage your runes yourself this time ?
No more heading over to Bodann and his ... touched son for your enchantments .
Enchantments ?
Ugh .
There 's certainly a lot going on in Awakening , and every answer I received opened up two more questions .
Bioware is -- understandably -- keeping a lid on many of the story elements in the game , but the team promises that they have been working long and hard to make sure that this is every bit as engaging as your first visit to the world of Dragon Age .
If you want to make make someone working on Dragon Age sigh , ask them how long it will take to complete their game .
Considering I 've heard playthrough times ranging from 18 - 80 hours for the original game , I understand why .
For its $ 39.99 price tag , there 's an expectation of content that Bioware appears to understand , and I 'm looking forward to diving back into their universe when Awakening is simultaneously released on March 16 across the Xbox 360 , PlayStation 3 , and PC .
The voice acting itself is uneven .
Taken in isolation , the voice performances can sound stilted at times , perhaps because English is not the first language for some of the actors .
But the motion - capture work and facial animations are expressive , detailed and impressively emotive .
The music and sounds , too , are incredibly important in creating the chilling sense of dread and foreboding that is Heavy Rain ’s stock in trade .
Image An F.B.I profiler , left , and Ethan Mars , a father , in Heavy Rain .
Credit ...
Sony Computer Entertainment Sony Computer Entertainment
The overall presentation draws heavily , even reverentially , from the visual and storytelling vernacular of film .
Mr. Cage has clearly gleaned from movies like “ Rear Window , ” “ Eyes Wide Shut ” and “ Blue Velvet ” that a major part of creating intimacy lies in cinematography .
Many third - person games ( where you see your character on screen rather than inhabiting it from a first - person perspective ) are shot from a sort of top - down angle .
That view gives the player a more tactical sense of the environment but often does not create a strong sense of immediacy .
Most of Heavy Rain , by contrast , is portrayed from virtual cameras at ground level , at the same height as the characters or even below them .
As in most films , you can never quite see an entire room at once , and so you are never quite sure in what direction the action will unfold .
And as in films , there are a lot of moving - camera shots from behind in which the player is never quite sure whether the camera is supposed to represent someone skulking or stalking .
There are even moments when the game just lets you rest , as when Ethan sits hunched and morose on the balcony of his seedy motel room , staring off into the rain , conflict and pain drawn all over his body .
In its exploration of the psychology of the sociopath , Heavy Rain owes more than a bit to novelists like Thomas Harris ( “ The Silence of the Lambs ” and “ Hannibal ” ) .
Perhaps the most interesting element of the story is that the emotional weight of Heavy Rain is almost entirely bound up in Ethan ’s sense of responsibility for his sons .
For the player , the game hangs on your concern for children .
Within Heavy Rain ’s considerably bleak landscape , there is even a moving scene in which all you do is change an infant ’s diaper , feed her and put her to bed .
The Compact Muon Solenoid is one of two multi-purpose detectors at the LHC
The Large Hadron Collider ( LHC ) could restart as early as this weekend after more than a year of repairs .
But officials have avoided giving an exact date for sending beams of protons around the 27 km ( 17 mile ) circular tunnel which houses the collider .
The LHC was first switched on in 2008 , but had to be shut down when a faulty electrical connection caused one tonne of helium to leak into the tunnel .
The vast machine is located 100 m below the French - Swiss border .
Operated by the European Organization for Nuclear Research ( Cern ) , the LHC will recreate the conditions just after the Big Bang .
Two beams of protons will be fired around the tunnel .
These beams will travel in opposite directions around the main " ring " at close to the speed of light .
At allotted points around the tunnel , the proton beams will cross paths , smashing into one another with enormous energy .
Scientists hope to see new particles in the debris of these collisions , revealing fundamental new insights into the nature of the cosmos .
But the first beams to circulate around the collider will be injected at a low energy of about 450 billion electron volts .
For the restart , engineers are determined to take things one step at a time , and officials are not setting hard and fast deadlines .
Once the collider is circulating two beams in opposite directions , engineers will attempt low - intensity collisions .
This will provide scientists with data they can use for calibration purposes .
After this , the beams ' energy will be increased so that the first high - energy collisions can take place .
These will mark the real beginning of the LHC 's research programme .
Dear gays in America : Refocus your efforts to get the government out of marriage .
The gays in America seeking their marriage equality are barking up the wrong tree .
Instead of seeking to make the government completely trash the tradition of marriage in practically every religion on the planet that recognize marriage — and as far as I know the ones that do only recognize it between man and woman — what they should be doing is fighting for the government to get out of the marriage business all together .
The USA was not founded on the premise that the religious get brownie points over the non .
The fact that marriages grant people legal and financial benefits amazes me and is in my opinion a gross violation of the separation of church and state .
How these laws still exist are beyond me .
This is what the gays should be campaigning to get rid of .
If people want to be married in the eyes of their god , so be it .
Go do it in a church , but let ’s not have the government treat you special now .
If gays want a means to scream to the world that they have a partner that they love , then fine , do it before the justice of the peace and let the strength of the love between you both be recognized as on par with that of a marriage done under religious tones in a church .
Simple as that .
But let no legal and financial benefits come from it .
But the people campaigning for marriage equality are very shortsighted on the matter .
They dont realize , or maybe do n’t care that they are asking the government to further infringe upon the separation of church and state and that they really have no right to force churches to rewrite their bibles to their liking , no matter if the writings are true or not , or whether or not you think they ’re silly .
Just because one might think something to be silly does n’t give them authority to mold it to their will .
I myself am an agnostic and I think religion is ridiculous , but alas , it ’s real and however cult - ish it may be , millions of people believe it and therefore we have to live with it .
How would you like it if a religious group was pushing to implement a law into society based on its traditions ?
I ’m sure you would n’t like it .
But if you want to force churches to re-write their bibles to accommodate you , then you by all rights should be open to churches looking to re-write the laws of the land to accommodate them , and I ’ll bet a lot of money none of you are willing to let that happen .
To the gays of America : Refocus your efforts .
Realize what you ’re tryng to accomplish is really wrong and selfish in regards to trying to change hundreds of years old religious texts .
Despite your ego , you ’re not important enough to have bibles re-written to your liking .
Also realize that what the government does is very wrong and selfish too when it comes to how it handles marriages , and work to make people realize this and work to change it .
Then you will have true equality .
Sony has released the God of War III demo on the European Playstation Network , so what are you waiting , start up your Playstation – Sign up for a European PSN Account , if you already do n’t have one , and download the demo .
In case you missed the latest God of War III : Vengeance Trailer , check it out below
God of War III , forthcoming installment in the God of War series , takes place right after the events of God of War II , with Kratos upon Gaia ’s back eager to exact vengeance on the gods who have betrayed him and make them “ suffer ” .
The game will be released exclusively for playstation 3 on March 13 , 2010 .
gift
People like you give what you can to your favorite projects ; you feel great when you get updates about how your money is put to work by trusted organizations .
This site is offered under Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License .
It 's okay to republish anything as long as original attribution bio is included and all links remain intact .
Estamos en ...
We are in ...
Apoyamos ...
We support ...
Español - English - Italiano Fair Use Notice
This site contains copyrighted material encountered in the Internet , the use of which has not always been specifically authorized by the copyright owner .
We are making such material available in an effort to advance understanding of environmental , political , human rights , economy , democracy , scientific and social justice issues , etc ...
We believe this constitutes a " fair use " of any such copyrighted material as provided for in Section 107 of the US Copyright Law .
In accordance with Title 17 U.S.C.
Section 107 , the material on this Site is distributed without profit to those who have expressed a prior interest in receiving the included information for research and educational purposes .
For more information please visit : https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/17/107
Aviso de Uso Equitativo Este Sitio contiene material con derechos de autor encontrada en la Internet , el uso del cual no siempre ha sido específicamente autorizado por el propietario de los derechos de autor .
Estamos haciendo este material disponible , en un esfuerzo por adelantar el entendimiento de temas como medio ambiente , política , derechos humanos , economía , democracia , ciencia y justicia social , etc ....
Creemos que esto constituye un " uso equitativo " de cualquier material con derechos de autor , como previsto en la Sección 107 de la Ley de Derechos de Autor de los Estados Unidos de America .
En conformidad con el Title 17 U.S.C.
Section 107 , el material en este Sitio es distribuido gratuitamente a aquellos que han expresado un interés preferente en recibir la información incluida para finalidades de investigación y educación .
Para mayor información visite : https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/17/107
Avviso per un uso corretto
Questo Sito contiene materiale soggetto a diritti d'autore trovato in Internet il cui uso non è sempre stato autorizzato dal proprietario dei diritti d'autore .
Stiamo rendendo disponibile questo materiale nel tentativo di fare progressi nella comprensione di temi quali l'ambiente , la politica , i diritti umani , l'economia , la democrazia , la scienza e la giustizia sociale , etc … .
Crediamo che questo costituisca un " uso equanime " di qualsiasi materiale con diritto d'autore come previsto dalla Comma 107 della legge sui Diritti Umani degli Stati Uniti d'America .
I conformità con il paragrafo 17 U.S.C. , Comma 107 , il materiale di questo Sito è distribuito gratuitamente a coloro che hanno espresso un interesse nel ricevere l'informazione acclusa con il fine della ricerca e dell 'educazione .
Per maggiori informazioni visitate il sito : https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/17/107
ESPAÑOL Este Sitio desea emular a una Biblioteca Virtual , incorporando información encontrada en la Internet , inherente a informes , noticias , tratados , estudios , teorías y eventuales conclusiones realizadas por un sinnúmero de personas y personajes ( catedráticos , profesores , científicos , investigadores , religiosos , políticos , filósofos , miembros de Inteligencia , etc. ) , que se están dedicando desde hace algunos decenios a informar al publico en general ( y últimamente a través de la Internet ) de " Nueva Información " y de una Nueva manera de ver e interpretar la Historia , la Ciencia , la Sociopolítica , los Mitos y Leyendas , la Arqueología , la Astronomía , etc. También , de dar mayor Luz a la información mística y " religiosa " que hemos recibido a través un sistema educativo dogmático , poco claro muchas veces , y deformado y manipulado las otras .
De tener la oportunidad de informarnos sobre nuevos capítulos del actual conocimiento como son la Exopolítica , Neo-Arqueología , Paraciencia , Medicina " Alternativa " , Vida en Nuestro Universo y muchos mas ...
Todo lo contenido en este Sitio ha sido obtenido en la Internet .
Los artículos en este Sitio están en Español ( 35 % aprox . ) e Ingles ( 65 % aprox . ) .
Nada de lo aquí expuesto ha sido producido por nosotros .
Nuestro rol es la de simples archivistas .
No promovemos ninguna " línea " en particular , ni movimiento , doctrina , enseñanza o pensamiento político .
Somos como todos Ustedes , unos Buscadores de la Verdad ...
Nada mas , nada menos .
Les sugerimos empezar por la Sección " Novedades Semanales " en el Menú superior .
En esa Sección siempre incorporamos semanalmente , alrededor de 35 artículos de diferente temática inherente a la Búsqueda ...
La definición de nuestra función está dada en ' Finalidad de este Sitio ' .
Para varios artículos de los mas de 20.000 ( y en aumento permanente ) almacenados en este Sitio , ir a " Índice Por Áreas " en el Menú Superior .
ENGLISH
This site wants to emulate a Virtual Library , including information found on the Internet in connection with reports , news , treatises , studies , theories and findings made possible by a multitude of people and personalities ( professors , teachers , scientists , researchers , experts in religion , politicians , philosophers , members of intelligence , etc. ) , who have been devoted for decades to informing the general public ( most recently through the Internet ) of " new information " and a new way of seeing and interpreting History , Sciences , Sociopolitics , Myths and Legends , Archeology , Astronomy , etc .
These explorations bring more light to mystical and " religious " information than we have received through a dogmatic system of education , often unclear , distorted and manipulated .
Here , we have the opportunity to report on new chapters beyond current knowledge , such as Exopolitics , Neo-Archeology , Parascience , " Alternative " Medicine , Life in Our Universe and much more ...
Everything on this Site has been obtained on the Internet .
The articles in this site are in Spanish ( 35 % approx . ) and English ( 65 % approx . ) .
Nothing herein has been produced by us .
Our role is one as simple archivists .
We do not promote neither any " line " in particular , nor any movement , doctrine , education or political thought .
We are like all of you , Truth Seekers ...
Nothing more , nothing less .
We suggest you start with the section " Weekly News " on the top menu .
In that section , we always add 35 or so articles weekly on different themes inherent to the Quest ...
To look into various articles of the more than 20.000 ( and rising ) stored on this Site , go to " Index by Areas " on the top menu .
ITALIANO Questo sito desidera emulare una Biblioteca Virtuale incorporando informazioni trovate in Internet relative a resoconti , notizie trattati , studi , teorie ed eventuali conclusioni realizzate da un innumerevole gruppo di persone e personaggi ( cattedratici , professori , scienziati , ricercatori , religiosi , politici , filosofi , membri dell '
Intelligence , etc. ) che da alcuni decenni si tanno dedicando ad informare il pubblico in generale ( ed ultimamente attraverso Internet ) con la " Nuova Informazione " ed in una Nuova maniera di vedere ed interpretare la Storia , la Scienza , la Sociopolitica , i Miti e le Leggende , l'Archeologia , l'Astronomia , etc .
Si dedicano anche , a gettare una Luce più effettiva sulla formazione mistica e " religiosa " che abbiamo ricevuto con un sistema dogmatico , molte volte poco chiaro , e per il resto deformato e manipolato .
Essi hanno l'opportunità di informarci sui nuovi capitoli della odierna conoscenza quali la Exopolitica , la Nuova Archeologia , la Parascienza , la Medicina Alternativa , la Vita nel nostro Universo e molto di più ancora …
Tutto il contenuto di questo sito proviene da Internet .
Gli articoli sono in Spagnolo ( 35 % ) ed in Inglese ( 65 % ) .
Niente di quanto esponiamo è stato scritto da noi .
Il nostro ruolo è quello di archivisti .
Non promuoviamo nessuna " linea " in particolare , movimento , dottrina , insegnamento o pensiero politico .
Siamo come tutti voi , dei Ricercatori della Verità … niente di più , niente di meno .
Vi suggeriamo di iniziare dalla sezione " Novità settimanali " che trovate nel menù superiore .
In quella sezione mettiamo settimanalmente circa 35 articoli dalle tematiche diverse inerenti la Ricerca …
La definizione della nostra funzione la trovate in " Finalità di Questo Sito " .
Per vedere gli oltre 20.000 articoli ( in aumento costante ) immessi in questo sito , andate a " Indice per Aree " nel menù superiore .
Subir - Up
In an interesting display of chutzpah from a television pundit , Republican strategist Nancy Pfotenhauer claimed on CNN that she understood perfectly the president 's health care proposals , then proceeded to distort them .
" You 've got an extremely talented man here who 's a great orator , " she said after President Barack Obama 's State of the Union address .
" I do n't think anybody could challenge that .
But if there 's a sin , it 's hubris , and at one point , when he was talking about health care , he literally said , you know , hey , you 're not with me , but that 's okay .
I understand .
I just did n't speak clearly enough to you .
Like if I slow down and talk in smaller words , maybe you 'll get it . "
" And so the response is , no , no , you explained it , I heard it and I disagreed with you , " she added .
" You 're talking about a proposal that increases taxes by half a trillion dollars , that cuts Medicare by half a trillion dollars , that causes most Americans to have their premiums increased , not decreased , and hundreds of millions of people to lose their current insurance coverage .
This is not something that 's good . "
( That did n't get challenged by host Larry King , who then went to a commercial . )
Pfotenhauer boiled down some complicated issues we 've been reporting on for quite a while into a zinger of a soundbite .
A bit of what she said was true , but most of this is a significant distortion of Obama 's reforms .
Here , we 're going to rule on the most dramatic part of her claim , that the plans cause " most Americans to have their premiums increased , not decreased , and hundreds of millions of people lose their current insurance coverage . "
We contacted Pfotenhauer , who served as an adviser to Sen .
John McCain 's presidential campaign , and asked what the basis of her claims were .
But we did n't hear back .
We 've written before about the Democratic proposals to increase taxes to pay for expanded health care coverage .
The House bill increases income taxes on the wealthy , and the Senate bill has an excise tax for high - cost health care plans , or " Cadillac " plans .
Add up those taxes , plus other revenue provisions in the form of fees , and those revenues do approach $ 500 billion over 10 years .
On Medicare spending , both bills seek to curb spending on Medicare by trimming excess payments to private insurers under the Medicare Advantage program , as well as other freezes on payments intended to reduce waste .
( Check out this comparison on the details on Medicare created by the independent Kaiser Family Foundation .
You 'll find details on Medicare changes on Page 14 . )
Those provisions too approach $ 500 billion over 10 years .
But the measure also includes more funding for Medicare 's prescription drug plan .
Then Pfotenhauer said most Americans would " have their premiums increased , not decreased , " and that " hundreds of millions of people lose their current insurance coverage . "
On Nov. 30 , 2009 , the Congressional Budget Office , or CBO , released a detailed analysis on how health insurance premiums might be affected by the Senate Democrats ' health care bill .
The CBO is an independent agency whose estimates for pending legislation are considered nonpartisan and rigorous .
The CBO reported that , for most people , premiums would stay about the same , or slightly decrease .
This was especially true for people who get their insurance through work .
( Health policy wonks call these the large group and small group markets . )
People who have to go out and buy insurance on their own ( the individual market ) would see rates increase by 10 to 13 percent .
But more than half of those people -- 57 percent , in fact -- would be eligible for subsidies to help them pay for the insurance .
People who get subsidies would see their premiums drop by more than half , according to the CBO .
So most people would see their premiums stay the same or potentially drop .
As for " hundreds of millions of people " losing their coverage , there is little evidence to support this .
Republicans have been making the claim based on a study by the Lewin Group , which stated that 123 million people would choose a public option for health insurance if it were cheaper than their current coverage .
( The Lewin Group is respected by many health care analysts and operates with editorial independence , but it is a subsidiary of UnitedHealth Group , whose primary business is private health insurance . )
There were other problems with how Republicans have used the Lewin study to claim that people would be pushed out of their coverage , and you can read more about those problems in another item we reported back in October .
But it 's not necessary to go into those details because the Senate has since rejected a public option .
So it 's not clear where Pfotenhauer is getting her numbers now .
Certainly there will be some churn among plans , just as there is now , when companies change insurance plans .
( For this reason , we gave Obama a Half True for saying that people could keep their current coverage .
Under the plan , employers would still be able to choose new plans . )
But the CBO has found that the numbers of uninsured will be lower under the Democratic plans .
The Senate Democrats plan would increase the percentage of the insured from 83 percent to 94 percent .
So we do n't see how millions of people would lose their current coverage .
It 's true that there is a lot of confusion among the public about the health care proposals .
The independent Kaiser Family Foundation recently conducted a poll and found that " even after a year of substantial media coverage of the health reform debate , many Americans remain unfamiliar with key elements of the major bills passed by the House and Senate . "
The poll also found tremendous differences based on political affiliations : Democrats supported the proposals , Republicans opposed them , and independents were roughly split .
In Pfotenhauer 's appearance on CNN , though , she said she understood the proposals but disagreed with them .
Then she said -- and this was not phrased as an opinion -- that the plans will cause " most Americans to have their premiums increased , not decreased , and hundreds of millions of people to lose their current insurance coverage . "
There 's not an independent , nonpartisan analysis out there on the current Democratic proposals that shows that .
These are Republican talking points that have repeatedly been proven false , but they keep coming back .
Pfotenhauer 's statement is not just false , it 's ridiculously so .
Pants on Fire !
THREE Muslim women who were the first in Malaysia to be caned for having sex outside marriage this morning claimed the punishment was an opportunity for them to repent .
Prison authorities caned the women last week after an Islamic Shariah court issued the penalty .
The caning has outraged rights groups and revived speculation that conservative Islamists , who advocate harsh punishment , are gaining influence in the country .
The three women , aged 17 - 25 , said they turned themselves in after feeling guilty for sleeping with their boyfriends before marriage and getting pregnant .
The 17 - year - old told reporters that she surrendered to Islamic authorities after her prematurely born child died .
She is now serving a six - month prison sentence .
' I know I have sinned , and I have to be punished .
Strangely however , I felt that the caning was not a form of punishment but was an opportunity for me to repent and return to the right path , ' she said .
She has already married her boyfriend , who has also been caned and jailed over the offence .
The other women , who have one young child each , are planning to marry their partners after they are released .
The men were also caned for having sex .
One woman , aged 25 , said she was scared before the caning but knew she deserved the punishment .
All three women called on others not to make the same mistake and abstain from sex before marriage .
Originally published as Sex before marriage : We ' deserve ' cane
Cybersecurity is a growing concern for most governments .
While the United States probably has tighter defenses than China , for example , experts say it relies more heavily on computers to run its infrastructure and so is more vulnerable to an attack .
But for China , worries about how foreign forces might employ the Internet and other communications advances to unseat the Communist Party are a salient factor in the government ’s 15 - year effort to control those technologies .
Chinese leaders are constantly trying to balance the economic and social benefits of online freedoms and open communications against the desire to preserve social stability and prevent organized political opposition .
A distinct shift in favor of more comprehensive controls began nearly two years ago and hardened over the past six months , analysts say .
New policies are intended to replace foreign hardware and software with homegrown systems that can be more easily controlled and protected .
Officials are also expanding the reach and resources of state - controlled media outlets so they dominate Chinese cyberspace with their blogs , videos and news .
At the same time , the government is beefing up its security apparatus .
Officials have justified stronger measures by citing various internal threats that they say escalated online .
Among them : the March 2008 riots in the Tibetan capital , Lhasa ; reported attempts to disrupt the August 2008 Olympic Games and the amassing of more than 10,000 signatures supporting a petition for human rights and democratic freedoms , an example of how democracy advocates could organize online .
Especially alarming to officials , analysts say , was the role of the Internet in ethnic riots last July that left nearly 200 people dead and more than 1,700 injured  the worst ethnic violence in recent Chinese history .
Government reports asserted that terrorists , separatists and religious extremists from within and outside the country used the Internet to recruit Uighur youth to travel to Urumqi , the capital of western China ’s Xinjiang region , to attack ethnic Han citizens .
Image An Internet cafe in Beijing .
Credit ... Shiho Fukada for The New York Times
In August , security and propaganda officials briefed China ’s ruling Politburo on their view of how the Xinjiang riots developed , according to one media executive with high - level government ties .
The executive spoke on the condition of anonymity for fear of retribution for discussing delicate political topics .
Greek Disease
The first time I tried to apply for my Greek residence permit , there was no one there to take my application .
To the bemusement of the lawyer who accompanied me , the office was shut in honor of — no joke — the patron saint of lawyers .
When I did finally manage to submit my paperwork , the clerk merely shrugged when I asked how long it would take .
" A year , " she said , " maybe two . "
As the spouse of an EU citizen , getting my permit should have been a formality .
But legal arguments , my lawyer advised , would get me nowhere .
Instead , a call to the government office that deals with foreign journalists got me my residence interview scheduled in record time — delayed only by an inconvenient , month - long Christmas strike .
( Though to be fair , the six chain - smoking , frappé - drinking officials who attended the interview to rubber - stamp my application were reasonably friendly . )
This is the image of the Greek civil service that ’s making the rounds in Europe these days : a group of lazy , corrupt , and inefficient officials who may or may not show up for work before retiring on cushy pensions .
As Europe grapples with the fallout from Greece ’s excessive state debt , frugal Germans are balking at the idea that they should bankroll their tax - dodging , early - retiring Mediterranean partners .
Of course , there is some truth to this narrative .
Generations of Greek governments have padded the civil service with their supporters and in the process created a flabby monster of a state that in 2008 ate up 48 percent of Greece ’s GDP .
No wonder pressure is mounting in Brussels and Berlin for deeper budget cuts before Europe will come to Greece ’s rescue .
There ’s a tendency at the moment to blame Greece ’s current financial woes on a failure of the Greek character , as if it could be explained by stereotypes of Mediterranean laziness .
But while it ’s true few civil servants put in what a German taxpayer would consider a full day ’s work , the dirty secret is that the system assumes they do n’t .
Few families can survive on a civil servant ’s salary , so nearly everyone works a second job or engages in petty corruption .
Many public employees work on temporary contracts with few benefits , and since tax evasion among the self - employed is rife , workers bear the brunt of the country ’s tax burden .
As an old Soviet joke making the rounds here puts it , " We pretend to pay them , and they pretend to work . "
Teachers teach after - school classes at private frontistiria .
State doctors expect fakelakia , literally " little envelopes , " or see their state patients in their private offices after hours .
According to a study done last year by the local Transparency International office , the going rate for fakelakia for an operation was 870 euros , or about $ 1,180 .
Take Marianna , a 32 - year - old waitress in Athens ’s bohemian student district Excharia , also famous as the home territory of Greece ’s small but ferocious far - left anarchist and anti-authoritarian movements .
The neighborhood catapulted to international attention in December 2008 after the fatal police shooting there of a 15 - year - old boy set off weeks of rioting and violent clashes between police and protesters .
Marianna has a degree in art restoration and worked for a while for the Ministry of Culture .
But the pay was so low and irregular that to survive , she had to take extra work in a café — where she was usually paid under the table .
" I worked for the ministry , I was usually employed on three - month contracts , but I only got paid six months later , " she said .
" If I wanted to get a new contract , I had to be nice to the right person , give them favors . "
Eventually , she gave up .
She makes more money working full - time waiting tables .
The rot is built into the system — and that ’s one reason it ’s so difficult to change .
Greece ’s bloated , inefficient state sector strangles the economy with a bureaucracy that makes doing business legally nearly impossible .
It allows corruption to flourish .
" Greeks do n’t understand the simple truth that they ’re paying for everything two times , " says Stravros Katsios , who teaches economic crime and governance issues at Ionian University .
" They are paying two times for their education system , they are paying two times for their health system and two times for their public sector : the first time through taxes and the second time through corruption . "
As Greece emerged from the poverty and political instability that dominated the first two - thirds of the 20th century , Greek families poured their resources into educating their children .
Degrees were supposed to be the ticket to a better life in a new European Greece , but many young people despair at finding decently paid , steady work that will enable them to have a family and independence .
Well into their 30s , many still live with or are supported by their parents .
Greeks are n’t under any illusions about their state or society .
They know their schools are terrible , their hospitals are crumbling , and their economy is far from competitive .
That ’s one reason many Greeks are taking all this talk of austerity measures in stride .
Polls consistently show that a wide majority of Greeks support Socialist Prime Minister George Papandreou ’s proposed fixes .
Many are cautiously hoping that the crisis might actually force real reform .
" Every Greek knows what ’s happening , " says Vangelis Agapitos , an independent economist .
" People know the situation is bad so they ’re willing to do their part . "
But , he said , they want to their sacrifices are n’t just going to line the pockets of politicians : " However , they ’re saying , do n’t try to fool us . "
Before his election , Greeks were skeptical of the American - born , bicycle - riding Papandreou , whose father and grandfather were both prime ministers .
But he ’s won some grudging respect with his willingness to stand up to the unions and other traditional allies on the left , as well as with his appointment of a largely non-ideological , technocratic cabinet .
There have been the inevitable strikes and protests against higher taxes and civil sector pay cuts —
Greece is still Greece — but so far they ’ve seemed half - hearted .
Despite the militant bellows of " We will not compromise ! " shouted by union officials over bullhorns , the first major protest called by Greece ’s main civil servants union , held on a rainy Feb. 10 , was a mellow affair that drew only a few thousand people .
This week , farmers finally called off their month - long blockades of major roads and the Greek border with Bulgaria , sheepishly acknowledging the government had no money to give them .
And on Feb. 17 , tax officials called off a planned 24 - hour strike .
Papandreou ’s government is under enormous pressure to simply cut deeper , especially when it comes to the civil service .
He ’s countered that any long - term solution requires tackling the roots of Greece ’s problems — combating corruption and nepotism , eliminating waste , and rebuilding trust in the government to encourage a culture of tax and regulatory compliance .
But fixing Greece will be no easy task , and the government is walking a fine line , trying to slash deeply enough to assuage market and European fears without deepening the recession or sparking more serious public resistance .
If Greeks really decide to riot , it wo n’t be civil servants marching under umbrellas .
It will be masked anarchists smashing shop windows , torching banks , and bombing government offices .
For now , Greeks are hunkering down .
The global recession is now hitting hard : Thousands of shops have closed , and caf
és and restaurants are half - empty .
The austerity measures will no doubt deepen the pain .
But Greeks have been through bad times before and they seem willing to wait this one out , at least as long as they think better days lie ahead .
" We know it will be difficult , " said Anna , a nurse .
" But I ’m worried for my children .
Will they have a future ? "
Artist Alicia Traveria made these awesome Futurama brain slug - themed cupcakes for a birthday celebration .
Cherry buttercream brains ... delicious .
[ via Craftzine ]
Related
Photo of the Day : Ghost Cupcakes
Photo of the Day : Pac - Man Wedding Cake
Photo of the Day : Thanksgiving on a Cupcake
Photo of the Day : Domokun Cupcakes
All products linked here have been independently selected by our editors .
We may earn a commission on purchases , as described in our affiliate policy .
The California state Assembly today will consider a bill to ban smoking at all state parks , including beaches , the Associated Press reports .
The proposed bill , which has already passed the state Senate , is aimed not only at eliminating second - hand smoke , but also to deal with unsightly cigarettes butts on beaches and to reduce the threat of wildfires .
The AP says the ban would be the most far - reaching in the country since it would apply to all parks in the state system , not just beaches .
The author of the legislation agreed to exempt campsites and parking areas after state park officials say that would be difficult to enforce .
Similar smoking bans are being considered in Hawaii , New Hampshire , New Jersey and New York , according to the American Cancer Society .
( Posted by Doug Stanglin )
Following this week 's ricotta - fest , I found myself with a few quarts of the stuff left over .
There 's only so much queso fresco , paneer , or ricotta salata one can make and consume , so I decided to get rid of the excess in what is probably the least efficient ( and most delicious ) way possible : a traditional Lasagna Bolognese .
Ok , ok .
Not exactly traditional , since the most authentic lasagna Bolognese contains nothing but ragù Bolognese , Parmigiano - Reggiano , and nutmeg - scented besciamella ( Italian for bechamel , which is French for " white sauce " ) sandwiched between layers of fresh pasta tinted green with spinach .
But ricotta is a common enough addition , and a delicious one to boot .
I 've also sneaked a bit of mozzarella into the besciamella .
( Serve this to your Italian grandmother at your own risk . )
Ragù Bolognese is the king of all meat sauces .
Deep , rich , rib - sticking , soul - satisfying , heart - warming , and yumm - o are all words that have been used to describe it .
( I 'd use five out of six of those descriptors . )
Unlike red sauce joints whose Bolognese is not much more than tomato sauce with ground beef , this ragù is all about the meat .
It 's made with a combination of lamb for flavor ( ground beef works fine ) , pork for fat , and veal for tenderness .
I also like to add a few chicken livers , which are traditionally called for in Ragù Bolognese intended for special occasions .
Frankly , if I 'm putting in the time to make a lasagna , whatever occasion it is had best done make itself special .
If you do n't want to go the whole nine yards and make your own ricotta , and if you can't find good store - bought ricotta ( look for stuff with an ingredient list that contains nothing but milk , some kind of acid or starter , and salt .
Avoid any gums or stabilizers ) , I 'd highly suggest using store - bought whole milk cottage cheese in its place .
There 's nothing else too unusual about my recipe , other than the fact that I finish it with a bit of fish sauce in order to up the umami .
Do n't worry , it wo n't taste fishy .
You could get similar results by adding a couple smashed anchovies and a half teaspoon of marmite in with the vegetables in the second step .
Hand - rolled pasta works great , but the no-boil flat noodles are surprisingly good — almost as good as the real deal , particularly because with a 40 minute cooking time , even with fresh pasta , al dente is not the final goal .
The pasta in a good lasagna should be soft , tender , and intensely flavored with the soaked - up liquid from the ragù .
Serve this up with a medium to full - bodied Sangiovese - based wine , like a good Chianti , Rosso di Montepulciano , or Super Tuscan .
Quick tip :
Want to make quick and easy meaty cannelloni instead ?
Simply soak the no-boil noodles in 4 or 5 changes of really hot water until they soften up .
Roll them up around a mixture of ricotta , eggs , and mozzarella , top with sauce and more cheese , bake at 350 until bubbly , and you 're done .
Stephen Hawkings leaves his mark ( Image : NASA / WMAP Science Team )
We saw an intergalactic zoo .
Clockwise from top left : Phoenix , a donkey , a parrot and a deer ( Image : NASA / WMAP Science Team )
Is Stephen Hawking a galactic graffiti artist ?
Hidden away in the cosmic microwave background , the afterglow of the big bang , the initials “ SH ” are clear to view ( see picture , right ) .
We took a closer look and spotted a donkey , a deer and a parrot .
Advertisement
Interactive graphic :
What ’s hidden in the cosmic microwave background ?
NASA ’s Wilkinson Microwave Anisotropy Probe team , who have just released their most detailed map yet of the CMB , used Hawking ’s initials to draw attention to a serious point .
With each new round of WMAP data – the latest is based on seven years of data – apparent anomalies called “ anisotropies ” in the CMB have puzzled physicists .
Such patterns have also been used to justify various exotic theories .
One notorious anomaly is the “ axis of evil “ , an apparent alignment in the hot and cold regions where there should be randomness .
Another is the “ cold spot “ , a particularly large void in the CMB , which some have proposed is evidence of another universe nestling next to our own .
The WMAP team point out that if something as apparently unlikely as Hawking ’s initials can be found in the CMB data , then the chances of finding other apparently improbable patterns may also be quite high .
“ I do think there is a bit of a psychological effect , ” says WMAP ’s chief scientist Charles Bennett .
“ People want to find unusual things . ”
Spot the rabbit
New Scientist wondered what other hidden objects may be lurking in the big bang ’s afterglow , so we need your help .
If you think you can see your initials , the face of Jesus or a unicorn , mark it in this interactive image .
To get the ball rolling , we started stocking a CMB zoo .
Curiously , most of the animals we found are facing the same way .
Clearly , it ’s a zoological cosmic alignment .
Journal reference : arxiv.org/abs/1001.4758
Interactive graphic :
What ’s hidden in the cosmic microwave background ?
I am a mathematician and programmer , working in some intersection or another or these two fields .
Presently , I 'm an OpenAI Fellow ; previously , I 've worked on quantum compilation at Rigetti Computing and on homotopy theory in academia , especially the connections between algebraic topology and algebraic geometry known as " chromatic homotopy theory " .
In addition to " traditional " research , I am very interested in communication within scientific circles .
In particular , I spent a lot of time as an academic coaxing my topologist peers to speak the language of number theory .
My brief tour in academia consisted of a Benjamin Peirce fellowship in the Harvard math department , graduate work at Berkeley under Constantin Teleman , and undergraduate studies in computer science at Urbana - Champaign under Matt Ando and Elsa Gunter .
You might also be interested in my wife 's website , This IsSam .
Also , this URL used to host a group research blog , Chromotopy .
( CNN ) --
It happens only once in a blue moon -- and scientists say a blue moon is exactly what we 'll see in the skies this New Year 's Eve .
Do n't expect an azure glow over our lunar satellite , however .
The term " blue moon " simply refers to the second full moon in a calendar month , something that has n't happened on a New Year 's Eve for nearly 20 years , NASA says .
" December 1990 ended with a blue moon , and many New Year 's Eve parties were themed by the event , " said Professor Philip Hiscock of the department of folklore at Memorial University of Newfoundland , in Canada .
" It was a lot of fun . "
Most months have just one full moon , because the 29.5 - day cycle of the moon matches up pretty well with the length of calendar months .
Occasionally , there will be two full moons in a month , something that happens about every 2 ½ years , NASA says .
But a blue moon on December 31 is rare .
Elvis Presley crooned about it when he sang the old Rodgers and Hart song " Blue Moon , " in which he stood alone without a dream in his heart or a love of his own .
He struck a more hopeful tone in another tune , singing about his love returning to his arms " When My Blue Moon Turns to Gold Again . "
He also covered Bill Monroe 's bluegrass classic , " Blue Moon of Kentucky . "
It is possible for the moon to have a cerulean hue , NASA says , but that 's sometimes caused by fine dirt circulating in the Earth 's atmosphere or the dark blue tone of the sky .
A blue moon has n't always meant the second full moon in a month .
Hundreds of years ago , it simply meant " never " or " absurd , " Hiscock said .
" The phrase ' blue moon ' has been around a long time , well over 400 years , but during that time its meaning has shifted , " he said .
" I have counted six different meanings which have been carried by the term , and at least four of them are still current today .
That makes discussion of the term a little complicated . "
When the Indonesian volcano Krakatoa erupted in 1883 , it put so much dust in the atmosphere that the moon actually appeared blue -- an event so unusual that the term " once in a blue moon " was coined , according to NASA 's National Space Science Data Center .
The effect lasted for almost two years , Hiscock said .
Full moons used to have 12 names , one for each month , such as " harvest moon , " NASA said .
The term " blue moon " referred to the 13th full moon in a year .
The term acquired its current meaning in the 1940s , after the Farmer 's Almanac of Maine offered an astronomical definition of a blue moon " so convoluted that even professional astronomers struggled to understand it , " NASA wrote on its Web site .
A writer at Sky and Telescope magazine in the late 1940s tried to explain the almanac 's definition by saying it referred to the second full moon in a month .
" That was not correct , but at least it could be understood , " NASA wrote .
" And thus the modern blue moon was born . "
A World of Warcraft obsessive did his demographic a disservice recently by getting involved in a drunken dispute with his mother , grabbing her hair , choking her , and headbutting a wall .
Oh , and he also ended up getting shot in the head by his grandfather .
27 - year - old James Swan , who lives with his mother ( obviously ) had been playing WoW and getting drunk before the fight began .
Swan 's mother demanded that the manchild tone down the noise while he played his game at 10 pm , a demand that Swan took umbrage with .
Rage of the Gods ensued as the MMO player eventually grabbed his mother by the hair and flung her onto a bed .
He also did the same to his little brother , who had arrived to find out what the noise was about .
The mother ran to call the police , but Swan ripped the phone from the wall and proceeded to repeatedly headbutt the the spot where the phone once was .
He then began to choke his mother into near - unconsciousness , threatening to kill her , before the grandfather became involved .
Swan threatened to kill him too , so the grandfather got his gun .
The two men then wrestled over the gun , which went off and shot James Swan in the head .
The bullet bounced off his skull and went through a window .
Luckily for Swan , he was only wounded , and was arrested after refusing treatment at a hospital .
F*cking hilarious .
World of Warcraft Argument Leads To Violent Dispute [ HotBloodedGaming ]
A legal angle on the Super Bowl : The National Football League has claimed ownership of the phrase " Who Dat . "
The New Orleans Times - Picayune reports :
In letters sent to Fleurty Girl and Storyville , the NFL ordered the retailers to stop selling a host of merchandise that it says violates state and federal trademarks held by the New Orleans Saints .
Among the long list of things the NFL says is off - limits without a licensing agreement are some obvious violations like the official logo of the Saints and the team 's name .
But the one that stands out is " Who Dat . "
Who knew ?
The NFL , noting a 1988 trademark the Saints registered with the Louisiana secretary of state , says it has exclusive rights to the phrase and demands that the retailers stop selling it .
In theory , trademarks exist to prevent customer confusion .
But a customer must be mighty confused indeed to believe the words " Who Dat " appear only on official Saints merchandise , no matter what went on in the Louisiana secretary of state 's office two decades ago .
For one thing , someone else registered the trademark in 1983 , though he appears to have let it lapse .
More importantly , the phrase has been a part of New Orleans life for far longer than that , including decades of use as a high school football chant .
" Before it became a rallying cry of fans of the New Orleans Saints , " the paper notes , " Who Dat was used as a cheer by St. Augustine High School .
And before that it was perhaps first heard in minstrel shows in the later 1800s . "
The phrase 's pop culture roots date at least as far back as Paul Laurence Dunbar and Will Marion Cook 's song " Who Dat Say Chicken In This Crowd , " published in 1898 .
That 's 22 years before the NFL even existed .
( Meanwhile the Bengals have been using the similar " Who Dey ? " chant since the early 1980s . )
This case is absurd enough to have inspired some political pushback , with Sen. David Vitter ( R - La. ) writing the NFL to ask it to back off .
The league replied that it does n't want to control all uses of the phrase " Who Dat , " just those related to professional football .
What it has n't done is established why it should have even that right .
The fans did n't grab this chant from the team and start using it in unauthorized ways .
The fans brought it to the field , and now the franchise thinks it should have the right to control those fans ' speech .
Bonus listening : G.K. Darby has assembled a set of songs for the Super Bowl , including several variations on " Who Dat ? "
From 1983 , here 's Aaron Neville with " the Singing Saints " :
… and here 's a hip hop take from K. Gates :
Update : The NFL has backed down .
As Ed says in the comment thread , they " realized the gun is pointed at their own feet . "
Need a little bit of jaw - droppiness today ?
Mwuahahaha .
Let me show you something : a hole in the Moon .
[ Do n't tell anyone , but that 's where they faked the Moon landings ! ]
This is an image from the Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter , one of my favorite spacecraft in existence .
It 's been mapping the Moon at an incredible 50 cm / pixel resolution -- that 's 19 inches , my pretties -- for a while now , and revealing one astonishing thing after another .
What you 're seeing here is indeed a hole in the Moon : what is almost certainly a skylight , a hole punctured in the roof of a lava tube , an underground tunnel carved by flowing molten material on the Moon .
The hole is about 65 meters across -- roughly 2/3 ^rd the length of a football field .
This region of the Moon is called Marius Hills , and is known to be volcanic in nature .
The clincher is that the hole sits in a rille , a sinuous , snaking gully in the lunar surface .
The picture on the left provides a little context .
The hole is the very dark feature near the top , and sunlight is coming from the left .
The rille is pretty obvious here , snaking more or less top to bottom , and the hole is smack dab in the middle of it .
The place is littered with craters , most of which are soft looking , with no rims and very smooth features , which are possible indicators of very great age ( erosion from solar wind , newer impacts , and thermal stress from the large day / night temperature swings wear down sharp features over time ) , or perhaps the regolith ( the ground up rocks making a loose soil - like composite ) is just very thick here , softening the sides of craters .
Let me show you another view , a bit closer in :
This section is about 1 km ( 3000 feet ) across ; in other words , it might take you about 10 minutes to walk across it ( here on Earth , that is ; in a spacesuit YMMV ) .
The arrow at the bottom shows you the direction of sunlight ; the Sun is coming from the left .
That 's important , because our eyes get fooled easily if sunlight is coming from below ; it makes craters look like domes and vice - versa .
A lot of softer craters look like domes to my eye in this shot , so I marked a nice sharp crater with a 2 ( the hole itself is labeled 1 ) .
See how the right side of the crater is bright ?
That makes sense if the Sun is on the left .
I marked the top of the rille with a 3 , and the base of the sloping side with a 4 .
Think of it as the top and bottom of a riverbank .
The other side of the rille is off the picture to the right .
OK , still with me ?
Now look at the hole again .
The bright crescent around the hole on the right and the dark part on the left must be due to a slope leading into the hole , as if the whole thing is not just a hole punched into the surface , but more like a funnel pushed into it .
The hole probably started out somewhat smaller , and the sides collapsed down a bit .
Think of digging a hole in dry sand and you 'll get the picture .
This means there 's a lava tube under the rille , probably carved out by an older lava flow .
Observations by the Japanese probe SELENE indicate the hole is about 90 meters deep , and the roof -- the top part of the tube -- is about 25 meters thick .
That explains why it has n't collapsed under the eons of meteoric bombardment forming all the craters in it .
The hole may be a collapsed section , or it may have been punched by a larger meteorite .
Given the size of the hole , the impactor could n't have been bigger than a few meters across itself .
Had it been much bigger , I 'd think more of the roof would 've collapsed .
Incredible !
And useful , too : radiation from the solar wind may be a problem for future lunar colonists .
A good solar flare could sicken or kill them , so they 'll need protection .
Building underground is one way to do that , and here we have a pre-fab cave !
It 's unfurnished , a bit of a fixer - upper , but ready for occupants , and priced to move .
You may think a colony on the Moon is fantasy , but I disagree .
It 's a matter of realty .
And of course , location location location .
Biomimicry looks to nature and natural systems for inspiration .
After millions of years of tinkering , Mother Nature has worked out some effective processes .
In nature , there is no such thing as waste — anything left over from one animal or plant is food for another species .
Inefficiency does n't last long in nature , and human engineers and designers often look there for solutions to modern problems .
Here are seven striking examples of biomimicry .
1 of 8 Sharkskin = Swimsuit Photo : Matt9122 / Shutterstock ; Michael Kappeler / AFP / Getty Images Sharkskin - inspired swimsuits received a lot of media attention during the 2008 Summer Olympics when the spotlight was shining on Michael Phelps .
Seen under an electron microscope , sharkskin is made up of countless overlapping scales called dermal denticles ( or " little skin teeth " ) .
The denticles have grooves running down their length in alignment with water flow .
These grooves disrupt the formation of eddies , or turbulent swirls of slower water , making the water pass by faster .
The rough shape also discourages parasitic growth such as algae and barnacles .
Scientists have been able to replicate dermal denticles in swimsuits ( which are now banned in major competition ) and the bottom of boats .
When cargo ships can squeeze out even a single percent in efficiency , they burn less bunker oil and do n't require cleaning chemicals for their hulls .
Scientists are applying the technique to create surfaces in hospitals that resist bacteria growth — the bacteria can't catch hold on the rough surface .
2 of 8 Beaver = Wetsuit Photo : Rudmer Zwerver / Shutterstock ; MIT
Beavers have a thick layer of blubber that keeps them warm while they 're diving and swimming in their water environments .
But they have another trick up their sleeves for staying toasty .
Their fur is so dense that it traps warm pockets of air in between the layers , keeping these aquatic mammals not only warm , but dry .
Engineers at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology thought surfers might appreciate that same ability , and they created a rubbery , fur - like pelts they say could make " bioinspired materials , " such as wetsuits .
“ We are particularly interested in wetsuits for surfing , where the athlete moves frequently between air and water environments , ” says Anette ( Peko ) Hosoi , a professor of mechanical engineering and associate head of the department at MIT .
“ We can control the length , spacing , and arrangement of hairs , which allows us to design textures to match certain dive speeds and maximize the wetsuit 's dry region . ”
3 of 8 Termite den = Office building Photo : fritz16 / Shutterstock ; David Brazier / Wikimedia Commons
Termite dens look otherworldly , but they are surprisingly comfortable places to live .
While the temperature outside swings wildly throughout the day from lows in the 30s to highs over 100 , the inside of a termite den holds steady at a comfortable ( to a termite ) 87 degrees .
Mick Pearce , architect of Eastgate Centre in Harare , Zimbabwe , studied the cooling chimneys and tunnels of termite dens .
He applied those lessons to the 333,000 square - foot Eastgate Centre , which uses 90 percent less energy to heat and cool than traditional buildings .
The building has large chimneys that naturally draw in cool air at night to lower the temperature of the floor slabs , just like termite dens .
During the day , these slabs retain the coolness , greatly reducing the need for supplemental air conditioning .
4 of 8 Burr = Velcro Photo : cpreiser000 , Stocksnapper / Shutterstock Velcro is widely known example of biomimicry .
You may have worn shoes with velcro straps as a youngster and you can certainly look forward to wearing the same kind of shoes in retirement .
Velcro was invented by Swiss engineer George de Mestral in 1941 after he removed burrs from his dog and decided to take a closer look at how they worked .
The small hooks found at the end of the burr needles inspired him to create the now ubiquitous Velcro .
Think about it : without this material , the world would n't know Velcro jumping — a sport in which people dressed in full suits of Velcro attempt to throw their bodies as high up on a wall as possible .
5 of 8 Whale = Turbine Photo : Chris G. Walker , mirounga / Shutterstock
Whales have been swimming around the ocean for a long time , and evolution has crafted them into a super - efficient form of life .
They are able to dive hundreds of feet below the surface and stay there for hours .
They sustain their massive size by feeding on animals smaller than the eye can see , and they power their movement with über - efficient fins and a tail .
In 2004 , scientists at Duke University , West Chester University and the U.S. Naval Academy discovered that the bumps at the front edge of a whale fin greatly increase its efficiency , reducing drag by 32 percent and increasing lift by 8 percent .
Companies are applying the idea to wind turbine blades , cooling fans , airplane wings and propellers .
6 of 8 Birds = Jets Photo : Kevin Burkett / flickr ; Ana Gram / Shutterstock
Birds have been able to boost the distance they 're able to fly by more than 70 percent though the use of the V - shape .
Scientists have discovered that when a flocks takes on the familiar V - formation , when one bird flaps its wings it creates a small updraft that lifts the bird behind .
As each bird passes , they add their own energy to the stroke helping all the birds maintain flight .
By rotating their order through the stack , they spread out the exertion .
A group of researchers at Stanford University thinks passenger airlines could realize fuel savings by taking the same tactic .
The team , lead by Professor Ilan Kroo , envisions scenarios where jets from West Coast airports meet up and fly in formation en route to their East Coast destinations .
By traveling in a V - shape with planes taking turns in front as birds do , Kroo and his researchers think aircraft could use 15 percent less fuel compared to flying solo .
7 of 8 Lotus = Paint Photo : Pumbbg , severija / Shutterstock
The lotus flower is sort of like the sharkskin of dry land .
The flower 's micro-rough surface naturally repels dust and dirt particles , keeping its petals sparkling clean .
If you 've ever looked at a lotus leaf under a microscope , you 've seen a sea of tiny nail - like protuberances that can fend off specks of dust .
When water rolls over a lotus leaf , it collects anything on the surface , leaving a clean and healthy leaf behind .
A German company , Ispo , spent four years researching this phenomenon and has developed a paint with similar properties .
The micro-rough surface of the paint pushes away dust and dirt , diminishing the need to wash the outside of a house .
Reason :
The game was opposed by both the public and critics alike for " Glamorizing " and " Glossing over " the real - life massacre at Fallujah .
This caused the former publisher , Konami , to oppose the game and stop publishing it .
Six Days in Fallujah is a third - person shooter video game described by the developer , Atomic Games , as a survival horror game .
It is the first game to focus directly on Operation Iraqi Freedom , mainly the Second Battle of Fallujah or Operation Phantom Fury .
The game follows a squad of U.S. Marines from 3rd Battalion 1st Marines over the span of six days .
The premise of the game has been the subject of controversy ; questions have been raised as to its appropriateness , especially given the fact that the true event the game is based upon was so recent .
It was originally to be published by Konami .
On April 28 , 2009 , a spokesman confirmed to the Associated Press that Konami was no longer publishing the game .
Have you ever considered making your prom dress or suit out of duct tape ?
No ?
How about for $ 3,000 ?
Duck brand Duct Tape have been organizing the “ Stuck at Prom ” competition for 10 straight years , challenging students to create original prom costumes using as much duct tape as possible .
Competitors ’ costumes are judged according to the following criteria : workmanship , originality , use of color , accessories and amount of duct tape used .
The 10 best costumes are subjected to an online vote .
First place winners receive a $ 3,000 scholarship , second place gets $ 2,000 , third place $ 1,000 and runners up receive $ 500 .
It may not seem like much , but in these troubled times any penny counts .
And plus , you get to wear a cheap prom costume that will definitely catch everyone ’s eyes .
via Guidespot
BTW , notice that in the interview segment with Claire Danes , the skyline outside is nighttime instead of the usual daytime backdrop he has . :-)
Now , I 've debated some of these climate change deniers for a while now .
And you can present the most rational , logical , scientific arguments possible to them .
And guess what ?
It wo n't matter .
You 're basically arguing with a dining room table , and I 've come to realize it 's mostly a waste of time .
For non-deniers who are n't convinced yet , see my sig line for a rational way to try to convince them that taking action is simply the right thing to do .
But the time for rational debate with climate change deniers is over .
It 's time to brutally mock , humiliate , and shame them .
Nothing else will get through .
At least by mocking them , the smarter ones will know to shut the hell up , and the dumber ones will dig themselves into a deeper hole .
You can easily open OS X Finder windows containing any search results from the Spotlight menu .
After you have entered a search query into Spotlight , highlight the item you want by navigating to it in the search results , and as the desired item to be opened in the Finder is selected , hit Command + R to reveal the item within the Mac Finder .
This works in all versions of Mac OS X , though it may look slightly different :
Alternatively , instead of just pressing the Enter key to access or open the file you searched for , hold down the Command key while pressing Enter in Spotlight and you will open the parent folder of the file or application .
Research Box Title
NASA today released the most detailed set of images ever taken of the distant dwarf planet Pluto .
The images taken by NASA 's Hubble Space Telescope show an icy and dark molasses - colored , mottled world that is undergoing seasonal changes in its surface color and brightness .
Pluto has become significantly redder , while its illuminated northern hemisphere is getting brighter .
These changes are most likely consequences of surface ices sublimating on the sunlit pole and then refreezing on the other pole as the dwarf planet heads into the next phase of its 248 - year - long seasonal cycle .
The dramatic change in color apparently took place in a two - year period , from 2000 to 2002 .
The Hubble images will remain our sharpest view of Pluto until NASA 's New Horizons probe is within six months of its Pluto flyby .
The Hubble pictures are proving invaluable for picking out the planet 's most interesting - looking hemisphere for the New Horizons spacecraft to swoop over when it flies by Pluto in 2015 .
Though Pluto is arguably one of the public 's favorite planetary objects , it is also the hardest of which to get a detailed portrait because the world is small and very far away .
Hubble resolves surface variations a few hundred miles across , which are too coarse for understanding surface geology .
But in terms of surface color and brightness Hubble reveals a complex - looking and variegated world with white , dark - orange , and charcoal - black terrain .
The overall color is believed to be a result of ultraviolet radiation from the distant Sun breaking up methane that is present on Pluto 's surface , leaving behind a dark and red carbon - rich residue .
When Hubble pictures taken in 1994 are compared with a new set of images taken in 2002 to 2003 , astronomers see evidence that the northern polar region has gotten brighter , while the southern hemisphere has gotten darker .
These changes hint at very complex processes affecting the visible surface , and the new data will be used in continued research .
The images are allowing planetary astronomers to better interpret more than three decades of Pluto observations from other telescopes , says principal investigator Marc Buie of the Southwest Research Institute in Boulder , Colo .
" The Hubble observations are the key to tying together these other diverse constraints on Pluto and showing how it all makes sense by providing a context based on weather and seasonal changes , which opens other new lines of investigation . "
The Hubble pictures underscore that Pluto is not simply a ball of ice and rock but a dynamic world that undergoes dramatic atmospheric changes .
These are driven by seasonal changes that are as much propelled by the planet 's 248 - year elliptical orbit as its axial tilt , unlike Earth where the tilt alone drives seasons .
The seasons are very asymmetric because of Pluto 's elliptical orbit .
Spring transitions to polar summer quickly in the northern hemisphere because Pluto is moving faster along its orbit when it is closer to the Sun .
Ground - based observations , taken in 1988 and 2002 , show that the mass of the atmosphere doubled over that time .
This may be due to warming and sublimating nitrogen ice .
The new Hubble images from 2002 to 2003 are giving astronomers essential clues about how the seasons on Pluto work and about the fate of its atmosphere .
The images , taken by the Advanced Camera for Surveys , are invaluable to planning the details of the New Horizons flyby in 2015 .
New Horizons will pass by Pluto so quickly that only one hemisphere will be photographed in the highest possible detail .
Particularly noticeable in the Hubble image is a bright spot that has been independently noted to be unusually rich in carbon monoxide frost .
It is a prime target for New Horizons .
" Everybody is puzzled by this feature , " says Buie .
New Horizons will get an excellent look at the boundary between this bright feature and a nearby region covered in pitch - black surface material .
" The Hubble images will also help New Horizons scientists better calculate the exposure time for each Pluto snapshot , which is important for taking the most detailed pictures possible , " says Buie .
With no chance for re-exposures , accurate models for the surface of Pluto are essential in preventing pictures that are either under - or overexposed .
The Hubble images are a few pixels wide .
But through a technique called dithering , multiple , slightly offset pictures can be combined through computer - image processing to synthesize a higher - resolution view than could be seen in a single exposure .
" This has taken four years and 20 computers operating continuously and simultaneously to accomplish , " says Buie , who developed special algorithms to sharpen the Hubble data .
The Hubble research results appear in the March 2010 issue of the Astronomical Journal .
Buie 's science team members are William Grundy of Lowell Observatory in Flagstaff , Ariz. , and Eliot Young , Leslie Young , and Alan Stern of Southwest Research Institute in Boulder , Colo .
Buie plans to use Hubble 's new Wide Field Camera 3 to make further Pluto observations prior to the arrival of New Horizons .
Our solar system has glamorous planets , ringed Saturn , multicolored Jupiter , and ruddy red Mars .
But one of the best recognized and popular ( for the public ) objects is tiny and distant Pluto , which lies on the dim outer frontier of the solar system .
Since its discovery in 1930 , Pluto has been a speck of light in the largest ground - based telescopes .
But NASA 's Hubble Space Telescope has now mapped the dwarf planet in never - before - seen detail .
The new map is so good , astronomers have even been able to detect changes on the dwarf planet 's surface by comparing Hubble images taken in 1994 with the newer images taken in 2002 - 2003 .
The task is as challenging as trying to see the markings on a soccer ball 40 miles away .
Hubble 's view is n't sharp enough to see craters or mountains , if they exist on the surface , but Hubble reveals a complex - looking and variegated world with white , dark - orange , and charcoal - black terrain .
The overall color is believed to be a result of ultraviolet radiation from the distant Sun breaking up methane that is present on Pluto 's surface , leaving behind a dark molasses - colored , carbon - rich residue .
Astronomers were very surprised to see that Pluto 's brightness has changed - the northern pole is brighter and the southern hemisphere is darker and redder .
Summer is approaching Pluto 's north pole , and this may cause surface ices to melt and refreeze in the colder shadowed portion of the dwarf planet .
The Hubble pictures underscore that Pluto is not simply a ball of ice and rock but a dynamic world that undergoes dramatic atmospheric changes .
These atmospheric changes are driven by seasonal changes that are as much propelled by the dwarf planet 's 248 - year elliptical orbit as its axial tilt , unlike Earth where the tilt alone drives seasons .
The seasons are very asymmetric because of Pluto 's elliptical orbit .
Spring transitions to polar summer quickly in the northern hemisphere because Pluto is moving faster along its orbit when it is closer to the Sun .
The images , taken by the Advanced Camera for Surveys , are invaluable to planning the details of the NASA New Horizons probe mission to fly by Pluto in 2015 .
New Horizons will pass by Pluto so quickly that only one hemisphere will be photographed in the highest possible detail .
Particularly noticeable in the Hubble image is a mysterious bright spot in one hemisphere that is unusually rich in carbon monoxide frost .
The Hubble images are a few pixels wide .
But through a technique called dithering , multiple , slightly offset pictures can be combined through computer - image processing to synthesize a higher - resolution view than could be seen in a single exposure .
This series of pictures took four years and 20 computers operating continuously and simultaneously to accomplish .
Credit : Ray Villard ( Space Telescope Science Institute )
A View on Buddhism
BUDDHIST QUOTES AND SAYINGS
This is a small selection of my favorite Buddhist quotes .
For a much larger collection , sorted by subject , see the Buddhist Quotes section .
Just as the highest and the lowest notes are equally inaudible , so perhaps , is the greatest sense and the greatest nonsense equally unintelligible .
Allan Watts Renunciation is not getting rid of the things of this world , but accepting that they pass away .
Aitken Roshi
The greatest achievement is selflessness .
The greatest worth is self - mastery .
The greatest quality is seeking to serve others .
The greatest precept is continual awareness .
The greatest medicine is the emptiness of everything .
The greatest action is not conforming with the worlds ways .
The greatest magic is transmuting the passions .
The greatest generosity is non-attachment .
The greatest goodness is a peaceful mind .
The greatest patience is humility .
The greatest effort is not concerned with results .
The greatest meditation is a mind that lets go .
The greatest wisdom is seeing through appearances .
Atisha
In criticizing , the teacher is hoping to teach .
That 's all .
Bankei
The true meaning of the precepts is not just that one should refrain from drinking alcohol ,
but also from getting drunk on nirvana .
Bassui Bodhidharma
All know the Way , but few actually walk it .
If you do n't find a teacher soon , you 'll live this life in vain .
It 's true , you have the buddha - nature .
But without the help of a teacher
you 'll never know it .
Only one person in a million becomes enlightened without a teacher 's help .
If , though , by the conjunction of conditions , someone understands what the Buddha meant , that person does n't need a teacher .
Such a person has a natural awareness superior to anything taught .
But unless you 're so blessed , study hard , and by means of instruction you 'll understand .
Mindfulness is the aware , balanced acceptance of the present experience .
It is n't more complicated that that .
It is opening to or recieving the present moment , pleasant or unpleasant , just as it is ,
without either clinging to it or rejecting it .
Sylvia Boorstein
How does this effect my Buddhist practice ?
It does n't .
These reported events are like an arrow shot at my heart but it lands at my feet .
I choose not to bend over , pick it up , and stab myself with it .
From an online discussion group - forgot to note the writer Our modern Western culture only recognises the first of these , freedom of desires .
It then worships such a freedom by enshrining it at the forefront of national constituitions and bills of human rights .
One can say that the underlying creed of most Western democracies is to protect their people 's freedom to realise their desires , as far as this is possible .
It is remarkable that in such countries people do not feel very free .
The second kind of freedom , freedom from desires , is celebrated only in some religious communities .
It celebrates contentment , peace that is free from desires .
Ajahn Brahm ( Opening the Door of Your Heart )
If only I could throw away the urge to trace my patterns in your heart , I could really see you .
David Brandon ( Zen in the Art of Helping ) Buddhist Sayings
Do not speak - unless it improves on silence .
You can explore the universe looking for somebody who is more deserving of your love and affection than you are yourself ,
and you will not find that person anywhere .
The Buddha Your worst enemy cannot harm you as much
as your own unguarded thoughts .
Develop the mind of equilibrium .
You will always be getting praise and blame ,
but do not let either affect the poise of the mind :
follow the calmness , the absence of pride .
Sutta Nipata
One day Ananda , who had been thinking deeply about things for a while , turned to the Buddha and exclaimed :
" Lord , I 've been thinking - spiritual friendship is at least half of the spiritual life ! "
The Buddha replied : " Say not so , Ananda , say not so .
Spiritual friendship is the whole of the spiritual life ! "
Samyutta Nikaya , Verse 2
In what is seen , there should be just the seen ;
In what is heard , there should be just the heard ;
In what is sensed , there should be just the sensed ;
In what is thought , there should be just the thought .
He should not kill a living being , nor cause it to be killed , nor should he incite another to kill .
Do not injure any being , either strong or weak in the world .
Sutta Nipata II , 14
These teachings are like a raft , to be abandoned once you have crossed the flood .
Since you should abandon even good states of mind generated by these teachings ,
How much more so should you abandon bad states of mind !
Conquer the angry man by love .
Conquer the ill - natured man by goodness .
Conquer the miser with generosity .
Conquer the liar with truth .
The Dhammapada In Aryans ' Discipline , to build a friendship is to build wealth ,
To maintain a friendship is to maintain wealth and
To end a friendship is to end wealth .
Cakkavatti Sutta , Patika Vagga , Dighanikaya
" If beings knew , as I know , the results of sharing gifts , they would not enjoy their gifts without sharing them with others , nor would the taint of stinginess obsess the heart and stay there .
even if it were their last and final bit of food , they would not enjoy its use without sharing it , if there were anyone to receive it "
Itivuttaka 18
One should follow a man of wisdom who rebukes one for one 's faults , as one would follow a guide to some buried treasure .
To one who follows such a wise man , it will be an advantage and not a disadvantage .
Dhammapada 76 A brahmin once asked The Blessed One :
" Are you a God ? "
" No , brahmin " said The Blessed One .
" Are you a saint ? "
" No , brahmin " said The Blessed One .
" Are you a magician ? "
" No , brahmin " said The Blessed One .
" What are you then ? "
" I am awake . "
See the truth , and you will see me .
Let your love flow outward through the universe ,
To its height , its depth , its broad extent ,
A limitless love , without hatred or enmity .
Then as you stand or walk ,
Sit or lie down ,
As long as you are awake ,
Strive for this with a one - pointed mind ;
Your life will bring heaven to earth .
Sutta Nipata
Thousands of candles can be lit from a single candle ,
and the life of the candle will not be shortened .
Happiness never decreases by being shared .
I teach one thing and one only :
that is , suffering and the end of suffering .
Just as a mother would protect with her life her own son , her only son ,
so one should cultivate an unbounded mind towards all beings , and loving - kindness towards all the world .
One should cultivate an unbounded mind , above and below and across , without obstruction , without enmity , without rivalry .
Standing , or going , or seated , or lying down , as long as one is free from drowsiness , one should practice this mindfulness .
This , they say , is the holy state here .
Sutta Nipata
What is this world condition ?
Body is the world condition .
And with body and form goes feeling , perception , consciousness , and all the activities throughout the world .
The arising of form and the ceasing of form -- everything that has been heard , sensed , and known , sought after and reached by the mind -- all this is the embodied world , to be penetrated and realized .
Samyutta Nikaya
Make an island of yourself ,
make yourself your refuge ;
there is no other refuge .
Make truth your island ,
make truth your refuge ;
there is no other refuge .
Digha Nikaya , 16 Solitude is happiness for one who is content , who has heard the Dhamma and clearly sees .
Non-affliction is happiness in the world - harmlessness towards all living beings .
Udana 10
The fool thinks he has won a battle when he bullies with harsh speech ,
but knowing how to be forbearing alone makes one victorious .
Samyutta Nikaya I , 163
Things are not what they appear to be : nor are they otherwise .
Surangama Sutra
Do not pursue the past .
Do not lose yourself in the future .
The past no longer is .
The future has not yet come .
Looking deeply at life as it is .
In the very here and now , the practitioner dwells in stability and freedom .
We must be diligent today .
To wait until tomorrow is too late .
Death comes unexpectedly .
How can we bargain with it ?
The sage calls a person who knows how to dwell in mindfulness night and day ,
' one who knows the better way to live alone . '
Bhaddekaratta Sutta Ajhan Chah
Do not try to become anything .
Do not make yourself into anything .
Do not be a meditator .
Do not become enlightened .
When you sit , let it be .
What you walk , let it be .
Grasp at nothing .
Resist nothing .
If you have n't wept deeply , you have n't begun to meditate .
The only reason we do n't open our hearts and minds to other people is that they trigger confusion in us that we do n't feel brave enough or sane enough to deal with .
To the degree that we look clearly and compassionately at ourselves , we feel confident and fearless about looking into someone else 's eyes .
Pema Chodron Venerable Cheng Yen
Our inability to stand someone results from our lack of cultivation .
Having a wider heart and mind is more important than having a larger house .
Happiness does not come from having much , but from being attached to little .
Remember always that you are just a visitor here , a traveler passing through .
your stay is but short and the moment of your departure unknown .
None can live without toil and a craft that provides your needs is a blessing indeed .
But if you toil without rest , fatigue and wearness will overtake you , and you will denied the joy that comes from labour 's end .
Speak quietly and kindly and be not forward with either opinions or advice .
If you talk much , this will make you deaf to what others say , and you should know that there are few so wise that they cannot learn from others .
Be near when help is needed , but far when praise and thanks are being offered .
Take small account of might , wealth and fame , for they soon pass and are forgotten .
Instead , nurture love within you and and strive to be a friend to all .
Truly , compassion is a balm for many wounds .
Treasure silence when you find it , and while being mindful of your duties , set time aside , to be alone with yourself .
Cast off pretense and self - deception and see yourself as you really are .
Despite all appearances , no one is really evil .
They are led astray by ignorance .
If you ponder this truth always you will offer more light , rather then blame and condemnation .
You , no less than all beings have Buddha Nature within .
Your essential Mind is pure .
Therefore , when defilements cause you to stumble and fall , let not remose nor dark foreboding cast you down .
Be of good cheer and with this understanding , summon strength and walk on .
Faith is like a lamp and wisdom makes the flame burn bright .
Carry this lamp always and in good time the darkness will yield and you will abide in the Light .
Dhammavadaka H.H.
The 14th Dalai Lama Sometimes one creates a dynamic impression by saying something ,
and sometimes one creates as significant an impression by remaining silent .
Through violence , you may ' solve ' one problem , but you sow the seeds for another .
One has to try to develop one 's inner feelings , which can be done simply by training one 's mind .
This is a priceless human asset and one you do n't have to pay income tax on !
First one must change .
I first watch myself , check myself , then expect changes from others .
Love and compassion are necessities , not luxuries .
Without them , humanity cannot survive .
I myself feel , and also tell other Buddhists that the question of Nirvana will come later .
There is not much hurry .
If in day to day life you lead a good life , honesty , with love ,
with compassion , with less selfishness ,
then automatically it will lead to Nirvana .
The universe that we inhabit and our shared perception of it are the results of a common karma .
Likewise , the places that we will experience in future rebirths will be the outcome of the karma that we share with the other beings living there .
The actions of each of us , human or nonhuman , have contributed to the world in which we live .
We all have a common responsibility for our world and are connected with everything in it .
If the love within your mind is lost and you see other beings as enemies , then no matter how much knowledge or education or material comfort you have , only suffering and confusion will ensue .
It is under the greatest adversity that there exists the greatest potential for doing good , both for oneself and others .
When ever Buddhism has taken root in a new land , there has been a certain variation in the style in which it is observed .
The Buddha himself taught differently according to the place , the occasion and the situation of those who were listening to him .
Samsara - our conditioned existence in the perpetual cycle of habitual tendencies and nirvana - genuine freedom from such an existence - are nothing but different manifestations of a basic continuum .
So this continuity of consciousness us always present .
This is the meaning of tantra .
According to Buddhist practice , there are three stages or steps .
The initial stage is to reduce attachment towards life .
The second stage is the elimination of desire and attachment to this samsara .
Then in the third stage , self - cherishing is eliminated In Buddhism , both learning and practice are extremely important , and they must go hand in hand .
Without knowledge , just to rely on faith , faith , and more faith is good but not sufficient .
So the intellectual part must definitely be present .
At the same time , strictly intellectual development without faith and practice , is also of no use .
It is necessary to combine knowledge born from study with sincere practice in our daily lives .
These two must go together .
The creatures that inhabit this earth - be they human beings or animals - are here to contribute , each in its own particular way , to the beauty and prosperity of the world .
To develop genuine devotion , you must know the meaning of teachings .
The main emphasis in Buddhism is to transform the mind , and this transformation depends upon meditation .
in order to meditate correctly , you must have knowledge .
Anything that contradicts experience and logic should be abandoned .
The ultimate authority must always rest with the individual 's own reason and critical analysis .
From one point of view we can say that we have human bodies and are practicing the Buddha 's teachings and are thus much better than insects .
But we can also say that insects are innocent and free from guile , where as we often lie and misrepresent ourselves in devious ways in order to achieve our ends or better ourselves .
From this perspective , we are much worse than insects .
When the days become longer and there is more sunshine , the grass becomes fresh and , consequently , we feel very happy .
On the other hand , in autumn , one leaf falls down and another leaf falls down .
The beautiful plants become as if dead and we do not feel very happy .
Why ?
I think it is because deep down our human nature likes construction , and does not like destruction .
Naturally , every action which is destructive is against human nature .
Constructiveness is the human way .
Therefore , I think that in terms of basic human feeling , violence is not good .
Non-violence is the only way .
We humans have existed in our present form for about a hundred thousand years .
I believe that if during this time the human mind had been primarily controlled by anger and hatred , our overall population would have decreased .
But today , despite all our wars , we find that the human population is greater than ever .
This clearly indicates to me that love and compassion predominate in the world .
And this is why unpleasant events are " news " ; compassionate activities are so much a part of daily life that they are taken for granted and , therefore , largely ignored .
The fundamental philosophical principle of Buddhism is that all our suffering comes about as a result of an undisciplined mind , and this untamed mind itself comes about because of ignorance and negative emotions .
For the Buddhist practitioner then , regardless of whether he or she follows the approach of the Fundamental Vehicle , Mahayana or Vajrayana , negative emotions are always the true enemy , a factor that has to be overcome and eliminated .
And it is only by applying methods for training the mind that these negative emotions can be dispelled and eliminated .
This is why in Buddhist writings and teachings we find such an extensive explanation of the mind and its different processes and functions .
Since these negative emotions are states of mind , the method or technique for overcoming them must be developed from within .
There is no alternative .
They can not be
removed by some external technique , like a surgical operation . "
from ' Dzogchen : The Heart Essence of the Great Perfection '
So , the tendency of our childish nature is to take small things too seriously and get easily offended , whereas when we are confronted with situations which have long - term consequences , we tend to take things less seriously
Encountering sufferings will definitely contribute to the elevation of your spiritual practice , provided you are able to transform calamity and misfortune into the path .
The purpose of all the major religious traditions is not to construct big temples on the outside , but to create temples of goodness and compassion inside , in our hearts .
War is out of date , obsolete .
{ Here is a special Dalai Lama quotes page .}
The beauty of life is , while we cannot undo what is done ,
we can see it , understand it , learn from it and change .
So that every new moment is spent not in regret , guilt , fear or anger ,
but in wisdom , understanding and love .
Jennifer Edwards
View all problems as challenges .
Look upon negativities that arise as opportunities to learn and to grow .
Do n't run from them , condemn yourself , or bury your burden in saintly silence .
You have a problem ?
Great .
More grist for the mill .
Rejoice , dive in , and investigate .
Bhante Henepola Gunaratana , " Mindfulness in Plain English " Humans prepare for the future all their lives , yet meet the next life totally unprepared .
Drakpa Gyaltsen
To deny the reality of things is to miss their reality ;
to assert the emptiness of things is to miss their reality .
The more you talk and think about it , the further astray you wander from the truth .
Stop talking and thinking and there is nothing you will not be able to know .
Hsin Hsin Ming
Although gold dust is precious , when it gets in your eyes , it obstructs your vision .
Hsi-Tang Master Hsuan Hua
When one does what Buddhas do , one is a Buddha .
When one does what Bodhisattvas do , one is a Bodhisattva .
When one does what Arhats do , one is an Arhat .
When one does what ghosts do , one is a ghost .
These are all natural phenomena .
There are no shortcuts in cultivation .
If you wish others to know about your good deeds ,
they are not truly good deeds .
If you fear others will find out about your bad deeds ,
those are truly bad deeds .
Our lives are based on what is reasonable and common sense ;
Truth is apt to be neither .
Christmas Humphreys Birth and Death is a grave event ;
How transient is life !
Every minute is to be grasped .
Time waits for nobody .
Inscription on a Zen Gong
We could become quite satisfied with ourselves because we are sitting in meditation and are endeavoring to practice the spiritual path .
Such satisfaction with ourselves is not the same as contentment .
Contentment is necessary , self - satisfaction is detrimental .
To be content has to include knowing we are in the right place at the right time to facilitate our own growth .
But to be self - satisfied means that we no longer realize the need for growth .
All these aspects are important parts of our commitment and makes us into one whole being with a one - pointed direction .
Ayya Khema
Half the spiritual life consists of remembering what we are up against and where we are going .
Ayya Khema , " When the Iron Eagle Flies " ...
And the other half is taking complete personal responsibility for getting there !
Joshua Bryer
If you live the sacred and despise the ordinary ,
you are still bobbing in the ocean of delusion .
Zen Master Lin-Chi
Since everything is but an apparition , having nothing to do with good or bad , acceptance or rejection , one may well burst out in laughter .
Longchenpa Milarepa
My religion is to live and die without regret .
Know emptiness ,
Be compassionate .
Strong and healthy , who thinks of sickness until it strikes like lightning ?
Preoccupied with the world , who thinks of death , until it arrives like thunder ?
All meditation must begin with arousing deep compassion .
Whatever one does must emerge from an attitude of love and benefitting others .
All worldly pursuits have but one unavoidable and inevitable end , which is sorrow ; acquisitions end in dispersion ; buildings in destruction ; meetings in separation ; births in death .
Knowing this , one should , from the very first , renounce acquisitions and storing - up , and building , and meeting ; and , faithful to the commands of an eminent Guru , set about realizing the Truth .
That alone is the best of religious observances .
Nagarjuna
The Buddha taught some people the teachings of duality that help them avoid sin and acquire spiritual merit .
To others he taught non-duality , that some find profoundly frightening .
Even offering three hundred bowls of food three times a day does not match the spiritual merit gained in one moment of love .
All philosophies are mental fabrications .
There has never been a single doctrine by which one could enter the true essence of things .
By amending our mistakes , we get wisdom .
By defending our faults , we betray an unsound mind .
The Sutra of Hui Neng After a few years of meditation practice we can even learn how to occasionally ignore ourselves .
And what relief that can be !
Wes Nisker
One day I complained to Suzuki Roshi about the people I was working with .
He listened intently .
Finally he said , " If you want to see virtue , you have to have a calm mind . "
" To Shine One Corner of the World : Moments with Shuryu Suzuki " ( Edited by David Chadwick ) Stonepeace
What you eat cannot purify your mind - but is there greed behind your choice of eating ?
If yes , the mind that eats is not pure - be your choice vegetarian or not .
I think it is time to face yourself again .
Then again , it is always time .
Truth is only as real as our delusion allows .
( slightly edited )
If an untrained sentient being can create Real Hell out of Total Ignorance ,
why can't a perfect Buddha create a Real Pureland out of Total Compassion ?
( slightly edited )
In fact , everything we encounter in this world with our six senses is an inkblot test .
You see what you are thinking and feeling , seldom what you are looking at .
Shiqin
One torch can dissipate the accumulated darkness of a thousand aeons .
Tilopa Thich Nhat Hanh
If we are not empty , we become a block of matter .
We cannot breathe , we cannot think .
To be empty means to be alive , to breathe in and to breathe out .
We can not be alive if we are not empty .
Emptiness is impermanence , it is change .
We should not complain about impermanence ,
because without impermanence , nothing is possible .
Through your love for each other , through learning the art of making one person happy ,
you learn to express your love for the whole of humanity and all beings .
Please help us develop the curriculum for the Institute for the Happiness of One Person .
Do n't wait until we open the school .
You can begin practicing right away .
If you touch one thing with deep awareness , you touch everything .
" At the moment of waking up ,
before getting out of bed ,
get in touch with your breath ,
feel the various sensations in your body ,
note any thoughts and feeling that maybe present ,
let mindfulness touch this moment ,
Can you feel your breath ?
Can you perceive the dawning of each in breath ?
Can you enjoy the feeling of the breath freely
entering your body in this moment ?
 Breathe in I smile ,
breathe out I calm my body ,
dwelling in the present moment ,
it is a wonderful moment .
Sometimes your joy is the source of your smile ,
but sometimes your smile can be the source of your joy .
If we are not fully ourselves , truly in the present moment , we miss everything .
When a child presents himself to you with his smile , if you are not really there - thinking about the future or the past , or preoccupied with other problems - then the child is not really there for you .
The technique of being alive is to go back to yourself in order for the child to appear like a marvellous reality .
Then you can see him smile and you can embrace him in your arms .
Meditation is not to escape from society ,
but to come back to ourselves and see what is going on .
Once there is seeing , there must be acting .
With mindfulness , we know what to do and what not to do to help .
People deal too much with the negative , with what is wrong .
Why not try and see positive things ,
to just touch those things and make them bloom ?
Reconciliation is to understand both sides ;
to go to one side and describe the suffering being endured by the other side ,
and then go to the other side and describe the suffering being endured by the first side .
Anything that is created must sooner or later die .
Enlightenment is permanent because we have not produced it ; we have merely discovered it .
Chogyam Trungpa Shantideva
Through the power of habit I have come to view an insignificant sperm and egg as myself .
Others are my main concern .
When I notice something of mine ,
I steal it and give it to others .
All happiness comes from the desire for others to be happy .
All misery comes from the desire for oneself to be happy .
While others are engaged in inferior and menial tasks
in which they encounter many difficulties ,
how can I sit here at peace and do nothing ?
I must and shall benefit them ,
but without ever succumbing to the poison of self - importance .
Bodhicaryavatara
" Unruly beings are as unlimited as space
They cannot possibly all be overcome ,
But if I overcome thoughts of anger alone
This will be equivalent to vanquishing all foes .
Where would I possibly find enough leather
With which to cover the surface of the earth ?
But ( wearing ) leather just on the soles of my shoes
Is equivalent to covering the earth with it .
Likewise it is not possible for me
To restrain the external course of things ;
But should I restrain this mind of mine
What would be the need to restrain all else ? "
Like it or not , if you look at your own mind you will discover it is void and groundless ; as insubstantial as empty space .
Padma Sambhava
The foolish are trapped by karma , while the wise are liberated through karma .
Stonepeace Suttas are not meant to be ' sacred scriptures ' that tell us what to believe .
One should read them , listen to them , think about them , contemplate them , and investigate the present reality , the present experience with them .
Then , and only then , can one insightfully know the truth beyond words .
Venerable Sumedho Normally , we do not so much look at things as overlook them .
Alan Watts Lama Yeshe
It is never too late .
Even if you are going to die tomorrow ,
Keep yourself straight and clear and be a happy human being today .
If you keep your situation happy day by day ,
you will eventually reach the greatest happiness of Enlightenment .
If your spiritual practice and the demands of your everyday life are not in harmony , it means there 's something wrong with the way you are practicing .
Your practice should satisfy your dissatisfied mind while providing solutions to the problems of everyday life .
If it does n't , check carefully to see what you really understand about your religious practice .
Religion is not just some dry intellectual idea but rather your basic philosophy of life : you hear a teaching that makes sense to you , find through experience that it relates positively with your psychological makeup , get a real taste of it through practice , and adopt it as your spiritual path .
That 's the right way to enter the spiritual path .
When Lord Buddha spoke about suffering , he was n't referring simply to superficial problems like illness and injury , but to the fact that the dissatisfied nature of the mind itself is suffering .
No matter how much of something you get , it never satisfies your desire for better or more .
This unceasing desire is suffering ; its nature is emotional frustration .
Be gentle first with yourself - if you wish to be gentle with others .
We are not compelled to meditate by some outside agent , by other people , or by God .
Rather , just as we are responsible for our own suffering , so are we solely responsible for our own cure .
We have created the situation in which we find ourselves , and it is up to us to create the circumstances for our release .
To be angry is to let others ' mistakes punish yourself .
To forgive others is to be good to yourself .
Master ChengYen
What is it that binds you ?
You are not bound by any chains now .
Is it just the thought that you are bound that binds you ?
Mental chains can only be broken by mental effort .
Zed ( slightly edited )
The only reason why we are still here is because we believe there is a reason to be here .
So why are we still swimming in the sea of samsara ?
Zeph Lama Zopa Rinpoche
If you know the psychological nature of your own mind , depression is spontaneously dispelled ;
instead of being enemies and strangers , all living beings become your friends .
The narrow mind rejects ; wisdom accepts .
Check your own mind to see whether or not this is true .
It is great that even before we become enlightened or generate any lam - rim realizations we are able to offer incredible benefit to others .
The person who does this is a very fortunate person and should rejoice very often .
By renouncing samsara , we renounce our habitual grasping , unhappy minds .
And by renouncing samsara , we embrace our potential for enlightenment .
When it is impossible for anger to arise within you , you find no outside enemies anywhere .
An outside enemy exists only if there is anger inside .
When there is hallucination , there is the truth , by recognising it as hallucination .
Where there is suffering , there is peace and bliss , by letting go and experiencing it for numberless suffering sentient beings .
Always think of how others are kind and precious
Treat them as you would like to be treated .
A sick body with a good heart is more beneficial to future lives than a fit , healthy body that is used for self - cherishing .
If one does not remember death , one does not remember Dharma .
When ?
At this time , while you have all the opportunities , if you do not do your best to achieve the pure , stainless path to enlightenment when will you do it ?
If you do n't meditate , do n't practise the graduated path to enlightenment , especially bodhicitta , in this life , then when ?
When will you practise ?
When will you have this realization ?
If , in this life , you do n't achieve renunciation , bodhicitta and sunyata , as well as the two stages of tantra , when will you ?
When will you have these attainments ?
When will you become enlightened ?
When will you perform perfect work for sentient beings ?
Whenever you hear that someone else has been successful , rejoice .
Always practice rejoicing for others -- whether your friend or your enemy .
If you cannot practice rejoicing , no matter how long you live , you will not be happy .
LINKS
Do have a look at the Dhamapada , it actually forms a traditional collection of quotes from the Buddha .
More excellent quotes can be found at Taeger 's site .
Previous Page | ^Top of Page | Next Page - Wisdom Quotes
Interview
In 2001 the IPCC published its Third Assessment report prominently featuring a graph that became " the logo of global warming " .
Previous historical reconstructions did n't show our modern warm climate as particularly anomalous .
This was very different , and was hailed as a " call to action " .
Yet Michael Mann 's studies were deeply flawed .
Omit one or two proxies , for example , and the scary warming ' spike ' disappears .
Mann 's model could produce hockey stick shapes using random data , such as baseball scores , or red noise .
Critics alleged that Mann 's choices of data and statistical tools all cooled the Medieval Warm Period , and emphasised late 20th Century warming .
A new book recounts how the ' Hockey Stick ' model was created and more intriguingly , the political and institutional defence of the indefensible .
( At one stage the Hockey Stick 's defenders argued that trees on different continents had " teleconnections " with each other - a claim that would n't be out of place in a homeopathy brochure . )
Andrew Montford , a science publisher and blogger under the name Bishop Hill , has provided the storytelling to match the detective work and persistence of another blogger , Steve McIntyre , who dismantled the Stick .
Andrew talked to us about The Hockey Stick Illusion and some of the key issues it highlights .
You say the IPCC needed the Hockey Stick to be true , and that 's why it got such prominence .
Was this the best they could do ?
If you put any of the other major temperature reconstructions in place of the Hockey Stick I think it 's true to say it does n't look so frightening .
They have a Medieval Warm Period that is within a whisker of the temperatures we have now .
You can make them look scarier by overlaying the instrumental record over the 20th Century part of the graph - in fact , that 's part of the reason why it looks scary .
I show this in the book - in Briffa series [ see below ] .
But [ these reconstructions ] would n't convince anybody there 's anything going on there at all .
So yes , they needed it to convince people ; and they promoted it , they had policies to sell .
And when it proved to be flawed they had to stand behind it , because otherwise , they 'd look stupid .
Now to the story .
The preparation of the original Hockey Stick turns out to be a small part of the saga .
How the issues McIntyre raised were dealt with by the scientists and the establishment is the main story .
Yes , the book is a detective story of how Steve McIntyre worked out how the Hockey Stick got its remarkable shape , which was a combination of data that 's not suitable and questionable statistical methodology .
I did n't want to dwell on what happened upfront , it 's about how the Hockey Stick met its demise , if you like .
So for the data : people might have heard of Mann 's use of bristlecones , which are poor proxies for temperature .
Right , the theory is if you have the right trees you can use them as a thermometer - they 'll grow more in a warm year than they will in a cool year .
But not every tree .
The theory is that trees at the northern limit or upper treeline on the sides of mountains will be sensitive to temperature .
But they could be affected by water and nutrients .
And there is some doubt as to whether there really is a temperature signal in the tree rings .
It 's certainly very noisy , if it 's there at all .
And this is one of the things that comes out in the book .
I spend quite a lot of time discussing the verification statistics : if the mathematical model derived from the tree rings actually is credible in statistical terms .
Whether it looks as though the model can create temperatures of the past .
Keith Briffa 's reconstruction showed no hockey stick
And this is something Mann went to great lengths , with the Hockey Stick , to keep from us ?
Essentially statisticians have a range of measures of testing whether the numbers that fall out of their mathematical models match up to the real world .
In the case of the Hockey Stick they used something called a verification period , where they reconstruct the temperatures for the second half of the 19th Century , based on the model , and compare that to the real temperatures , based on thermometers .
That can be calculated using a range of measures , but the two that are important for the history of the Hockey Stick are R2 and the RE .
The R2 statistic is essentially a very standard statistical measure of how lines match up against each other , while the RE is a very obscure measure that is only used by climatologists , and has been very heavily criticised because its behaviour in different circumstances is n't really understood .
It has n't been studied by statisticians .
In the story of the Hockey Stick I spend quite a lot of time discussing a paper by two associates of Mann called Wahl and Amman , claiming they had replicated the Hockey Stick entirely .
McIntyre did a lot of work looking at their study , and one of the things he concluded was that their model failed the R2 test .
This meant it was not credible .
So if Wahl and Amman 's model was not credible , Mann 's was not either .
McIntyre put a lot of pressure on the journal that published it to publish the data and methodology , and they eventually agreed .
And it said the Hockey Stick passed that RE test .
There 's another really amazing story of how McIntyre found it did n't pass the RE test at all , but there had been a rather dubious , ad hoc adjustment made to the procedure to make it look as if it passed the RE test .
It really is the most extraordinary part of the story I think .
What did they do ?
This is where it gets quite technical .
With the RE statistic , the question is how high does it have to be before you decide your results are ' significant ' .
So you calculate a benchmark , which involves throwing random numbers into your model , instead of real data , to see how well that compares against the real temperatures .
What Wahl and Amman did in essence was not to take a random set of numbers , but a set of numbers that had been filtered in such a way that the benchmark for the RE became considerably lower , making the Hockey Stick look significant .
This was a procedure that was new , no one had ever seen it before , and it defeated the basic object of the analysis , which was to compare what you got with what you could get with random numbers .
So the methodology remains secret , but Mann has gone on to apply the Hockey Stick to different situations .
One of which is a Hockey Stick that did n't have tree proxies in it .
Mann has subsequently published new temperature reconstructions that all have Hockey Stick shapes , and these have been picked up by the media , and trumpeted as proof that the Hockey Stick despite its many flaws , was still OK .
There are many problems with these subsequent Hockey Sticks .
The paper Mann did in 2008 is particularly famous because it was discovered that in one of the proxies he was using , which was a lake sediment series [ varve ] from Scandinavia , the uptick or blade of the Hockey Stick was due to agriculture disturbance of the sediment rather than anything climatic .
But not only that , he'd got the segment upside - down anyway .
First Australia had its Nintendo Summit and then America has its Nintendo Summit .
Now Europe is having its ... Nintendo Summit .
Advertisement
For big titles like Super Mario Galaxy and Metroid Other M , Nintendo of Australia gave release dates like " mid-year " .
Advertisement
Super Mario Galaxy 2 will be released in North America on May 23 , but wo n't be out in Europe until May 23 .
Metroid : Other M will be out in North America on June 27 , but Nintendo dated the game for " third quarter " in Europe .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Monster Hunter
Tri will be out in Europe on April 23 , but will be released 3 days earlier on April 20 in North America .
Sin & Punishment : 2 will be released in North America as Sin & punishment : Star Successor on June 7 .
The game will be out earlier in Europe , getting released on May 7 .
The European Commission and US Department of Justice have both approved a Microsoft and Yahoo ! deal that will see the software giant acquire the internet search and search advertising businesses of Yahoo !.
In a statement on Thursday , the European Commission ( EC ) concluded that the market shares of both Microsoft and Yahoo ! were limited .
" In the EEA , Microsoft 's and Yahoo ! 's activities in internet search and online search advertising are very limited with combined market shares generally below 10 % .
Google , by contrast , generally enjoys market shares above 90 % " said an EC spokesperson .
" Implementation of the deal is expected to begin in the coming days and will involve transitioning Yahoo ! ’s algorithmic and paid search platforms to Microsoft , with Yahoo !
becoming the exclusive relationship sales force for both companies ’ premium search advertisers globally " said both companies in a joint statement .
Microsoft and Yahoo ! both announced the deal in July 2009 , seeking closure and approval for the deal in early 2010 .
In the coming months , Yahoo !
search results will be provided and branded with Bing , " powered by Bing " will likely begin to appear .
The term of the agreement is 10 years but each company will maintain its own separate display advertising business and sales force .
Rumours that the company would receive European approval circulated last week and many analysts forecast Thursday as the approval date .
Microsoft CEO
Steve Ballmer was upbeat about the deal approval .
“ Although we are just at the beginning of this process , we have reached an exciting milestone , ” Ballmer said .
“ I believe that together , Microsoft and Yahoo ! will promote more choice , better value and greater innovation to our customers as well as to advertisers and publishers . ”
Yahoo !
provided additional information about the coming integration .
In a blog posting , Shashi Seth , Senior VP of Yahoo !'s Search Products confirmed that basic search listings and ads will be provided by Microsoft .
" Yahoo ! will continue to enhance the search result listings as we do for people today " he said .
Seth also confirmed Yahoo ! will create ways to find things faster using Search Assist technology and weaving search more deeply into other Yahoo ! products .
Yahoo !
also said it would allow users to explore search results better by providing otpions for organizing search results pages or by showing users interesting search topics based on search results .
Productivity apps and other tools for search improvements are also expected to be in the works .
Both companies also launched searchalliance.com where they will detail their progress and provide updates for partners and Yahoo ! users in the near future .
Senator John McCain has reversed his position on the anti-gay Don't Ask Don't Tell policy .
Just four years ago he said he would vote to repeal the policy if military commanders said it was the right thing to do .
Now fast track to 2010 and top military leaders are calling for a repeal but McCain is saying he is against it .
Tell Senator McCain to follow the lead of military commanders in repealing DADT by using this HRC form .
1. Happier planet = happier people .
2 . You make a difference .
3 . Our culture is broken .
4 . The personal is political .
5. Economic growth ≠
Life satisfaction growth .
6 . Jobs are paramount but we should work to make our planetary home better not worse .
7 . The concept of zero sum game is for people with zero sum brains .
8 . There is a better , happier system out there .
9 . If thine eyes ( or thine economic system ) offends thee , pluck them ( or it ) out .
10 .
It ’s not about having less .
It ’s about having more .
The question is : more of what ?
11 . There is dis -ease in our culture .
People yearn for something better .
12 . People are trustworthy and altruistic and good and will do the right thing if you let them .
13 .
This does not deny the fact that normal people act abnormally in abnormal situations .
14 . Love and good company , the chance to be of service and to matter , connection to something bigger , the use of our most prized talents — these things make most people happier than stuff .
15 . Being responsible for the world is not a burden .
It is freedom from victimhood !
16 .
My happiness cannot be complete unless you are happy , too .
Raymond James strategist Jeff Saut -- who , to his credit has nailed the runup and the recent swoon -- remains bullish , but again warns this week that you should n't get greedy in this moment of market turmoil .
It should be noted , however , that in the summer of 2008 the leverage in the financial system was far greater than it is today ; and , the derivative “ spider web ” that had been knitted into balance sheets was legend .
As the brainy GaveKal folks observe , “ Almost every financial market participant is now operating with far less leverage and there are risk managers looming behind every equity
and bond trader . ”
Accordingly , we think the odds of another post - Lehman type of meltdown are de minimis .
Further , we believe the decline that began on January 20th is merely the normal correction everybody has been looking for since July .
Buttressing that view is the fact the advance / decline line is firm ( read : the breadth is still good ) , the number of new annual lows on the NYSE is not
expanding , the yield curve remains steep , none of our proprietary intermediate indicators have rendered a “ sell signal , ” and the list goes on .
All of this suggests the cyclical bull - market is still intact and stock prices should find support at , or above , the 200 - day moving average ( DMA ) , which is currently at approximately 1013 basis the S&P 500 ( SPX/1073.87 ) .
Moreover , readers of these
missives should not have been surprised by the recent stock slide .
Indeed , we have repeatedly written about how the first few weeks of the new year are littered with examples of “ head fakes , ” both
on the upside and the downside .
As well , history shows early January is also littered with “ trading tops . ”
Therefore , we counseled for caution upon entering 2010 and we have the hate mail to prove it .
...
The call for this week : Potentially , today is session 9 of a selling - stampede , which has often been chronicled in these reports .
Recall that such stampedes tend to last 17 to 25 sessions , with only one - to three - session counter - trend rallies , before they exhaust themselves on the downside .
The January “ stock sprawl ” has left all of the averages we follow down year - to - date , as well as below their respective December “ lows , ” thus evoking Lucien Hooper ’s warning , “ If the December low is violated any time in the first quarter of the new year , watch out ! ”
Accordingly , we remain cautious .
I dunno , I just got this idea yesterday while I was at a friend 's party .
I also would like to ask you guys not to start a flame war over the theory of evolution !
I just made this for fun , and I do n't need some uptight a - holes to get mad at each other over something so little .
Comments are appreciated , thank you .
Mudkip and Marshtomp © NintendoArt © * BrokenTeapot
Richard North 's revelations about Rajendra Pachauri , now apparently going under the monicker of " Patchygate " , have been delayed due to bad weather - really !
That said , they should be worth waiting for :
Business literature is packed with advice about worker motivation but sometimes managers are the problem , not the inspiration .
Here are seven practices to fire up the troops .
From Harvard Management Update .
by David Sirota , Louis A. Mischkind , and Michael Irwin Meltzer
Most companies have it all wrong .
They do n't have to motivate their employees .
They have to stop demotivating them .
The great majority of employees are quite enthusiastic when they start a new job .
But in about 85 percent of companies , our research finds , employees ' morale sharply declines after their first six months and continues to deteriorate for years afterward .
That finding is based on surveys of about 1.2 million employees at 52 primarily Fortune 1000 companies from 2001 through 2004 , conducted by Sirota Survey Intelligence ( Purchase , New York ) .
The fault lies squarely at the feet of management both the policies and procedures companies employ in managing their workforces and in the relationships that individual managers establish with their direct reports .
Our research shows how individual managers ' behaviors and styles are contributing to the problem ( see sidebar " How Management Demotivates " ) and what they can do to turn this around .
Three key goals of people at work
To maintain the enthusiasm employees bring to their jobs initially , management must understand the three sets of goals that the great majority of workers seek from their work and then satisfy those goals :
Equity :
To be respected and to be treated fairly in areas such as pay , benefits , and job security .
Achievement :
To be proud of one 's job , accomplishments , and employer .
Camaraderie :
To have good , productive relationships with fellow employees .
To maintain an enthusiastic workforce , management must meet all three goals .
Indeed , employees who work for companies where just one of these factors is missing are three times less enthusiastic than workers at companies where all elements are present .
One goal cannot be substituted for another .
Improved recognition cannot replace better pay , money cannot substitute for taking pride in a job well done , and pride alone will not pay the mortgage .
What individual managers can do
Satisfying the three goals depends both on organizational policies and on the everyday practices of individual managers .
If the company has a solid approach to talent management , a bad manager can undermine it in his unit .
On the flip side , smart and empathetic managers can overcome a great deal of corporate mismanagement while creating enthusiasm and commitment within their units .
While individual managers can't control all leadership decisions , they can still have a profound influence on employee motivation .
The most important thing is to provide employees with a sense of security , one in which they do not fear that their jobs will be in jeopardy if their performance is not perfect and one in which layoffs are considered an extreme last resort , not just another option for dealing with hard times .
But security is just the beginning .
When handled properly , each of the following eight practices will play a key role in supporting your employees ' goals for achievement , equity , and camaraderie , and will enable them to retain the enthusiasm they brought to their roles in the first place .
Achievement related
1. Instill an inspiring purpose .
A critical condition for employee enthusiasm is a clear , credible , and inspiring organizational purpose : in effect , a " reason for being " that translates for workers into a " reason for being there " that goes above and beyond money .
Every manager should be able to expressly state a strong purpose for his unit .
What follows is one purpose statement we especially admire .
It was developed by a three - person benefits group in a midsize firm .
Benefits are about people .
It 's not whether you have the forms filled in or whether the checks are written .
It 's whether the people are cared for when they 're sick , helped when they 're in trouble .
This statement is particularly impressive because it was composed in a small company devoid of high - powered executive attention and professional wordsmiths .
It was created in the type of department normally known for its fixation on bureaucratic rules and procedures .
It is a statement truly from the heart , with the focus in the right place : on the ends people rather than the means completing forms .
To maintain an enthusiastic workforce , management must meet all three goals .
Stating a mission is a powerful tool .
But equally important is the manager 's ability to explain and communicate to subordinates the reason behind the mission .
Can the manager of stockroom workers do better than telling her staff that their mission is to keep the room stocked ?
Can she communicate the importance of the job , the people who are relying on the stockroom being properly maintained , both inside and outside the company ?
The importance for even goods that might be considered prosaic to be where they need to be when they need to be there ?
That manager will go a long way toward providing a sense of purpose .
2. Provide recognition .
Managers should be certain that all employee contributions , both large and small , are recognized .
The motto of many managers seems to be , " Why would I need to thank someone for doing something he 's paid to do ? "
Workers repeatedly tell us , and with great feeling , how much they appreciate a compliment .
They also report how distressed they are when managers do n't take the time to thank them for a job well done yet are quick to criticize them for making mistakes .
Receiving recognition for achievements is one of the most fundamental human needs .
Rather than making employees complacent , recognition reinforces their accomplishments , helping ensure there will be more of them .
A pat on the back , simply saying " good going , " a dinner for two , a note about their good work to senior executives , some schedule flexibility , a paid day off , or even a flower on a desk with a thank - you note are a few of the hundreds of ways managers can show their appreciation for good work .
It works wonders if this is sincere , sensitively done , and undergirded by fair and competitive pay and not considered a substitute for it .
3 . Be an expediter for your employees .
Incorporating a command - and - control style is a sure - fire path to demotivation .
Instead , redefine your primary role as serving as your employees ' expediter :
It is your job to facilitate getting their jobs done .
Your reports are , in this sense , your " customers . "
Your role as an expediter involves a range of activities , including serving as a linchpin to other business units and managerial levels to represent their best interests and ensure your people get what they need to succeed .
How do you know , beyond what 's obvious , what is most important to your employees for getting their jobs done ?
Ask them !
" Lunch and schmooze " sessions with employees are particularly helpful for doing this .
And if , for whatever reason , you can't immediately address a particular need or request , be open about it and then let your workers know how you 're progressing at resolving their problems .
This is a great way to build trust .
4. Coach your employees for improvement .
A major reason so many managers do not assist subordinates in improving their performance is , simply , that they do n't know how to do this without irritating or discouraging them .
A few basic principles will improve this substantially .
First and foremost , employees whose overall performance is satisfactory should be made aware of that .
It is easier for employees to accept , and welcome , feedback for improvement if they know management is basically pleased with what they do and is helping them do it even better .
Space limitations prevent a full treatment of the subject of giving meaningful feedback , of which recognition is a central part , but these key points should be the basis of any feedback plan :
Performance feedback is not the same as an annual appraisal .
Give actual performance feedback as close in time to the occurrence as possible .
Use the formal annual appraisal to summarize the year , not surprise the worker with past wrongs .
Recognize that workers want to know when they have done poorly .
Do n't succumb to the fear of giving appropriate criticism ; your workers need to know when they are not performing well .
At the same time , do n't forget to give positive feedback .
It is , after all , your goal to create a team that warrants praise .
Comments concerning desired improvements should be specific , factual , unemotional , and directed at performance rather than at employees personally .
Avoid making overall evaluative remarks ( such as , " That work was shoddy " ) or comments about employees ' personalities or motives ( such as , " You 've been careless " ) .
Instead , provide specific , concrete details about what you feel needs to be improved and how .
Keep the feedback relevant to the employee 's role .
Do n't let your comments wander to anything not directly tied to the tasks at hand .
Listen to employees for their views of problems .
Employees ' experience and observations often are helpful in determining how performance issues can be best dealt with , including how you can be most helpful .
Remember the reason you 're giving feedback you want to improve performance , not prove your superiority .
So keep it real , and focus on what is actually doable without demanding the impossible .
Follow up and reinforce .
Praise improvement or engage in course correction while praising the effortas quickly as possible .
Do n't offer feedback about something you know nothing about .
Get someone who knows the situation to look at it .
Equity related
5. Communicate fully .
One of the most counterproductive rules in business is to distribute information on the basis of " need to know . "
It is usually a way of severely , unnecessarily , and destructively restricting the flow of information in an organization .
A command - and - control style is a sure - fire path to demotivation .
Workers ' frustration with an absence of adequate communication is one of the most negative findings we see expressed on employee attitude surveys .
What employees need to do their jobs and what makes them feel respected and included dictate that very few restrictions be placed by managers on the flow of information .
Hold nothing back of interest to employees except those very few items that are absolutely confidential .
Good communication requires managers to be attuned to what employees want and need to know ; the best way to do this is to ask them !
Most managers must discipline themselves to communicate regularly .
Often it 's not a natural instinct .
Schedule regular employee meetings that have no purpose other than two - way communication .
Meetings among management should conclude with a specific plan for communicating the results of the meetings to employees .
And tell it like it is .
Many employees are quite skeptical about management 's motives and can quickly see through " spin . "
Get continual feedback on how well you and the company are communicating .
One of the biggest communication problems is the assumption that a message has been understood .
Follow - up often finds that messages are unclear or misunderstood .
Companies and managers that communicate in the ways we describe reap large gains in employee morale .
Full and open communication not only helps employees do their jobs but also is a powerful sign of respect .
6 . Face up to poor performance .
Identify and deal decisively with the 5 percent of your employees who do n't want to work .
Most people want to work and be proud of what they do ( the achievement need ) .
But there are employees who are , in effect , " allergic " to work they 'll do just about anything to avoid it .
They are unmotivated , and a disciplinary approach including dismissal is about the only way they can be managed .
It will raise the morale and performance of other team members to see an obstacle to their performance removed .
Camaraderie related
7. Promote teamwork .
Most work requires a team effort in order to be done effectively .
Research shows repeatedly that the quality of a group 's efforts in areas such as problem solving is usually superior to that of individuals working on their own .
In addition , most workers get a motivation boost from working in teams .
Whenever possible , managers should organize employees into self - managed teams , with the teams having authority over matters such as quality control , scheduling , and many work methods .
Such teams require less management and normally result in a healthy reduction in management layers and costs .
Creating teams has as much to do with camaraderie as core competences .
A manager needs to carefully assess who works best with whom .
At the same time , it is important to create the opportunity for cross-learning and diversity of ideas , methods , and approaches .
Be clear with the new team about its role , how it will operate , and your expectations for its output .
Related to all three factors
8. Listen and involve .
Employees are a rich source of information about how to do a job and how to do it better .
This principle has been demonstrated time and again with all kinds of employees from hourly workers doing the most routine tasks to high - ranking professionals .
Managers who operate with a participative style reap enormous rewards in efficiency and work quality .
Participative managers continually announce their interest in employees ' ideas .
They do not wait for these suggestions to materialize through formal upward communication or suggestion programs .
They find opportunities to have direct conversations with individuals and groups about what can be done to improve effectiveness .
They create an atmosphere where " the past is not good enough " and recognize employees for their innovativeness .
Participative managers , once they have defined task boundaries , give employees freedom to operate and make changes on their own commensurate with their knowledge and experience .
Indeed , there may be no single motivational tactic more powerful than freeing competent people to do their jobs as they see fit .
2009 Darwin Awards Honoring Charles Darwin , the father of evolution , Darwin Awards commemorate those who improve our gene pool -- by removing themselves from it in the most spectacular way possible .
Mock Death 2009 Darwin Award Winner
Confirmed True by Darwin
But there was no evidence of fighting or struggling around the body -- only the knife wounds on his shoulder and neck .
Puzzled , inspectors analysed Thierry 's cell phone calls .
He had recently reconnected with an old friend , a fact that intrigued Inspector Clouseau .
I mean , Commissioner Lamoque .
Childhood friend , lost sight of for ten years , back in touch ?
Lamoque asked the 42 - year - old friend in for a chat about the roadside aggression .
Turns out the dead man was aggrieved regarding insurance money he felt was owed , but never paid , after his restaurant burned two years before .
He had asked his old friend to bring him a knife and a jerrycan of fuel , and leave him alone on the motorway : a man with a plan to get the insurance money one way or another .
The " victim " then set his car on fire , called police , and stabbed himself , accidentally cutting an artery in his own neck .
By the time his simulated act of violence was over , he was over too , face against the ground ten yards from his burned car .
Roll credits on this little drama .
Reader comment : " Mock aggression mocks death "
ORIGINAL SUBMISSION
0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10
Forwards
Canada has the deepest group of forwards in the entire tournament .
They boast eight of the NHL ’s top - 30 scorers , while the U.S. only has four .
Their fourth line even has Rick Nash playing on it .
Their strength is definitely at centre where they can afford to play Joe Thornton on the third line ( behind Crosby and Getzlaf ) .
Each Canadian forward is capable of scoring goals , which allows Canada to role four dangerous lines .
While the US does have some top - tier talent ( Parise , Kane ) , they have much less firepower than the Canadians and must work much harder to generate their offense .
In fact , the leading American scorer is defenceman Brian Rafalski ( 4 goals and 4 assists ) .
Edge : Canada
Defence
Canada ’s defence is so deep that they left Mike Green off the roster .
Green surely would be a top - pairing defenceman on any other team in the tournament .
Drew Doughty and Duncan Keith are playing the most minutes and both look like Norris candidates .
Shea Weber and his cannon - shot add a dangerous element from the point and if the Canadians are brave enough to screen Miller this could spell trouble for the Americans .
The only weak spot has been Pronger and Niedermayer who have played inconsistently , but have looked better the past few games .
The Americans blue - line is much less heralded than the Canadians , but has been rock solid .
Brian Rafalski looks 10 years younger and is having a fantastic tournament .
So much so that he 's actually leading the tournament in points .
It ’s possible that Ryan Miller is making the U.S. defence look much better than it really is .
I ’m not convinced that Jack Johnson and his - 12 comprise an actual shut - down defencemen .
Edge : Canada
Goaltending
The U.S. have the best goalie in the league .
Ryan Miller has let in only five goals all tournament .
Roberto Luongo has let in five goals the past two games .
Miller could be the 2010 version of 1998 Dominik Hasek .
That ’s how well this guy is playing .
The more saves he makes he seems to get into a zone where he knows he can't be beat .
It 's really frightening .
Luongo looked solid against Russia , but was inconsistent against Slovakia .
The first goal Visnovsky scored was horrible and allowed Slovakia back into a crucial game ( understatement ) .
Although , he made up for this gaff by completely robbing the Slovakians within the dying seconds to preserve the Canadian win .
I ’m sure the American fans are much more comfortable with their goaltending situation than Canadians are .
Edge : USA
Special Teams
Both power - plays have struggled , although their percentage actually looks pretty good .
But I guess everyone thinks you should score more when you put five superstars on the ice .
Canada has scored 7 power - play goals in 24 opportunities over 6 games ( 29.17 % ) , while the U.S. has scored 6 goals in 21 opportunities over 5 games ( 28.57 % ) .
Penalty killing is n’t much different .
Canada has only allowed 2 power - play goals against ( 88.24 % efficiency ) , while the U.S. have allowed 3 goals ( 76.92 % efficiency ) .
Canada averages about 6 penalties a game , while the U.S. averages 5 .
Edge : Even
Coaching
I do n’t think coaching will be a big factor in this game , but it will certainly play a role .
Ron Wilson is showing that he is still capable of coaching a team with actual hockey players on it , but he was run out of San Jose for not being able to lead a stacked Sharks team to a Stanley Cup ( yes , Canada ’s Thornton and Marleau are big reasons for this ) .
His counterpart , Mike Babcock , is the best coach in the league .
He ( well , J.S. Giguere ) took a surprising Mighty Ducks team to the seventh game of the 2003 Stanley Cup , his Red Wings won the 2008 Stanley Cup , and he led them back there last Spring .
One criticism is that he left Marty Brodeur in for one goal too long against the States .
Edge : Canada
Chemistry
The US look like a team that have played together for an entire year .
The lines are working fantastically .
There has n’t been a point in the tournament where they have looked out of sync .
Canada ’s chemistry was more of a work - in - progress .
It ’s steadily improved as the tournament has progressed and they seemingly now have their lines set .
The coaching staff has finally settled on line mates for Sidney Crosby ( Iginla and Staal ) and Getzlaf and Perry ( Morrow ) .
This has solidified the lines and provided instant chemistry .
This is close , but the US have been playing like a team all tournament , while Canada just gelled a few games ago .
Edge : USA
How they got here
The US has yet to lose in the tournament and received a bye to the finals after defeating Canada last Sunday .
They only beat the Swiss 2 - 0 in their quarter - final matchup , but this was largely based on the stellar performance of Jonas Hiller , rather than any fault of the Americans .
They followed up this performance by absolutely killing Finland .
The game was over after 15 minutes .
The Fins packed it in and the Americans coasted the rest of the way to victory .
Whether this is a good thing or not is unknown .
Canada faced a Slovakian team that competed the entire 60 minutes and were inches away from tying the game within the final 10 seconds .
It was a nail biter and not exactly the way Canada wanted to end a pretty complete game , but it ’s possible the stiffer competition will help the Canadians against the Americans .
Although , facing Belarus in the semi-finals in 2002 did n’t seem to harm Canada .
Edge : USA
Psychological
The US has a decided edge in this department .
First , they ’ve already beaten the Canadians .
Plus , every minute that passes without a Canadian goal the entire building will be on edge .
This is a very , very nervous crowd .
They are loud and raucous , but everyone is so scared of the possibility that Canada wo n’t win gold .
If this is how the fans feel then I can’t imagine how the Canadian players feel .
They have the weight of an entire nation on their shoulders .
The Olympics have turned out pretty successfully for Canada , but men ’s hockey gold will determine whether or not they really are .
The pressure is enormous .
America has no pressure .
Despite winning every game of the tournament they are still the underdog and have nothing to lose .
Edge : USA
Experience / Leadership
Nine American players have played in the conference finals , while Canada has 16 .
America has four Stanley Cup winners ( Drury , Rafalski , Langenbrunner , and Orpik ) , while Canada has nine ( Brodeur , Fleury , Staal , Crosby , Getzlaf , Perry , Pronger , Boyle , and Niedermayer ) .
I guess Brodeur and Fleury do n’t really count since they are n’t playing , but they certainly add to a culture of winning within the dressing room .
Edge : Canada
This is going to be a great game .
This is the most excited I 've been for a hockey game in a long , long time .
The finals are set for Olympic men ’s hockey gold .
Both teams took very different paths to the final game .
USA were major underdogs before the tournament started and did everything but lose a game .
They beat Canada in a major upset last Sunday and quickly dismembered Finland in their semi-final game Friday .
I left work early in hopes of catching a great hockey game .
I got home at the end of the first period and by that time it was long gone .
Canada makes the finals under a little more adversity .
They were pre-tournament favourites and barely beat a competitive Swiss team before falling to the Americans in the preliminaries .
They absolutely destroyed the Russians in the most shocking Olympic matchup since Belarus - Sweden in 2002 and then barely squeaked out a semi-final victory over Slovakia in a game that took 3 years off my life .
Sunday ’s matchup will conclude what is one of the most entertaining hockey tournaments ever played .
There were a ton of overtime games , a few shoot - outs , a couple of upsets , and the fastest hockey I have ever seen .
Even the bottom teams played hard and when they played each other they provided fantastic games that kept me enthralled .
Who knew Norway - Switzerland could be so exciting ?
So , to prepare for the big game I think it ’s appropriate to break it down , DX style ( more like Bill Simmons style , but whatever ) .
占いは、古くから人々の生活に溶け込んでいたものでした。
それは古代から続くもので、民族の風習などにも息づいているものでもあり、女の子のおまじない的なものであったり、テレビや雑誌のコーナーなどによく出てくる占いコーナーのようなポップなものであったり、果ては国の重大な決定事に利用されたりと、人々は、この占いという手段を通じて、「道しるべ」を作りだしてきたのです。最近では占いは身近になったのではないでしょうか。
神聖な儀式などでも使われたりする占いは、宗教観的なものにも結びつくこともあるのでしょうし、あくまで経験則から来る占いもあります。その種類は、まさに豊富な種類ということになります。
人の運命や将来を占うものから、その日の結婚運や、一日の運だけを占うものなど、実に様々なものがあります。
その占いの手法も多彩です。タロットカードなどの様に、道具で占うものもありますし、占い師という人間一人のみによって占う方法、さらには、自然や天候・誰が考えたのか、宇宙の星たちを用いて占いを行う方法だってあります。
実に様々な占いがありますが、結局は、人々は、先々の事を知りたがっていること・そして、それを知る方法として、占いを用いていること、そして、占いを用いて、自然や何らかの事象を元に占っているようで、実は人間自身が判断して、それぞれの出来事を行ってきた・・と、僕は思っています。それは、ものすごく深いことなのですね。
このページでは、そういった様々な占いをご紹介していくことで、皆様に占いのことについて興味を持っていただくという趣旨で作られた、占い総合情報サイトであります。
一部微妙なところもありますが、その辺は許してやってつかぁさい（笑
それでは、このサイトを充分に楽しんでいってくださいね！
” 命・ト・ 相 ” 別の占いの種類（これからも続々追加していきます。）
命（めい） 星座占い
星座によって占うものです。テレビや雑誌にも多い、ポピュラーな種類なのでは無いでしょうか。
星座によって占うものです。テレビや雑誌にも多い、ポピュラーな種類なのでは無いでしょうか。 四柱推命
六星占術
あの細木数子さんが使っているものとして有名です。
あの細木数子さんが使っているものとして有名です。 紫微斗数
数秘術
占星術
西洋占星術（ホロスコープ）
九星気学
動物占い
算命学
0学占 い
血液型占 い
もっとも、私たちに身近な存在ですね。
もっとも、私たちに身近な存在ですね。 誕生日占い
誕生日によって占う種類のものです。 卜（ぼく） 六爻占術
周易
断易（五行易、鬼谷易）
梅花心易
コイン占 い
六壬神課
太乙神数
奇門遁甲
ルーン占 い
タロット占 い
絵柄や、デザイン・から の ” 暗示 ” を読み取ります 。
絵柄や、デザイン・からの ” 暗示 ” を読み取ります。 ダイス占 術
ジプシー占 い
水晶占い
ホラリー占星 術
ダウジン グ
御神籤（おみくじ ）
神社にあるものですね。初詣など、神社に行くたびに引いている人も多いのではないでしょうか？
神社にあるものですね。初詣など、神社に行くたびに引いている人も多いのではないでしょうか？ 阿弥陀籤（あみだくじ）
辻占い（辻占、つじうら）
花びら占い 相 姓名判 断
人の名前から、その人の性格などを占うものです。
人の名前から、その人の性格などを占うものです。 手相占い
手相は人生の様々な運命や、性格などを広範囲に占うことができます。ますかけ線を持っている人は要チェック！
手相は人生の様々な運命や、性格などを広範囲に占うことができます。ますかけ線を持っている人は要チェック！ 人相占い
印相占い
別名、印鑑占いとも呼ばれています。
別名、印鑑占いとも呼ばれています。 名刺相占い
夢占い
風水
風水は、地理風水・陰宅風水・陽宅風水の3つから成り立っているものです。その住宅。または土地の ” 気” の流れに沿って、その住宅や土地の運気を上げていこうというものです・・。
風水は、地理風水・陰宅風水・陽宅風水の3つから成り立っているものです。その住宅。または土地の ” 気” の流れに沿って、その住宅や土地の運気を上げていこうというものです・・。 家相
墓相
おすす めWEBサイト 5 選
最終更新 日:2020/9/4
These wonderful posters are by an artist called Jamie Bolton .
They sum up each of the films in an amazing minimalist style .
I would love to have them all on my wall ( Check out the cool minimalist Star Wars travel posters as well ) .
You can purchase prints of them over at ShootTheGlass for £ 10.00 each .
Source : / Film
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
At Microsoft 's X10 event this week , Lionhead and Peter Molyneux will be bringing a demonstration of Fable III along for the ride .
And according to Molyneux , notorious for making bold statements , you have no idea what you 're in for .
" There 's some very , very big things happening in Fable III , " he told Game Reactor in Copenhagen last week , " and it 's really going to upset people .
I 'm really scared when I go out and tell people what it is [ that ] they 're going to get super pissed off .
They really are . "
But he adds , " it 's the right thing to do , man .
I 'm sure it 's the right thing to do . "
We already know that Fable III will support Project Natal is some way , and it's likely that this announcement ( which will be demonstrated at X10 ) has some connection .
While I can't begin to guess the specifics , I 'd guess that it 's likely that Natal will be required in order to play Fable III ... and yeah , that would probably piss a few people off .
X10 takes place this Thursday , February 11 in San Francisco , and we 'll be there to deliver the news to you .
Sorry ahead of time if it pisses you off .
Artists are usually ahead of the curve when it comes to being green .
The artists featured here exclusively use recycled and / or trash to make pieces of contemporary art .
These artists practice the art of “ upcycling ” , or literally turning everyday trash into creative treasures .
While Andy Warhol may have made the idea popular with his famous Campbell ’s soup can exhibit , today ’s trash artists bring more of an eco street cred to their art .
Some create compositions from recycled plastic bag or themed works for art galleries , while others create entire theme parks with trash , and even furniture from recycled materials .
There seems to be no end to what kind of art you can create with the most cost - effective medium available ; trash .
Here are some stunning examples of trash art …
Tim Nobel & Sue Webster
Tim and Sue met while they were studying Fine Arts in University together .
Now they are best known for their art made from trash collected from the London streets , which shows an image when light is projected in front of it .
Vik Muniz
The author arranges all of the pieces carefully , photographs the collages , and then destroys them so that they only exist as photographs .
Muniz also mixes junk with luxury goods such as caviar in his collages to make a statement about consumerism .
Bernard Pras
Pras creates tributes to celebrity portraits and other works of art through a process called anamorphosis , during which he stacks everyday objects on a photograph to form a collage .
Sarah - Jane van der Westhuizen
The art is created from old car parts , recycled metal pieces , and anything the artist could get her hands on .
Van der Westhuizen has installed several of these trash sculptures all over Europe .
David Mach
Hundreds of used coathangers go into the sculpture work of David Mach , who uses other recycled materials to do larger - than - life sculptures .
This gorilla is one of his most impressive examples .
Frank Russell
The shark piece below , Captain Crunch , was constructed from hubcaps , food packaging tins , and the leg of a male mannequin .
The fins are copper and the teeth are soup cans .
It is ten feet long .
Russell specializes in these sculptures produced from found objects .
Tim Gaudreau
Gaudreau ’s work combines photography , video , new - media , graphics , and sculpture with humor and irony to create collaborations that advocate for a greater awareness of eco-issues and empowerment .
Gaudreau photographed everything he threw out every day for a year .
The resulting collage was huge and filled a few rooms at the gallery it was exhibited in .
Mario Caicedo Langer
Langer creates sculpture from trash and broken gadgets .
Dave Hind
Dave is a Hamilton , Ontario artist who specializes in reclaimed metal and other found objects in his works .
He also produces large - scale sculpture and functional artwork .
Jason Mercier
Mercier specializes in celebrity collages done with the celebrity ’s own discarded objects .
While Hello Kitty likely did n’t discard any objects , Donald Trump and Mariah Carey probably did .
Tom Deininger
Deininger is widely known as a famous artist who upcycles junk into fine art installations .
He is also a highly regarded and collected visual artist .
Michelle Stitzlein
Stitzlein creates art from found materials such as piano keys , broken china , and other recycled items .
Kitty Wales
Wales has been created sculptures , designs , and installations for the last fifteen years that centre on her observations of the animal world .
The material that she uses to created her various animal sculptures is salvaged from everyday domestic life .
Mark Langan
Langan creates art from reclaimed cardboard and other materials .
Scream was created from corrugated cardboard and other recycled materials .
Langan works with non-toxic glue , an exacto knife , and a lot of patience .
Robert Bradford
Bradford , a former psychotherapist , is best known for creating sculptures from toy parts .
He screws the toy parts onto a wooden armature to create his 3D sculptures .
Subodh Gupta
Brass pots and eerie skulls from a mashup of metal parts are just part of what this skilled Indian artist has done .
Ha Schult
Schult is known for creating massive installations of people constructed from trash in major locations around the world .
Here are just a few of them .
Tyree Guyton
Guyton created the Heidelburg Project as an urban renewal project , transforming a rundown section of Detroit from a place where people were afraid to walk to an art exhibition that people wanted to visit .
Elizabeth Lundberg Morisette
ClementineMom on Flickr , Morisette specializes in making art from items she purchases off of eBay or otherwise found objects .
Charles Kaufman
Kaufman ’s crushed can art is done on crushed soda and beer cans .
Chris Jordan
Jordan ’s Running the Numbers series aims to display America ’s relationship with consumerism .
While he does n’t physically make art from trash , he does showcase the wastefulness of a consumerist society eloquently .
The first image , Plastic Bottles , is a shot of 2 million plastic bottles shows how many plastic bottles Americans go through in five minutes .
The second , Packing Peanuts is a photograph of 166,000 packing peanuts , or the number of overnight packages shipped by air every hour .
The third image , is a recreation of Seurat ’s masterpiece , A Sunday Afternoon on the Island of Grand Jatte , done with 106,000 aluminum cans .
A closeup of the work is immediately beneath it .
Gugger Petter
This artist creates two and three - dimensional collages from newspaper .
Ptolemy Elrington
While he built his reputation creating creatures from hubcaps , Elrington has since branched out into grocery cart parts and old pots and pans .
Nek Chand
About 40 years ago , Chand cleared some jungle to build a garden in his native India .
He put together a few sculptures using found materials and old trash .
Now , his “ garden ” covers 40 acres and includes numerous mosaics and sculptures made from reclaimed materials .
Yong Ho Ji
Yong makes sculptures out of old tires .
He sees tires as a symbol of out - of - control consumerism .
Carolien Adriaansche
A Dutch artist , Adriaansche creates colourful pieces that are put together from every day trash such as bottle caps , wire , sticks , and cleaning bottles .
Steven Siegel
Siegel creates large trash forms and places them in the middle of various landscapes .
Electronic waste on the Stanford campus and newspapers with headlines about Hurricane Katrina feature prominently in the following installations .
What do you think of this type of art ?
Do you know of any other great artists ?
Please share with us …
For the past few weeks rumours have been flying around that Campos and USF1 may ask to miss the first three races of the season .
What we did n't know until now is that not only are these two teams perfectly entitled to do this under the new Concorde Agreement , but so is any team on the grid .
This staggering news comes straight from the mouth of Bernie Ecclestone speaking to Pitpass ' business editor today in the Express .
" I think we wo n't see Campos and I do n't think we will see the Americans ... they are going to ask to miss three races , " says Ecclestone adding " in the Concorde Agreement the teams are allowed to miss three races . "
Aguri Suzuki must be wishing he had signed this version of the contract .
The clause keeps the door open for F1's new entries but it could also give the sport a patchwork grid with teams coming and going depending on whether they can afford to race .
It could dent interest in the sport as Ecclestone indicates by asking , " what if Ferrari miss three races ? "
It could also see the company Ecclestone runs paying hefty fines if it breaches its contract with the FIA which grants it the commercial rights to the sport .
According to company documents , under this contract Ecclestone 's company is committed " to use its reasonable endeavours to procure the participation of at least 16 cars per Grand Prix . "
In the past 12 months Honda , BMW and Toyota have pulled out of the sport due to the high cost of competition which averages $ 270 m per team .
However , missing the more expensive long haul races may be a way for teams which are close to the wall , and not likely to score points , to reduce costs and remain in the sport .
Stefan Grand Prix based in Serbia is ready to take the position of any team which drops out and , according to Ecclestone , " they are going to take over Toyota completely .
The team and motorhomes . "
He adds that " they have got the money from the government , I 've spoken to the prime minister . "
However there is no space on the grid for the team so , as Ecclestone says , " they are ready to rock and roll but they 've not got an entry . "
Until Stefan gets the slot one imagines that the Serbian government wo n't be handing over the cash and , having filed a complaint against the FIA with the European Commission , it 's hard to imagine the team getting a slot .
Stefan is n't the only team which may be hurting according to Ecclestone who says that he thinks Mercedes ' withdrawal of its stake in McLaren will hurt the Woking team .
Ecclestone also suggests that just as the new teams may miss races , so too may he miss instalments on the $ 10 m payment to them .
" Maybe we can miss a few races , " he says adding that the money will only begin to be paid if the teams start racing .
He has a simple solution to minimise the number of team personnel at the races and cut costs for not only the new teams , but the existing ones as well - " very easy , do n't give them passes so do n't let them in . "
As ever , Ecclestone holds all the keys .
Microsoft has managed to do what a roomful of secretive , three - letter government agencies have wanted to do for years : get the whistleblowing , government - document sharing site Cryptome shut down .
Microsoft dropped a DMCA notice alleging copyright infringement on Cryptome 's proprietor John Young on Tuesday after he posted a Microsoft surveillance compliance document that the company gives to law enforcement agents seeking information on Microsoft users .
Young filed a counterclaim on Wednesday – arguing he had a fair use to publishing the document , a full day before the Thursday deadline set by his hosting provider , Network Solutions .
Regardless , Cryptome was shut down by Network Solutions and its domain name locked on Wednesday – shuttering a site that thumbed its nose at the government since 1996 – posting thousands of documents that the feds would prefer never saw the light of day .
Microsoft did not return a call for comment by press time .
The 22 - page document ( .pdf ) contains no trade secrets , but will tell Microsoft users things they did n't know .
( You can read it directly on your own computer from the above link , or read it inline below . )
For instance , Xbox Live records every IP address you ever use to login and stores them for perpetuity .
While that 's going to be creepy for some , there 's an upside if your house gets robbed , according to the document : " If your investigation involves a stolen Xbox console , if the console serial number or Xbox LIVE user gamertag is provided and the console has been connected to the Internet , IP connection records may be available . "
The Microsoft® Online Services Global Criminal Compliance Handbook ( .pdf ) also goes so far as to provide sample language for subpoenas and diagrams on how to understand server logs .
Other things you might not know and which Microsoft ( sometimes oddly ) does n't want you to know ?
Microsoft retains only the last 10 login records for Windows Live ID .
As for your instant messages , it tells police that it keeps no record of what anyone says over Microsoft Messenger - though it will turn over who is on your buddy list .
And if you like to use Microsoft 's social networking products – like its old - school Group mailing list or its Facebook - like Spaces product , be aware that it 's very social when it comes to law enforcement or court subpoenas .
As Microsoft tells potential subpoenaees , " when you are looking for information on a specific incident like a photo posting or message posting , please request all group content and logs .
We can not retrieve single incident data . "
The same holds for Spaces – if you are interested in a single picture , just request the entire thing .
Call it Subpoena 2.0 .
The compliance handbook is just the latest in a series of leaks of similar documents from other companies .
Yahoo , like Microsoft , reacted as if its secret sauce had somehow been spilled by letting curious users know the hows and whys of how the companies deal with lawful surveillance requests .
Google , for all its crusading for internet freedom , refuses to say how often law enforcement comes searching for user data .
The one company who has had a stand - up policy for years is the Cox Communications ' ISP , which has had this information and their price list public for years .
But hypocrisy is the name of the game for giant internet companies like Yahoo , Microsoft and Google that want us to entrust large portions of our lives to Gmail , Yahoo Mail , Buzz , Xbox , Hotmail , Messenger , Google Groups .
When it comes to the most basic information about how , why and how often our data is subpoenaed and collected without our knowledge , these online innovators resort to lawyers , abusive legal process and double - talk .
Photo : Emma Swann
See Also :
SAN FRANCISCO  Google said Wednesday that it would offer ultrahigh - speed Internet access in some communities in a test that could showcase the kinds of things that would be possible if the United States had faster broadband networks .
In Google ’s vision of the future of the Internet , the live streaming of 3 - D medical images from a rural health clinic to a specialized medical center or the downloading of a full - length movie in a matter of minutes would become commonplace .
But Google ’s promise to build the demonstration network is also the latest example of the Internet search company using its money and industry clout to help shape the future of the Internet to its liking .
Google has long been unhappy with the state of broadband in America , where speeds lag far behind those of other developed countries .
It announced the plan for its high - speed network , which would be open to other companies wanting to offer Internet service , just as federal regulators were debating new rules for the Internet and preparing a national broadband plan commissioned by Congress that could call for higher - speed networks to be available nationwide .
Jacob Viner was an important historian of economic thought , and an early Chicago - schooler .
He was one of Friedman ’s profs , and his article on “ Adam Smith and Laissez Faire ” is both a citation classic and an excellent , nuanced read .
After reading that , I was delighted to come across a much later ( 1960 ) piece in the Journal of Law and Economics , about “ The Intellectual History of Laissez Faire ” .
Viner traces the pre-history of Laissez - Faire through Greek and Roman times up through the Christian middle ages , 18th and 19th century political economy , all the way up to the 20th century .
Viner ’s treatment is fun , and insightful , tracing notions of justice , fair price , and government .
In the end , Viner argues that “ laissez faire ” and its opponents have more in common than we might think .
The arguments between the two sides are much more about facts than principles .
For example ,
“ Even between extreme mercantilists and extreme advocates of laissez faire the difference in avowed general principle might consist only in that the mercantilist would stress the duty of intervention unless , by exception , good reason existed for leaving things alone , while the laissez faire doctrinaire would insist that the government should leave things alone unless by exception special reasons existed why it should intervene . ” ( 56 )
In general , I ’ve thought it a shame that more sociologists do n’t study enough economics to learn its language .
I think economists have incredibly useful tools for describing the failure of markets .
For example , externalities are a powerful concept .
Recoded in the language of economists , I think one major difference between sociologists and economics is that economists think that externalities are relatively rare , mostly small in magnitude , and difficult to resolve in a manner more satisfactory than simply leaving things the way they are .
Economists will champion one or two externalities – e.g.
Mankiw ’s quest to pass a Pigouvian carbon tax – but mostly think things work well as is .
Sociologists , on the other hand , think externalities are pervasive , large in magnitude , and worth at least attempting to resolve through collective action through the state or otherwise .
Viner provides a bit of ammunition for the sociological side in a quote near the end , which I particularly enjoyed .
In addition to externalities , Viner also notes the tension in laissez faire presented by the tendency of capitalists to create monopolies .
Many authors railed against monopolies in theory , but then ignored the fact of monopoly in their empirical analyses .
Viner argues :
In any case , monopoly is so prevalent in the markets of the western world today that discussion of the merits of the free competitive market as if that were what we were living with or were at all likely to have the good fortune to live within the future seem to me academic in the only pejorative sense of that adjective . ( 66 )
Oh , Snap !
Another way of saying this :
We ’re not in Adam Smith ’s world any more , Toto !
Battling Drugs in the Americas ' The Military Is Not Suited to Pursue Criminals '
Drug -related violence is once again on the rise in Latin America .
Former Brazilian President Fernando Henrique Cardoso , 78 , told SPIEGEL that the drug war has failed and that it is time to try a new strategy : decriminalization .
Domai Legend has it took more than 700 years to complete the Library of Alexandria , a wonder of the ancient world and what is widely believed to be its largest library .
Remarkably it has only taken Eolake Stobblehouse , the founder of Domai.com , ten years to create a comprehensive encyclopaedia of nude photography which , I am sure you will agree , is an infinitely more interesting monument .
What you see before you is but a sample of the more than 20,500 nudes available in the members ' area of Domai.com ...
Legend has it took more than 700 years to complete the Library of Alexandria , a wonder of the ancient world and what is widely believed to be its largest library .
Remarkably it has only taken Eolake Stobblehouse , the founder of Domai.com , ten years to create a comprehensive encyclopaedia of nude photography which , I am sure you will agree , is an infinitely more interesting monument .
What you see before you is but a sample of the more than 20,500 nudes available in the members ' area of Domai.com .
The site also comes with a regular members ' newsletter and the guarantee of three updates a week ; a fact that will surely please true fans and promises to see the site grow even more in the future .
Despite being named after the ironic acronym ' Dirty Old Men Association International ' DOMAI 's pictures stand out as testament to the site 's motto of ' tasteful photos of beautiful women ' - every one of its massive array of photo galleries is tastefully done with excellent photography and lighting behind it to boot .
By the same token , for those who prefer to see models given more - ahem - explicit treatment in their photo shoots , DOMAI may prove something of a disappointment but it 's difficult to see how anyone who is a fan of this genre will not be completely satisfied by what they have to offer .
hide review
On Friday , February 5 , 2010 , two of my passions collided : Photography and craft - brewed beer .
A couple of weeks ago I contacted Peter Egelston , President of Smuttynose Brewery in Portsmouth , NH about photographing their operation to feed my hobby .
After review my work , Peter graciously extend an invitation to me and my camera .
Coincidently , they had already scheduled a Big Beer Subscriber Social for February 5th .
As a subscriber , I planned on attending the social and pick up the case of Imperial Stout , the first of nine specially brewed beers that comprise Big Beer Series .
The timing was perfect !
A couple of hours of Photography , then a sampling of New England ’s finest craft beers !
The featured image above is a shot of some of their many fermentation tanks .
The newer tanks in the foreground lead to the bright USSR themed tank , one of their original four horizontal fermentation tanks .
In a previous life , those original tanks were used in the dairy industry .
Smuttynose was founded in 994 has been growing steadily since .
They ’ve earned a reputation as one of the finest craft brewers in the country .
They are rapidly outgrowing their Portsmouth home .
Later this year they will be breaking ground for a new facility , complete with restaurant and pub , in Hampton NH .
I like that … its closer for me .
I highly recommend their Big A IPA .
If you see anything of their Big Beer Series , sold in 22 ounce bottles , grab one .
Especially their Gravitation !
My thanks to Peter Egelston for his hospitality and trust .
He allowed me to run around the plant with my camera and tripod , completely unsupervised .
Here are more images from the Smuttynose Brewery :
The pope called for respect of all people without discrimination and the protection of children from war and violence today as he celebrated the start of the new year .
The first day of the year is also the Roman Catholic church 's World Day of Peace , and the pontiff issued an appeal to all armed groups to " stop , reflect and abandon the way of violence " , even if it seems impossible .
" You will feel in your hearts the joy of peace , which you have perhaps long forgotten , " he said during the Angelus prayer .
He said peace began by recognising that men were brothers , not rivals or enemies .
" Peace begins with a look of respect that recognises in another man 's face a person , regardless of the colour of his skin , nationality , language or religion , " he said during a mass in St Peter 's Basilica .
The value of respect for all should be taught from an early age , he said .
Noting that classes containing children of different backgrounds were common , he said that " their faces are a prophecy of the kind of humanity we are called upon to create : a family of families and peoples . "
The 82 - year - old put children , especially those hurt by conflict or forced to leave their homes , at the heart of his call for peace .
He said they made it evident that men were brothers because " despite differences , they cry and laugh the same way , have the same needs , communicate spontaneously , play together " .
The painful images of children at the mercy of war and violence , their faces " disfigured by pain and desperation , " were a silent appeal for peace , he said .
The pope celebrated the mass a week after he was knocked down by a woman on Christmas Eve .
He was unhurt in the fall and has kept up his busy holiday schedule .
In his comments , Benedict also renewed his call to protect the environment , saying that the degradation of man leads to the degradation of the planet .
The Vatican has been forced to defend itself over abuse cases
The Vatican is breaking its silence on the previously taboo subject of paedophilia , following allegations of sexual abuse by Catholic priests in Germany .
As the Pope has now become embroiled in the scandal , the BBC's David Willey questions whether he has been doing his job properly .
During four decades of reporting from the Vatican , I have never seen a graver crisis affecting the very credibility of the leadership of the world 's longest surviving international organisation , the Roman Catholic Church .
In recent weeks , Pope Benedict has had to deal with some very serious allegations .
They have been documented in two official Dublin government reports on scandals concerning the way his Church leaders in Ireland have systematically played down reported cases of clerical sexual abuse of minors .
The Pope has been busy writing new instructions to the clergy and faithful of traditionally Catholic Ireland , drawing up stricter rules for dealing with priestly paedophilia .
Multiple scandals
Without warning , he was suddenly confronting new , similar scandals which have come to light in his own country , Germany - including one in the very town where he taught at the university and where his brother was choirmaster of a famous boys ' choir .
His promised pastoral letter to Ireland has had to be put on hold .
Now his record as Archbishop of Munich in the late 1970s and early 80s , is being mercilessly scrutinised by the international media .
For the first time , senior Catholic figures are beginning to call publicly for a re-examination of the rule of priestly celibacy
Did Pope Benedict know , or did he not know , about cases of priest paedophiles reported in his own diocese ?
If yes , then why did he not act to discipline and remove them and inform the police ?
It has since been admitted in Germany that there was a cover up , just as in similar cases elsewhere .
The Vatican says this hypothesis - as far as the Pope himself is concerned , is " false and defamatory " .
But if the answer is no , then it seems legitimate to ask if the Archbishop , as he was then , was doing his job properly ?
Oldest taboo Naturally the Vatican public relations machine has been working overtime to deflect all personal criticism away from the pontiff .
A German prelate has taken the rap for the Munich cover up .
The Vatican 's version is that Pope Benedict knew nothing about one particularly worrisome and well - documented case which has remained in the headlines for days .
Ordinary Catholics in many countries are now asking questions about a subject which has been taboo at the Vatican ever since I can remember .
The other day a senior Vatican official , Monsignor Charles Scicluna - an amiable priest from Malta who holds the title of Promoter of Justice - actually gave a lengthy official interview about how headquarters in Rome have been reacting to the huge growth in the number of cases of clerical abuse reported to the Pope during the past decade alone .
He said their desks had been flooded with accusations of sexual misdemeanours by priests , above all in the United States , back in 2003 and 2004 .
Only 300 priests were actual cases of paedophilia ... it is not as widespread as has been believed
Monsignor Charles Scicluna Cardinal Ratzinger - as he was then known - was head of the department responsible for disciplining seriously errant clergy worldwide .
He had displayed " wisdom and courage " in his handling of cases , Monsignor Scicluna declared .
He also gave numbers : during the past decade the Holy Office received details of 3,000 Catholic priests reported by their Bishops to Rome for sexual misconduct or , even worse , crimes .
Sixty per cent of these cases involved homosexual acts , 30 % related to heterosexual behaviour and only 10 % - or 300 priests - were , he said , " actual cases of paedophilia . "
This was , of course , too many , Monsignor Scicluna admitted , but he added : " The phenomenon is not as widespread as has been believed . "
Priestly misbehaviour
Some of the excuses have been lame , to say the least .
For example , Father Lombardi , the official Vatican spokesperson , stressed that the problem of paedophilia is not limited to Church institutions .
He also denied that a " wall of silence " had been erected by Pope Benedict in 2001 , when he signed an official Vatican document telling Catholic Bishops around the world to keep secret the details of priestly misbehaviour that they reported to Rome .
The Pope sees celibacy in priests as " full devotion " to the Catholic church
This was simply a case of mistranslation of the text , according to Monsignor Scicluna : " The Church does not like to showcase justice , but has never banned the denouncing of crimes to the civil authorities , " he said .
Even in Italy , cases of priestly paedophilia are coming out of the woodwork - over 80 of them , according to prosecutors .
In one case , the priest defended himself on the grounds that he sincerely believed it was not sinful for him to have sexual relations - provided it was not with a woman .
The whole problem of sex and the priesthood is now being discussed in a way it never has been before .
For the first time senior Catholic figures are beginning to call publicly for a re-examination of the rule of priestly celibacy .
Some have retracted , clearly on instructions from Rome , but the trend is unmistakeable , and the tipping point may have been reached this year as a result of the Vatican 's inability to stem the tide of scandal .
How to listen to : From Our Own Correspondent Radio Four : Saturdays , 1130 BST .
Second weekly edition on Thursdays , 1100 BST ( some weeks only ) .
World Service :
See programme schedules Download the podcast Listen on iPlayer Story by story at the programme website
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The arrest of two Palestinians suspected of being involved in the assassination of a senior Hamas official in Dubai , as well as the publication of video clips depicting the assassins , has reignited the finger pointing between Hamas and Fatah .
Hamas claimed Tuesday that the two arrested men , who served in the Palestinian security forces , are proof that the Palestinian Authority played a role in the assassination of Mahmoud al - Mabhouh on January 20 .
The PA denied the allegations .
" If they want , Hamas can reveal the identity of the suspects , " challenged the PA .
Perfect Execution Anatomy of an assassination Ron Ben - Yishai
Ynet special : Security affairs analyst Ron Ben - Yishai examines Hamas man 's assassination in Dubai in wake of dramatic police revelations , says assassins highly professional , some questions remain unanswered Anatomy of an assassination
Jordan handed over the two suspects to Dubai .
Al - Jazeera added that one member of the duo met with the cell 's commander , a French citizen known as Peter Elvinger .
The other man , according to the report , served in a security position in the Palestinian Authority .
Hamas spokesman , Ayman Taha , said Tuesday that the PA 's involvement in Mabhouh 's assassination stems from its defense cooperation with Israel .
Taha called on UAE authorities not to keep information from Hamas .
" This development obligates the Dubai authorities to allow for cooperation with representatives of the Hamas movement in the investigation , " Taha asserted .
The PA has denied the allegations and claimed that two men were actually Hamas operatives .
A spokesman for the Palestinian security forces , , Adnan al - Dmeiri , said that the two detainees received their rankings from the Palestinian police in the Gaza Strip and are members of the Islamic movement 's militia .
" If their claims are correct , they can reveal the names of the suspects and the organizations in which they worked .
We , for our part , do not want to reveal the names and are leaving this up to the Dubai police , " said al - Dmeiri .
The Dubai Police are refusing in the meantime to reveal the suspects ' identities , apparently in an effort to avoid embarrassing one of the parties .
If the two indeed are Hamas members , this would explain the Dubai Police 's refusal to allow Hamas to participate in the investigations .
Meanwhile , Europe has not confirmed any connection with the European passport holders who apparently comprised the assassination ring .
However , British government officials pointed fingers at the Mossad .
British newspaper Daily Telegraph reported Monday that there has been no verification of the alleged killers ' identities .
Among the 11 members of the ring , six of them held British passports , and three of them held Irish passports .
Another member had German citizenship , and yet another , apparently the ring leader , held French citizenship .
History of Oceania as a whole Date : Mon , 1 Dec 97 14:54:25 CST
From : Mark Graffis < ab758@virgin.usvi.net >
Subject : Easter Island 's End Easter Island 's End By Jared Diamond , in Discover Magazine
August 1995
In just a few centuries , the people of Easter Island wiped out their forest , drove their plants and animals to extinction , and saw their complex society spiral into chaos and cannibalism .
Are we about to follow their lead ?
Among the most riveting mysteries of human history are those posed by vanished civilizations .
Everyone who has seen the abandoned buildings of the Khmer , the Maya , or the Anasazi is immediately moved to ask the same question :
Why did the societies that erected those structures disappear ?
Their vanishing touches us as the disappearance of other animals , even the dinosaurs , never can .
No matter how exotic those lost civilizations seem , their framers were humans like us .
Who is to say we wo n't succumb to the same fate ?
Perhaps someday New York 's skyscrapers will stand derelict and overgrown with vegetation , like the temples at Angkor Wat and Tikal .
Among all such vanished civilizations , that of the former Polynesian society on Easter Island remains unsurpassed in mystery and isolation .
The mystery stems especially from the island 's gigantic stone statues and its impoverished landscape , but it is enhanced by our associations with the specific people involved : Polynesians represent for us the ultimate in exotic romance , the background for many a child's , and an adult 's , vision of paradise .
My own interest in Easter was kindled over 30 years ago when I read Thor Heyerdahl 's fabulous accounts of his Kon -Tiki voyage .
But my interest has been revived recently by a much more exciting account , one not of heroic voyages but of painstaking research and analysis .
My friend David Steadman , a paleontologist , has been working with a number of other researchers who are carrying out the first systematic excavations on Easter intended to identify the animals and plants that once lived there .
Their work is contributing to a new interpretation of the island 's history that makes it a tale not only of wonder but of warning as well .
Easter Island , with an area of only 64 square miles , is the world 's most isolated scrap of habitable land .
It lies in the Pacific Ocean more than 2,000 miles west of the nearest continent ( South America ) , 1,400 miles from even the nearest habitable island ( Pitcairn ) .
Its subtropical location and latitude - at 27 degrees south , it is approximately as far below the equator as Houston is north of it - help give it a rather mild climate , while its volcanic origins make its soil fertile .
In theory , this combination of blessings should have made Easter a miniature paradise , remote from problems that beset the rest of the world .
The island derives its name from its " discovery " by the Dutch explorer Jacob Roggeveen , on Easter ( April 5 ) in 1722 .
Roggeveen 's first impression was not of a paradise but of a wasteland : " We originally , from a further distance , have considered the said Easter Island as sandy ; the reason for that is this , that we counted as sand the withered grass , hay , or other scorched and burnt vegetation , because its wasted appearance could give no other impression than of a singular poverty and barrenness . "
The island Roggeveen saw was a grassland without a single tree or bush over ten feet high .
Modern botanists have identified only 47 species of higher plants native to Easter , most of them grasses , sedges , and ferns .
The list includes just two species of small trees and two of woody shrubs .
With such flora , the islanders Roggeveen encountered had no source of real firewood to warm themselves during Easter 's cool , wet , windy winters .
Their native animals included nothing larger than insects , not even a single species of native bat , land bird , land snail , or lizard .
For domestic animals , they had only chickens .
European visitors throughout the eighteenth and early nineteenth centuries estimated Easter 's human population at about 2,000 , a modest number considering the island 's fertility .
As Captain James Cook recognized during his brief visit in 1774 , the islanders were Polynesians ( a Tahitian man accompanying Cook was able to converse with them ) .
Yet despite the Polynesians ' well - deserved fame as a great seafaring people , the Easter Islanders who came out to Roggeveen 's and Cook 's ships did so by swimming or paddling canoes that Roggeveen described as " bad and frail . "
Their craft , he wrote , were " put together with manifold small planks and light inner timbers , which they cleverly stitched together with very fine twisted threads .
. . .
But as they lack the knowledge and particularly the materials for caulking and making tight the great number of seams of the canoes , these are accordingly very leaky , for which reason they are compelled to spend half the time in bailing . "
The canoes , only ten feet long , held at most two people , and only three or four canoes were observed on the entire island .
With such flimsy craft , Polynesians could never have colonized Easter from even the nearest island , nor could they have traveled far offshore to fish .
The islanders Roggeveen met were totally isolated , unaware that other people existed .
Investigators in all the years since his visit have discovered no trace of the islanders ' having any outside contacts : not a single Easter Island rock or product has turned up elsewhere , nor has anything been found on the island that could have been brought by anyone other than the original settlers or the Europeans .
Yet the people living on Easter claimed memories of visiting the uninhabited Sala y Gomez reef 260 miles away , far beyond the range of the leaky canoes seen by Roggeveen .
How did the islanders ' ancestors reach that reef from Easter , or reach Easter from anywhere else ?
Easter Island 's most famous feature is its huge stone statues , more than 200 of which once stood on massive stone platforms lining the coast .
At least 700 more , in all stages of completion , were abandoned in quarries or on ancient roads between the quarries and the coast , as if the carvers and moving crews had thrown down their tools and walked off the job .
Most of the erected statues were carved in a single quarry and then somehow transported as far as six miles - despite heights as great as 33 feet and weights up to 82 tons .
The abandoned statues , meanwhile , were as much as 65 feet tall and weighed up to 270 tons .
The stone platforms were equally gigantic : up to 500 feet long and 10 feet high , with facing slabs weighing up to 10 tons .
Roggeveen himself quickly recognized the problem the statues posed : " The stone images at first caused us to be struck with astonishment , " he wrote , " because we could not comprehend how it was possible that these people , who are devoid of heavy thick timber for making any machines , as well as strong ropes , nevertheless had been able to erect such images . "
Roggeveen might have added that the islanders had no wheels , no draft animals , and no source of power except their own muscles .
How did they transport the giant statues for miles , even before erecting them ?
To deepen the mystery , the statues were still standing in 1770 , but by 1864 all of them had been pulled down , by the islanders themselves .
Why then did they carve them in the first place ?
And why did they stop ?
The statues imply a society very different from the one Roggeveen saw in 1722 .
Their sheer number and size suggest a population much larger than 2,000 people .
What became of everyone ?
Furthermore , that society must have been highly organized .
Easter 's resources were scattered across the island : the best stone for the statues was quarried at Rano Raraku near Easter 's northeast end ; red stone , used for large crowns adorning some of the statues , was quarried at Puna Pau , inland in the southwest ; stone carving tools came mostly from Aroi in the northwest .
Meanwhile , the best farmland lay in the south and east , and the best fishing grounds on the north and west coasts .
Extracting and redistributing all those goods required complex political organization .
What happened to that organization , and how could it ever have arisen in such a barren landscape ?
Easter Island 's mysteries have spawned volumes of speculation for more than two and a half centuries .
Many Europeans were incredulous that Polynesians - commonly characterized as " mere savages " - could have created the statues or the beautifully constructed stone platforms .
In the 1950s , Heyerdahl argued that Polynesia must have been settled by advanced societies of American Indians , who in turn must have received civilization across the Atlantic from more advanced societies of the Old World .
Heyerdahl 's raft voyages aimed to prove the feasibility of such prehistoric transoceanic contacts .
In the 1960s the Swiss writer Erich von Daeniken , an ardent believer in Earth visits by extraterrestrial astronauts , went further , claiming that Easter 's statues were the work of intelligent beings who owned ultramodern tools , became stranded on Easter , and were finally rescued .
Heyerdahl and Von Daeniken both brushed aside overwhelming evidence that the Easter Islanders were typical Polynesians derived from Asia rather than from the Americas and that their culture ( including their statues ) grew out of Polynesian culture .
Their language was Polynesian , as Cook had already concluded .
Specifically , they spoke an eastern Polynesian dialect related to Hawaiian and Marquesan , a dialect isolated since about A.D. 400 , as estimated from slight differences in vocabulary .
Their fishhooks and stone adzes resembled early Marquesan models .
Last year DNA extracted from 12 Easter Island skeletons was also shown to be Polynesian .
The islanders grew bananas , taro , sweet potatoes , sugarcane , and paper mulberry - typical Polynesian crops , mostly of Southeast Asian origin .
Their sole domestic animal , the chicken , was also typically Polynesian and ultimately Asian , as were the rats that arrived as stowaways in the canoes of the first settlers .
What happened to those settlers ?
The fanciful theories of the past must give way to evidence gathered by hardworking practitioners in three fields : archeology , pollen analysis , and paleontology .
Modern archeological excavations on Easter have continued since Heyerdahl 's 1955 expedition .
The earliest radiocarbon dates associated with human activities are around A.D. 400 to 700 , in reasonable agreement with the approximate settlement date of 400 estimated by linguists .
The period of statue construction peaked around 1200 to 1500 , with few if any statues erected thereafter .
Densities of archeological sites suggest a large population ; an estimate of 7,000 people is widely quoted by archeologists , but other estimates range up to 20,000 , which does not seem implausible for an island of Easter 's area and fertility .
Archeologists have also enlisted surviving islanders in experiments aimed at figuring out how the statues might have been carved and erected .
Twenty people , using only stone chisels , could have carved even the largest completed statue within a year .
Given enough timber and fiber for making ropes , teams of at most a few hundred people could have loaded the statues onto wooden sleds , dragged them over lubricated wooden tracks or rollers , and used logs as levers to maneuver them into a standing position .
Rope could have been made from the fiber of a small native tree , related to the linden , called the hauhau .
However , that tree is now extremely scarce on Easter , and hauling one statue would have required hundreds of yards of rope .
Did Easter 's now barren landscape once support the necessary trees ?
That question can be answered by the technique of pollen analysis , which involves boring out a column of sediment from a swamp or pond , with the most recent deposits at the top and relatively more ancient deposits at the bottom .
The absolute age of each layer can be dated by radiocarbon methods .
Then begins the hard work : examining tens of thousands of pollen grains under a microscope , counting them , and identifying the plant species that produced each one by comparing the grains with modern pollen from known plant species .
For Easter Island , the bleary - eyed scientists who performed that task were John Flenley , now at Massey University in New Zealand , and Sarah King of the University of Hull in England .
Flenley and King 's heroic efforts were rewarded by the striking new picture that emerged of Easter 's prehistoric landscape .
For at least 30,000 years before human arrival and during the early years of Polynesian settlement , Easter was not a wasteland at all .
Instead , a subtropical forest of trees and woody bushes towered over a ground layer of shrubs , herbs , ferns , and grasses .
In the forest grew tree daisies , the rope - yielding hauhau tree , and the toromiro tree , which furnishes a dense , mesquite - like firewood .
The most common tree in the forest was a species of palm now absent on Easter but formerly so abundant that the bottom strata of the sediment column were packed with its pollen .
The Easter Island palm was closely related to the still - surviving Chilean wine palm , which grows up to 82 feet tall and 6 feet in diameter .
The tall , unbranched trunks of the Easter Island palm would have been ideal for transporting and erecting statues and constructing large canoes .
The palm would also have been a valuable food source , since its Chilean relative yields edible nuts as well as sap from which Chileans make sugar , syrup , honey , and wine .
What did the first settlers of Easter Island eat when they were not glutting themselves on the local equivalent of maple syrup ?
Recent excavations by David Steadman , of the New York State Museum at Albany , have yielded a picture of Easter 's original animal world as surprising as Flenley and King 's picture of its plant world .
Steadman 's expectations for Easter were conditioned by his experiences elsewhere in Polynesia , where fish are overwhelmingly the main food at archeological sites , typically accounting for more than 90 percent of the bones in ancient Polynesian garbage heaps .
Easter , though , is too cool for the coral reefs beloved by fish , and its cliff - girded coastline permits shallow - water fishing in only a few places .
Less than a quarter of the bones in its early garbage heaps ( from the period 900 to 1300 ) belonged to fish ; instead , nearly one - third of all bones came from porpoises .
Nowhere else in Polynesia do porpoises account for even 1 percent of discarded food bones .
But most other Polynesian islands offered animal food in the form of birds and mammals , such as New Zealand 's now extinct giant moas and Hawaii 's now extinct flightless geese .
Most other islanders also had domestic pigs and dogs .
On Easter , porpoises would have been the largest animal available - other than humans .
The porpoise species identified at Easter , the common dolphin , weighs up to 165 pounds .
It generally lives out at sea , so it could not have been hunted by line fishing or spearfishing from shore .
Instead , it must have been harpooned far offshore , in big seaworthy canoes built from the extinct palm tree .
In addition to porpoise meat , Steadman found , the early Polynesian settlers were feasting on seabirds .
For those birds , Easter 's remoteness and lack of predators made it an ideal haven as a breeding site , at least until humans arrived .
Among the prodigious numbers of seabirds that bred on Easter were albatross , boobies , frigate birds , fulmars , petrels , prions , shearwaters , storm petrels , terns , and tropic birds .
With at least 25 nesting species , Easter was the richest seabird breeding site in Polynesia and probably in the whole Pacific .
Land birds as well went into early Easter Island cooking pots .
Steadman identified bones of at least six species , including barn owls , herons , parrots , and rail .
Bird stew would have been seasoned with meat from large numbers of rats , which the Polynesian colonists inadvertently brought with them ; Easter Island is the sole known Polynesian island where rat bones outnumber fish bones at archeological sites .
( In case you 're squeamish and consider rats inedible , I still recall recipes for creamed laboratory rat that my British biologist friends used to supplement their diet during their years of wartime food rationing . )
Porpoises , seabirds , land birds , and rats did not complete the list of meat sources formerly available on Easter .
A few bones hint at the possibility of breeding seal colonies as well .
All these delicacies were cooked in ovens fired by wood from the island 's forests .
Such evidence lets us imagine the island onto which Easter 's first Polynesian colonists stepped ashore some 1,600 years ago , after a long canoe voyage from eastern Polynesia .
They found themselves in a pristine paradise .
What then happened to it ?
The pollen grains and the bones yield a grim answer .
Pollen records show that destruction of Easter 's forests was well under way by the year 800 , just a few centuries after the start of human settlement .
Then charcoal from wood fires came to fill the sediment cores , while pollen of palms and other trees and woody shrubs decreased or disappeared , and pollen of the grasses that replaced the forest became more abundant .
Not long after 1400 the palm finally became extinct , not only as a result of being chopped down but also because the now ubiquitous rats prevented its regeneration : of the dozens of preserved palm nuts discovered in caves on Easter , all had been chewed by rats and could no longer germinate .
While the hauhau tree did not become extinct in Polynesian times , its numbers declined drastically until there were n't enough left to make ropes from .
By the time Heyerdahl visited Easter , only a single , nearly dead toromiro tree remained on the island , and even that lone survivor has now disappeared .
( Fortunately , the toromiro still grows in botanical gardens elsewhere . )
The fifteenth century marked the end not only for Easter 's palm but for the forest itself .
Its doom had been approaching as people cleared land to plant gardens ; as they felled trees to build canoes , to transport and erect statues , and to burn ; as rats devoured seeds ; and probably as the native birds died out that had pollinated the trees ' flowers and dispersed their fruit .
The overall picture is among the most extreme examples of forest destruction anywhere in the world : the whole forest gone , and most of its tree species extinct .
The destruction of the island 's animals was as extreme as that of the forest : without exception , every species of native land bird became extinct .
Even shellfish were overexploited , until people had to settle for small sea snails instead of larger cowries .
Porpoise bones disappeared abruptly from garbage heaps around 1500 ; no one could harpoon porpoises anymore , since the trees used for constructing the big seagoing canoes no longer existed .
The colonies of more than half of the seabird species breeding on Easter or on its offshore islets were wiped out .
In place of these meat supplies , the Easter Islanders intensified their production of chickens , which had been only an occasional food item .
They also turned to the largest remaining meat source available : humans , whose bones became common in late Easter Island garbage heaps .
Oral traditions of the islanders are rife with cannibalism ; the most inflammatory taunt that could be snarled at an enemy was " The flesh of your mother sticks between my teeth . "
With no wood available to cook these new goodies , the islanders resorted to sugarcane scraps , grass , and sedges to fuel their fires .
All these strands of evidence can be wound into a coherent narrative of a society 's decline and fall .
The first Polynesian colonists found themselves on an island with fertile soil , abundant food , bountiful building materials , ample lebensraum , and all the prerequisites for comfortable living .
They prospered and multiplied .
After a few centuries , they began erecting stone statues on platforms , like the ones their Polynesian forebears had carved .
With passing years , the statues and platforms became larger and larger , and the statues began sporting ten - ton red crowns - probably in an escalating spiral of one - upmanship , as rival clans tried to surpass each other with shows of wealth and power .
( In the same way , successive Egyptian pharaohs built ever - larger pyramids .
Today Hollywood movie moguls near my home in Los Angeles are displaying their wealth and power by building ever more ostentatious mansions .
Tycoon Marvin Davis topped previous moguls with plans for a 50,000 - square - foot house , so now Aaron Spelling has topped Davis with a 56,000 - square - foot house .
All that those buildings lack to make the message explicit are ten - ton red crowns . )
On Easter , as in modern America , society was held together by a complex political system to redistribute locally available resources and to integrate the economies of different areas .
Eventually Easter 's growing population was cutting the forest more rapidly than the forest was regenerating .
The people used the land for gardens and the wood for fuel , canoes , and houses - and , of course , for lugging statues .
As forest disappeared , the islanders ran out of timber and rope to transport and erect their statues .
Life became more uncomfortable - springs and streams dried up , and wood was no longer available for fires .
People also found it harder to fill their stomachs , as land birds , large sea snails , and many seabirds disappeared .
Because timber for building seagoing canoes vanished , fish catches declined and porpoises disappeared from the table .
Crop yields also declined , since deforestation allowed the soil to be eroded by rain and wind , dried by the sun , and its nutrients to be leeched from it .
Intensified chicken production and cannibalism replaced only part of all those lost foods .
Preserved statuettes with sunken cheeks and visible ribs suggest that people were starving .
With the disappearance of food surpluses , Easter Island could no longer feed the chiefs , bureaucrats , and priests who had kept a complex society running .
Surviving islanders described to early European visitors how local chaos replaced centralized government and a warrior class took over from the hereditary chiefs .
The stone points of spears and daggers , made by the warriors during their heyday in the 1600s and 1700s , still litter the ground of Easter today .
By around 1700 , the population began to crash toward between one - quarter and one - tenth of its former number .
People took to living in caves for protection against their enemies .
Around 1770 rival clans started to topple each other 's statues , breaking the heads off .
By 1864 the last statue had been thrown down and desecrated .
As we try to imagine the decline of Easter 's civilization , we ask ourselves , " Why did n't they look around , realize what they were doing , and stop before it was too late ?
What were they thinking when they cut down the last palm tree ? "
I suspect , though , that the disaster happened not with a bang but with a whimper .
After all , there are those hundreds of abandoned statues to consider .
The forest the islanders depended on for rollers and rope did n't simply disappear one day - it vanished slowly , over decades .
Perhaps war interrupted the moving teams ; perhaps by the time the carvers had finished their work , the last rope snapped .
In the meantime , any islander who tried to warn about the dangers of progressive deforestation would have been overridden by vested interests of carvers , bureaucrats , and chiefs , whose jobs depended on continued deforestation .
Our Pacific
Northwest loggers are only the latest in a long line of loggers to cry , " Jobs over trees ! "
The changes in forest cover from year to year would have been hard to detect : yes , this year we cleared those woods over there , but trees are starting to grow back again on this abandoned garden site here .
Only older people , recollecting their childhoods decades earlier , could have recognized a difference .
Their children could no more have comprehended their parents ' tales than my eight - year - old sons today can comprehend my wife 's and my tales of what Los Angeles was like 30 years ago .
Gradually trees became fewer , smaller , and less important .
By the time the last fruit - bearing adult palm tree was cut , palms had long since ceased to be of economic significance .
That left only smaller and smaller palm saplings to clear each year , along with other bushes and treelets .
No one would have noticed the felling of the last small palm .
By now the meaning of Easter Island for us should be chillingly obvious .
Easter Island is Earth writ small .
Today , again , a rising population confronts shrinking resources .
We too have no emigration valve , because all human societies are linked by international transport , and we can no more escape into space than the Easter Islanders could flee into the ocean .
If we continue to follow our present course , we shall have exhausted the world 's major fisheries , tropical rain forests , fossil fuels , and much of our soil by the time my sons reach my current age .
Every day newspapers report details of famished countries - Afghanistan , Liberia , Rwanda , Sierra Leone , Somalia , the former Yugoslavia , Zaire - where soldiers have appropriated the wealth or where central government is yielding to local gangs of thugs .
With the risk of nuclear war receding , the threat of our ending with a bang no longer has a chance of galvanizing us to halt our course .
Our risk now is of winding down , slowly , in a whimper .
Corrective action is blocked by vested interests , by well - intentioned political and business leaders , and by their electorates , all of whom are perfectly correct in not noticing big changes from year to year .
Instead , each year there are just somewhat more people , and somewhat fewer resources , on Earth .
It would be easy to close our eyes or to give up in despair .
If mere thousands of Easter Islanders with only stone tools and their own muscle power sufficed to destroy their society , how can billions of people with metal tools and machine power fail to do worse ?
But there is one crucial difference .
The Easter Islanders had no books and no histories of other doomed societies .
Unlike the Easter Islanders , we have histories of the past - information that can save us .
My main hope for my sons ' generation is that we may now choose to learn from the fates of societies like Easter's .
By Doreen Walton
Science reporter , BBC News
The malaria parasite was found in a sample from the cross river gorillla
The parasite which causes malignant malaria in humans has been identified in gorillas for the first time .
Researchers analysed faeces from wild gorillas in Cameroon and blood samples from a captive animal from Gabon .
The study says increasing contact between humans and primates due to logging and deforestation raises the risk of transmission of new pathogens .
The research findings are published in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences journal .
New genetic sampling techniques allowed scientists from France , Cameroon , Gabon and the US to examine evidence of malaria parasites in the faecal matter of wild gorillas and chimpanzees in Cameroon .
" Sampling malaria parasites from apes in the wild has until now been very difficult " , said Dr Francisco Ayala from the University of California , Irvine .
The team also took blood samples from wild born , pet animals in Gabon .
DNA evidence of Plasmodium falciparum , the parasite that causes malignant malaria in humans , was found in faecal samples from two gorilla subspecies , the highly endangered cross-river gorilla and the western lowland gorilla .
Even if it were eradicated in humans we would still have the problem that it 's present in apes
Dr Francisco Ayala , University of California , Irvine
The parasite was identified in a blood sample from a captive gorilla .
Malaria parasites were first identified in chimpanzees and gorillas in Africa by scientists working in the 1920s .
But this new technology has allowed scientists to confirm the presence of P. falciparum .
Disease reservoir P. falciparum is the most deadly type of malaria infection .
It is most common in Africa , south of the Sahara , where the World Health Organization says it accounts for a large part of the extremely high mortality in the region .
The study says that human destruction of the natural forest habitat means more contact with primates and greater chances of pathogen transmission between the two , including from humans to the endangered great apes .
Dr Ayala said the findings underline the danger of contact between the two .
" Even if it were eradicated in humans we would still have the problem that it 's present in apes and therefore they would be a reservoir for the disease .
" It 's not clear what we can do with respect to this problem other than trying to decrease contact . "
Endemic ?
Dr Ian Hastings , senior lecturer at the Liverpool School of Medicine said it would help to know more about the spread of the parasite in gorillas .
" Mosquitoes often bite different species .
Often they have a preference but if they can't find what they want to bite they 'll just go and bite something else , " he said .
" The question is whether this is just sporadic infection that 's come from humans after the mosquito bit an infected person and passed it on to gorillas or whether it 's endemic and is passed from gorilla to gorilla . "
Dr Ayala acknowledges that Plasmodium parasites are much less malignant for apes than humans because primates have been exposed to them for so long .
" They have had P. reichenowi and perhaps other species for thousands or millions of generations , so one expects less malignancy to have taken place over time . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Since the Quran said every able - bodied person should make a pilgrimage , or hajj , to Mecca at least once in their lifetime , thousands travelled from the farthest reaches of the Islamic empire to Mecca , beginning in the seventh century .
As they travelled , they made descriptions of the lands that they passed through .
Some of the most famous include ...
Over a lunch last year with Pitpass ' business editor Chris Sylt , Bernie Ecclestone revealed that anyone hoping to see F1 on television in high definition could be waiting for quite a while .
Despite claiming to be one of the most high - tech sports in the world , F1 is one of the few not to broadcast in HD .
Things got off to a good start with F1 pioneering multi-channel digital feed in the late 1990s but this was cancelled around a decade later leaving the sport with its bog standard low resolution broadcast .
There are reportedly 12 million HD TV sets in the UK alone so F1 is clearly lagging behind the times and is n't going down this road fast according to Ecclestone .
You might have thought that Ecclestone would be an early adopter of HD to ensure that sponsors ' logos on the trackside hoardings could be clearly seen rather than looking like a murky mess on the TV and even on the official DVD .
However , as with everything in F1 it comes down to money .
" If somebody guarantees to broadcast it we 'll do it , " he told Sylt adding that " we 'll do a deal when people are more interested . "
Ecclestone is referring to enough broadcasters showing an interest in screening the sport in HD in order to cover the costs of producing the footage .
One of the biggest broadcasters of HD footage in the UK is Sky and although Sky Italia screens F1 in Italy , this does n't even put the channel in pole position to get high definition feed of the sport .
" We 're not going to spend what it costs to produce that just for Sky Italia , " says Ecclestone adding " it 'd cost a fortune to produce it just for Sky . "
However , there is at least some hope on the horizon as Ecclestone says " we 're getting more people who are interested . "
Time will tell whether enough come forward to give Ecclestone the return he wants .
Loading ...
Warning !
This page uses Javascript .
Your browser either does n't support Javascript or you have it turned off .
To see this page as it is meant to appear please use a Javascript enabled browser .
× STAGING
× Service Error !
An error has ocurred please retry the previous action , if the problem persists please contact the administrator .
Warning !
This page uses Cookies .
Your browser either does n't support Cookies or you have disabled them .
To see this page as it is meant to appear please enable Cookies on your browser .
The lawsuit accused him of copyright infringement , fraud and stealing trade secrets .
Zuckerberg has denied the claims .
ConnectU 's founders , twins Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss and Divya Narendra , said they asked Zuckerberg for help in programming their site in 2003 .
But " a person briefed on the status " of the lawsuit told The New York Times that Facebook was finalising a settlement with the founders and all motions to dismiss the case , as well as the various counter - claims , were expected to be filed " within weeks " .
No terms of the settlement were disclosed .
The timing of the settlement is curious because , last week , a US appeals court ruled that Facebook must defend itself against the ConnectU lawsuit after it filed a motion to dismiss the case .
The drawn - out legal battles with ConnectU have already become a public relations disaster for Zuckerberg and Facebook might now be seeking to put the issue to bed .
Court documents including Zuckerberg 's Harvard application and personal web diary , unearthed during the discovery process and published in Harvard alumni magazine 02138 last year , portrayed him as arrogant and willing to do anything to reach the top .
Facebook is also rumoured to be gearing up for an initial public offering on the stockmarket , which could be damaged by any lawsuits looming over the company .
In their case , the ConnectU founders alleged Zuckerberg deliberately stalled development of the site so he could launch Facebook six months earlier , stealing their idea , code and business plan .
" It 's sort of a land grab , " Tyler Winklevoss was quoted at the time by Britain 's The Observer as saying .
" You feel robbed .
The kids down the hall are using it , and you 're thinking , ' That 's supposed to be us . '
We 're not there because one greedy kid cut us out . "
The ConnectU founders filed an almost identical suit against Facebook in 2004 , but it was dismissed on a technicality .
In 2005 , Facebook filed a counter - suit alleging ConnectU hacked into Facebook the previous year to obtain email addresses it could use to entice Facebook users to join ConnectU .
The judge hearing the case did not make a decision on that claim .
ConnectU 's case against Facebook was resuscitated last year and nearly dismissed again after a judge told the Winklevoss twins to find concrete proof that Zuckerberg stole their idea .
" Dorm room chit - chat does not make a contract , " the judge said .
Like Facebook , ConnectU was launched as a networking tool for college students , but while the former - originally known as Thefacebook.com - went on to expand into all walks of life , ConnectU has languished with fewer than 100,000 users .
Further , ConnectU 's founders have reportedly moved on to other ventures , leading some in the industry to question the timing of the latest lawsuit .
Facebook has more than 69 million active users .
A small investment by Microsoft last year valued the company at $ US15 billion .
0 Flares Twitter 0 Facebook 0 Google + 0 LinkedIn 0 Email -- Buffer 0 0 Flares ×
Many people could benefit from some simple tips to improve their life , but those people who work from home face special challenges .
From ways to succeed at work to how to relax , here are fifty tips to help turn your life around .
1. Create a healthy working environment .
Long periods of typing in the wrong position can lead to repetitive strain injuries , headaches and other ongoing afflictions .
A good desk and chair at the right height is essential .
2. Distractions cost you time , keep the TV off when writing .
3 . Separate home and writing by not writing in a place where most of your daily activities occur .
This can help you get into the right frame of mind to write .
4 . Do n’t be afraid to have an office full of toys if you have kids at home .
They will need to be happy and occupied for you to have a chance to write .
5 . Some noise and distractions ca n’t be avoided .
Music or white noise can help to block them out .
6. Music affects your mood so careful choices are essential .
Motivational music is helpful but soothing music may lull you to sleep or break your concentration .
7 . Working from home removes one way of making contact with others .
Make the needed effort to replace that by taking up a hobby .
8 . Do n’t let your day be an endless snack break .
Being home keeps you close to your pantry - temptation is close at hand .
Eat only at set times .
9 . Keep healthy snacks on hand for when you give in to temptation .
10 .
Take proper meal breaks , away from the computer rather than grazing all day .
A real meal is more satisfying and less likely to encourage further snacking .
11 . Breakfast is the most important meal of the day , eat a healthy , hearty meal , and do n’t skip it .
12 . Build in exercise periods to your week .
Being at home may reduce your physical activity and so when combined with the risk to snack more , increases the chances of gaining weight .
13 . Exercise can help you feel good by releasing endorphins and also help you concentrate .
Make use of this to perk you up .
14 . Learn to relax , and practice meditation if it helps .
15 . Keeping work and home separate can help relaxation , as few people can relax at work .
16 . Take note of when you are happy and why .
These moments can be used as a focus for meditation and thoughtful relaxation , and once you know what makes you happy you can try to recreate those times more often .
17 . Make a dedicated relaxation nook in your home .
Soft lighting and furnishing , a few growing plants and your favorite books or music may help you unwind .
18 . Do n’t let clutter take over - have a clear out .
Clutter causes stress and more work keeping things tidy .
19 .
Make time to be with friends and family , and keep up with their news and good fortunes .
20 .
Talk about things that are bothering you , be they work or personal .
Solutions may be found , but if nothing else friends support friends .
21 . Avoid jealousy when things are going well for others - this negative emotion can lead to more negativity .
22 . Try to see the world through the eyes of a child .
Their joy and love of life is contagious .
23 . Learn from the wisdom of older people - listen patiently when they recount stories of their youth , as they may have a lot they can teach you .
24 . Put time aside each day for time outside .
The break from routine is refreshing , as is the fresh air .
Take time to appreciate nature .
25 .
If something causes you stress try to let it go .
When stress becomes the focus of your day then it is hard to get anything else done .
26 . Learn something new every day to help keep your mind sharp .
27 .
Being your own boss is hard work when you are used to having someone tell you what to do .
Set goals and aim to meet them on time .
28 . Work hard to achieve goals - not meeting them can cause further delays in other work later in the week and can make it increasingly hard to get back on top .
It also makes you feel bad .
29 .
Make your goals small and achievable at steps along a large project - too large a goal to handle can lead to failure , especially when it is hard to estimate the needed time .
Reaching these goes makes you feel good .
30 .
Set goals for your life achievement as well as your work .
Aim to fix up your home , lose weight , or whatever else is bothering you .
31 . Be realistic .
Aiming to rule the world within two years is destined to failure , and more negative feelings .
32 . Set new goals when previous ones have been reached .
Never leave yourself without the motivation of achievable goals .
33 .
Thought should precede action .
Ill thought out action has a greater chance of failing or going wrong .
34 .
If something goes wrong with either your personal or work life , try to fix it before you go to sleep .
Not doing so can spoil your sleep and prolong ill feeling .
35 .
Do n’t dwell on your failures , now or in the past .
Chances are you wo n’t remember them a few years from now .
36 .
When the day is over reflect on your achievements that day , and try to forget the rest .
37 . Follow through on things that need to be done .
Do n’t put something aside with promises to yourself that you will do it later , because chances are you wo n’t .
If it needs doing , do it now .
38 . Money is n’t everything , and there are times when you have to cut back on the work that you do for your own personal good .
After all what is the point in working 24/ 7 if you have no time to enjoy it ?
39 .
Supporting your family involves more than just making money .
Be there for their emotional needs as well , and spend time with them so that you know what is going on in their life .
40 .
Work is n’t life .
Make time for fun and things that you enjoy , even if that is just a bubble bath .
41 . Make work fun !
If a visit to the zoo , or a wildlife reserve can be incorporated into what you do it can ease the stress and avoid monotony .
42 . Learn when to walk away and take a break .
There ’s plenty that needs doing in the house if you want to change task , but do n’t sit at the desk and idle .
If your concentration is broken , learn when to walk away to refresh , so you can come back renewed .
43 .
Where you can , make changes to eliminate the things in your life that make you unhappy .
44 . Learn to accept that there are things you cannot change and make peace with them .
Do n’t let them be a focus of your day .
45 . Being optimistic helps you see the best in people and get the best from life .
On the other hand people who expect bad things to happen normally find a way to make it so .
46 . Find time for laughter .
Read a joke a day to keep your mood up , and smile more .
47 . Believe in yourself and your own future success .
48 . Do n’t listen to doubters if they tell you that you cannot do something - you are in control of your life .
49 .
Establish a good routine and keep to it so that you know when you are working and so that you do n’t run out of time , and when you can relax .
50 .
Do n’t stay in your pyjamas all day unless you are able to work well that relaxed .
Getting dressed may help you find the right mindset for working .
What works for you ?
Any tips you ’d like to add ?
Please share in the comments below .
_________________________________________________________________________________
the sequel to john travolta ’s phenomenon should be called phenomena , where you find out that travolta was actually really an alien who only appears to have a tumor ( it is an extra for - cool - powers - only brain )
Nintendo just bombarded everybody with loads of details , images , trailers , and just everything to make a Nintendo fan in awe today .
Over at the media summit , Nintendo started out announcing that ‘ Super Mario Galaxy 2 ′ and ‘ Metroid : Other M ’ is scheduled for ‘ mid year ’ release .
Well , they even went further by announcing that ‘ Super Mario Galaxy 2 ′ is scheduled for May 23rd NA release , however , they will revealed the date for Europe tomorrow .
Of course , that is not all since they did release a bunch of images and a new trailer for ‘ Super Mario Galaxy 2 ′ .
After checking the images and video below , you will realize that its going to be another Nintendo winner ( I was sold already on Big Boo ) .
[ Update ] : Super Mario Galaxy 2 is schedule on June 11th for release in Europe .
Quite a stretch from the NA release date do n’t you think ?
Tony Lopez spent eight years of his life defending his country .
But when the U.S. Army paratrooper applied for a passport for the first time in December — so he could attend a reunion with his war buddies in the Philippines — the government told him his birth certificate was n’t valid .
“ What ’s this all about ? ” Lopez asked in amazement .
“ I ca n’t believe this happened .
I ’m 85 years old . ”
The Denver resident wanted to return to the scene of his final battle — tiny Corregidor Island , which guards the entrance to Manila Bay in the Philippines .
Feb. 16 marks the 65th anniversary of the Battle for the Recapture of Corregidor .
His compatriots offered to honor him by having him “ raise the colors ” in memory of the 173 Americans who died during the 10 - day battle to take back the island from the Japanese .
So Lopez and his wife , Mary Louise , applied for passports .
He submitted his birth certificate , driver ’s license and military - discharge papers .
On Friday , Mary Louise received her passport .
But Tony got a rejection notice .
In the letter , the U.S. State Department in Charleston , S.C. , said Lopez ’s birth certificate — issued by the state of New Mexico when he was 65 — was not valid because it had n’t been issued within a year of his birth .
Lopez said he was born in the “ two - street village ” of Rodey , N.M .
“ The Catholic church burned down , and all the records were lost , ” he said .
“ In 1990 , my brother and I traced our baptismal records to Santa Fe .
The state took those and gave us our birth certificates based on that . ”
Late Tuesday , U.S. Rep. Diana DeGette ’s office called to say a one - year passport had been issued for Lopez , thanks to string - pulling by Sen. Michael Bennet ’s offices .
The promised passport still had not reached Lopez by Tuesday night , making family members worry that he still may not be able to attend the reunion .
Lopez ’s combat experiences are among the proudest highlights of his long life .
His house is filled with photographs of him and his war buddies .
His scrapbook contains photos of Gen. Douglas MacArthur , with whom Lopez spoke twice during the war .
On a wall in Lopez ’s office is a box frame displaying his 13 war medals , including a Bronze Star and a Purple Heart .
In his front yard , a small replica of a DC - 3 , the airplane from which he parachuted into invasions , flies atop a 7 - foot metal pole .
Lopez spent three of his Army years overseas .
He made three amphibious landings and twice parachuted into hot combat zones .
His last jump was onto Corregidor .
The Army attacked the heavily fortified island from the sea and from the air on Feb. 16 , 1945 .
The island was so small that paratroopers had a difficult time landing in a drop zone the size of a football field — minuscule for fully loaded DC - 3s dropping hundreds of paratroopers .
Lopez said he was so nervous that he jumped the green light inside the plane and landed in a small tree outside the drop zone .
When Lopez returned stateside , he healed his wounds and was honorably discharged .
“ I never had any desire to return to the Philippines , ” he said recently .
“ I did n’t leave anything there that I wanted to see . ”
But late last year , his surviving war buddies organized the reunion on Corregidor .
After talking with his wife and family , Lopez decided they would go and raise the flags , as he was asked .
The five family members who were going to make the trip decided to wait for the passports before booking flights and hotels .
Lopez and his family are n’t sure they ’ll be able to make the trip , even if the short - term passport does come through , said his daughter , Yolanda Goad , a retired Denver police officer .
“ My brother , Tom , who was a paratrooper in Vietnam , really wants my father to go , ” she said .
“ But it ’s getting so late .
I do n’t know . ”
Mike McPhee : 303-954-1409 or mmcphee@denverpost.com
Developing … refresh for updates below …( images via twitter )
Lt. Dan Choi , Captain Jim Pietrangelo , and activist Robin McGehee of GetEQUAL were arrested earlier today following a " Do n't Ask , Don't Tell " rally thrown by the Human Rights Campaign which featured Kathy Griffin .
While different versions of events are being offered ( see bottom of post ) , Lt. Choi spoke at the rally and asked participants to join him on a march to the White House .
Choi led hundreds of people from the rally to the White House where he and Cpt. Pietrangelo cuffed themselves to the fence while the crowd rallied around them .
Shortly thereafter Choi and Pietrangelo were cut from the fence and arrested by police .
During the minutes leading up to their arrest , activist Robin McGehee of GetEQUAL was also arrested .
Kerry eleveld of the Advocate reports , in a Tweet , that Choi and Pietrangelo are being held in jail overnight and will appear tomorrow in court :
" Police Spokes says Choi / Pietrangelo will be held overnight and appear tomorrow in DC superior court . "
*****
NOTE : The following post was constructed as it happened , mostly via Twitter , which gives it its " timeline " form and somewhat disjointed narrative .
UPDATE : Late breaking statement from HRC at bottom .
According to Tweets from Robin McGehee at GetEqual ( see stream below ) reporting from the Kathy Griffin – Human Rights Campaign " Do n't Ask , Don't Tell " rally , McGehee , who is traveling with Lt. Dan Choi , asked Human Rights Campaign President Joe Solmonese if Choi could speak at the rally and he rebuffed her , telling her it was Kathy Griffin 's rally .
McGehee is the co-director of the National Equality March and the organizer of the Meet in the Middle 4 Equality rallies in California .
( above photo : Ty_DC twitter )
Choi took the stage anyway , told Griffin " Do n't Ask , Don't Tell " is not a joke , and announced that he was marching to the White House .
Choi then began leading hundreds to 1600 Pennsylvania Ave .
12:50 pm : Reports are now coming in that Choi has chained himself to the White House fence .
" Until we have full equality , " Choi reportedly says .
Choi and Captain Jim Pietrangelo are reportedly both handcuffed to the White House fence .
1:10 pm : According to DC Agenda 's
Tweet , " Yellow police tape is being put up around Dan Choi , and Secret Service agents are standing with him .
Choi remains chained . "
Approximately seven Secret Service Agents are inside the tape with Choi .
Reportedly one woman has been arrested , and is being identified by DC Agenda as the co-chair of GetEqual – which would be Robin McGehee .
1:21 pm : According to D.C. Agenda , police are not attempting to disperse the crowd and 20 Secret Service are on the scene .
A crowd of 50 is chanting " Keep your promise , Obama " and " Repeal DADT " .
1:27 pm : DC Agenda reports that there appears to be a stand - off between Choi and security .
No effort is being made to arrest him .
1:32 pm : DC Agenda says the crowd has shrunk to 30 people .
1:37 pm : DC Agenda reports that people have been directed to stand at Lafayette Square .
Two Secret Service officers are speaking with Pietrangelo and Choi , and it's not clear what 's happening .
GetEqual 's Robin McGehee was the woman arrested , it is confirmed .
According to @ MichaelsThought on Twitter , McGehee was shouting , " Get equal !
You want your rights ?!
The fight for them ! "
Photo :
And here 's a photo of Robin McGehee being arrested :
1:44 pm : DC Agenda reports a female woman " is kneeling in the crowd with hands raised , praying for the souls of gay people . "
Here is the first video posted of the crowd :
Here 's what Dan Choi said at the rally – HIS REMARKS – right before he took the crowd on the march to the White House .
1:48 pm : Joe Sudbay at Americablog reports via Twitter that the crowd in front of the White House is growing .
1:55 pm : Police just informed the crowd that everyone must leave the sidewalk in front of the White House or be arrested , according to MetroWeekly .
Choi and Pietrangelo are the only two remaining .
1:58 pm : Lt. Dan Choi and Captain Jim Pietrangelo have been removed from the fence and arrested .
2:02 pm : Choi and Pietrangelo get cheers from the crowd as they are put into police van .
Crowd applauds them as heroes .
AmericaBlog has some great coverage from on the scene .
Tweets Michelangelo Signorile : " Dan Choi took HRC's and @kathygriffin 's celebrity photo op and turned it into a real protest at White House .
And they stayed behind . "
CNN and MSNBC seem to have totally ignored this protest .
However , as the protest was happening , White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs was holding a press conference in the Rose Garden .
A reporter asked him if they were given a heads - up that there was civil disobedience happening outside .
Said Gibbs : " No heads up that I 'm aware of , and I do n't believe there 's any meetings scheduled today . "
2:19 pm : Kathy Griffin , who either disappeared or was advised not to follow Choi after the HRC rally , tweets …
Human Rights Campaign President Joe Solmonese was reportedly nowhere to be seen during the Choi action either .
HRC blogged about their rally late this afternoon , offering an explanation for why Solmonese and others stayed at the rally ( was there any rally left after Choi departed ? ) and did not accompany Lt. Choi and Captain Pietrangelo to the White House :
" There ’s been some confusion about Lt. Dan Choi ’s role in the rally .
As Joe Solmonese was walking to the stage , Lt. Choi asked Joe if he could have a speaking role .
Joe explained that it was n’t his sole decision to make on the spot given that there was already an established program that included Kathy Griffin , other organization and veterans .
After Choi then spoke with Kathy Griffin , she agreed to bring him up on stage and speak to the crowd during her remarks .
Lt. Choi in his speech called on the crowd to march on the White House .
Joe Solmonese along with Eric Alva and others felt it was important to stay and engage those at the rally in ways they can continue building the pressure needed for repeal .
This does nothing to diminish the actions taken by Lt. Choi and others .
This is the nature of social change and everyone has a role to play . "
AmericaBlog says HRC is lying :
" That is simply untrue .
I was there , standing next to Dan , about 10 feet from Kathy Griffin and Solmonese .
They were behind a rope line , to keep them from the rally attendees .
They looked over at Dan when he asked them , for the second time , to come with him to the White House ( mind you , they had no idea that he was planning to handcuff himself ) , and they just stared back at him .
They were not helping engage the rally about how to build pressure – the rally was over , they were already off the stage , behind it actually , getting ready to leave behind a secure rope line to separate them from the crowd .
I 'm sorry , but this statement is flat out untrue .
They were getting their photos taken .
Unbelievable . "
ABC is one of the first MSM reporters to cover the story : " An Iraq war veteran and vocal opponent of the military ’s Do n’t Ask Do n’t Tell policy was arrested by police officers after chaining himself to the front gate of the White House , in apparent protest of that policy . "
CNN Coverage ( at 3:10 pm ) :
AP Raw Video :
BELOW : Robin McGehee 's
Twitter stream prior to her arrest , as the Choi White House action was getting underway :
Dubai 's ultimate monument to its bubble , the Burj Khalifa , has been closed to the public .
The issue is apparently technical .
Do n't miss :
Why Dubai was the most obvious bubble ever >
---
AP : DUBAI , United Arab Emirates —
The world 's tallest skyscraper has unexpectedly closed to the public a month after its lavish opening , disappointing tourists headed for the observation deck and casting doubt over plans to welcome its first permanent occupants in the coming weeks .
Electrical problems are at least partly to blame for the closure of the Burj Khalifa 's viewing platform – the only part of the half - mile high tower open yet .
But a lack of information from the spire 's owner left it unclear whether the rest of the largely empty building – including dozens of elevators meant to whisk visitors to the tower 's more than 160 floors – was affected by the shutdown .
The indefinite closure , which began Sunday , comes as Dubai struggles to revive its international image as a cutting - edge Arab metropolis amid nagging questions about its financial health .
The Persian Gulf city - state had hoped the 2,717 - foot ( 828 - meter ) Burj Khalifa would be a major tourist draw .
Dubai has promoted itself by wowing visitors with over - the - top attractions such as the Burj , which juts like a silvery needle out of the desert and can be seen from miles around .
In recent weeks , thousands of tourists have lined up for the chance to buy tickets for viewing times often days in advance that cost more than $ 27 apiece .
Now many of those would - be visitors , such as Wayne Boyes , a tourist from near Manchester , England , must get back in line for refunds .
" It 's just very disappointing , " said Boyes , 40 , who showed up at the Burj 's entrance Monday with a ticket for an afternoon time slot only to be told the viewing platform was closed .
" The tower was one of my main reasons for coming here , " he said .
The precise cause of the $ 1.5 billion Dubai skyscraper 's temporary shutdown remained unclear .
In a brief statement responding to questions , building owner Emaar Properties blamed the closure on " unexpected high traffic , " but then suggested that electrical problems were also at fault .
" Technical issues with the power supply are being worked on by the main and subcontractors and the public will be informed upon completion , " the company said , adding that it is " committed to the highest quality standards at Burj Khalifa . "
Despite repeated requests , a spokeswoman for Emaar was unable to provide further details or rule out the possibility of foul play .
Greg Sang , Emaar 's director of projects and the man charged with coordinating the tower 's construction , could not be reached .
Construction workers at the base of the tower said they were unaware of any problems .
Power was reaching some parts of the building .
Strobe lights warning aircraft flashed and a handful of floors were illuminated after nightfall .
Emaar did not say when the observation deck would reopen .
Ticket sales agents were accepting bookings starting on Valentine 's Day this Sunday , though one reached by The Associated Press could not confirm the building would reopen then .
Tourists affected by the closure are being offered the chance to rebook or receive refunds .
The shutdown comes at a sensitive time for Dubai .
The city - state is facing a slump in tourism – which accounts for nearly a fifth of the local economy – while fending off negative publicity caused by more than $ 80 billion in debt it is struggling to repay .
Ervin Hladnik - Milharcic , 55 , a Slovenian writer planning to visit the city for the first time this month , said he hoped the Burj would reopen soon .
" It was the one thing I really wanted to see , " he said .
" The tower was projected as a metaphor for Dubai .
So the metaphor should work .
There are no excuses . "
Dubai opened the skyscraper on Jan. 4 in a blaze of fireworks televised around the world .
The building had been known as the Burj Dubai during more than half a decade of construction , but the name was suddenly changed on opening night to honor the ruler of neighboring Abu Dhabi .
Dubai and Abu Dhabi are two of seven small sheikdoms that comprise the United Arab Emirates .
Abu Dhabi hosts the federation 's capital and holds most of the country 's vast oil reserves .
It has provided Dubai with $ 20 billion in emergency cash to help cover its debts .
Questions were raised about the building 's readiness in the months leading up to the January opening .
The opening date had originally been expected in September , but was then pushed back until sometime before the end of 2009 .
The eventual opening date just after New Year 's was meant to coincide with the anniversary of the Dubai ruler 's ascent to power .
There were signs even that target was ambitious .
The final metal and glass panels cladding the building 's exterior were installed only in late September .
Early visitors to the observation deck had to peer through floor - to - ceiling windows caked with dust – a sign that cleaning crews had not yet had a chance to scrub them clean .
Work is still ongoing on many of the building 's other floors , including those that will house the first hotel designed by Giorgio Armani that is due to open in March .
The building 's base remains largely a construction zone , with entrance restricted to the viewing platform lobby in an adjacent shopping mall .
The first of some 12,000 residential tenants and office workers are supposed to move in to the building this month .
The Burj Khalifa boasts more than 160 stories .
The exact number is not known .
The observation deck , which is mostly enclosed but includes an outdoor terrace bordered by guard rails , is located about two - thirds of the way up on the 124th floor .
Adult tickets bought in advance cost 100 dirhams , or about $ 27 .
Visitors wanting to enter immediately can jump to the front of the line by paying 400 dirhams – about $ 110 apiece .
by ·
When you first start to get into living a healthy and as natural as possible , it can sometimes be difficult to find places where to shop for whole and organic foods .
Of course , in this country , the food industry is dominated by corn syrup - filled , prepackaged , nasty hideousness .
Walking through most grocery store aisles today is like observing a propaganda film for Archer Daniels Midland ( the largest producers of high fructose corn syrup ) .
Corn syrup is the major factor behind the rise in obesity in the last three decades .
Therefore , it is really a good thing to know where to shop for whole and organic foods .
Of course , everyone knows about Whole Foods .
They have become the leading supermarket chain when it comes to natural and organic foods .
Unfortunately , many people do not have a Whole Foods located very close to them .
Where do you go in that case ?
The best place to start is the website , organic.org .
This non -profit site has a wonderful feature to locate organic grocery stores in your area .
Simply click on “ Store Finder ” at the top of the page .
An interactive map of the United States will pop up .
Click on your state and a list of stores that sell organic products will appear .
This list is great !
It has the store name , address , telephone number , and a hyperlink to the store ’s website ( if they have one ) .
On the page where all the stores are listed , there is a link above the list of stores : “ See Farmers ’ Markets Locations . ”
This is another great resource .
The list will be much longer than the list of stores .
Farmers ’ markets are blooming all over the nation , and this list reflects that .
Again , like the organic grocery stores list , it is chock - full of great information .
In addition to the markets ’ names , locations , contact information , and hyperlinks , it will have the hours of operation listed .
Many of them are only open one or two days a week and the hours can change from month to month .
Be sure to check the website before you go .
If you are not lucky enough to have a dedicated organic grocery store or farmers ’ market in your area , then your next stop should be your local grocery store .
Take some time to talk with the store manager .
Find out what kind of whole and organic foods they carry .
If they are n’t carrying many or any , ask why not .
The manager may not be aware of a demand for those types of groceries in the community .
You can point out to him / her that if you are interested enough to take the time to ask him about it , then there are most likely many people who are also interested as well .
They just may not have thought to ask the manager about it .
If the manager is leery of trying something new , ask him / her to start slowly with a few organic or natural products .
When they start selling well , the manager will have all the financial incentive in the world to start carrying more and more healthy products .
As you can see , there are a lot of ways to find the kinds of groceries that will enhance your healthy lifestyle .
It really is n’t that hard !
Photo by Ewan-M
Comments
After watching the Nashville convention of the tea party movement , it is clear that they continue to be a racist , red - baiting movement against health care reform , jobs for all , an end to war , and economic and social justice .
They are out to bring down Barack Obama because they see him as a force for progressive change and they are against progressive change .
They are a movement to take our country back to the policies of Reagan , Bush or worse .
As the conference showed , they have few people of color in their ranks .
That is because , while they say they are “ color blind , ” they are against any measures for racial equality and inclusion .
The opening speaker at the conference was none other than the notorious right wing bigot , former Congressman Tom Tancredo .
Tancredo told the nearly all - white gathering that the reason Obama was elected was because people voted for him “ who could not even spell the word ‘ vote ’ or say it in English . ”
Tancredo went on to call for bringing back literacy tests .
Tancredo ’s despicable proposal would bring back what was a vicious method of denying the franchise to Black voters and is now illegal , as a way to prevent the election of an Obama type candidate in the future .
Looking at his audience , it was n’t a surprise that his remarks were greeted with cheers and loud applause .
Tancredo went on to blame the election of Obama on “ the cult of multiculturalism , ” whatever that is .
Tancredo would no doubt prefer to go back to a time when the cult of segregation dominated our national life .
And by the way , in response to Tancredo ’s ridiculous claims , Harvard Professor Charles Ogletree made the point on the Rachel Maddow Show that most of Obama ’s votes came from whites .
But the tea party conference was keynoted by a racist speech and no one there objected .
This was a meeting of people who do not believe that the last presidential election was legitimate .
They do n’t even believe that the president is a U.S. citizen .
They are opposed to any government spending to help the massive numbers of unemployed , impoverished , foreclosed and evicted – all victims of the Republican - initiated Wall Street ripoff that brought down the nation ’s economy .
Concern for the 40,000 people who annually die needlessly because they do n’t have health insurance is not their cup of tea .
The 30 million still uninsured should just perish if their coverage is by a government - run program .
“ Smaller government ” is more important .
The tea party notion of “ pro-life ” does not extend to those who have died because of U.S. pre-emptive wars , and military spending is exempt from their opposition to big government spending .
The conference was an orgy of racist hate aimed mainly against blacks , Latinos , immigrants and the nation ’s first African American president .
Sarah Palin , the $ 100,000 speaker , is making hay on the backs of this movement .
She thinks she is presidential timber ( 2012 ) .
I doubt it , but for sure she will come out of this a very rich racist , red- baiting demagogue .
It clear to most observers that most of the tea party participants , as shown by their signs and slogans , are opposed to the president mainly because he is black .
Just like the old southern racist hypocrites that for decades ruled the South and had a big sway in Congress , the tea party movement is using red-baiting and anti-terrorist hysteria to rationalize their support for the most reactionary section of the U.S. capitalist class : the powerful insurance monopolies , the armaments industry , the anti-union labor corporate elite .
Sarah Palin has jumped in front of this backward march .
She is part of the new McCarthyism combined with racist contempt for the first black president .
Her notion that Obama is more like a college professor and what we need is a commander in chief is another version of calling him “ uppity . ”
To attack Obama for being too smart after eight years of supporting a one - sentence president is ridiculous and racist .
This all coming from a politician who has to write crib notes on her hand because she obviously can’t retain the most elementary parts of her own program .
Palin knows full well when she attacks Obama that she is furthering racial division in the country , which is an especially dangerous game to play during hard economic times .
Her racist attacks on immigrants , that they are bringing the country down ; her opposition to any government spending to help working families survive the crisis – all of these attacks give encouragement to the racist lunatic fringe .
Former President Jimmy Carter said the tea party movement reminded him of the pro-segregationist movement he knew growing up in the South .
Television commentator Lawrence O’Donnell said it reminded him of the racist movement that was organized in South Boston in opposition to school integration .
O’Donnell said , “ These people are more opposed to the president then they are to health care reform . ”
He recounted how the Republican opposition did not treat Hillary Clinton like that when she presented health care reform in the 90s .
Progressive activist and actor Jeanine Garofalo described the tea party movement as the rebirth of the White Citizens Councils .
This movement Palin has jumped in front of is really a movement that hates change and wants to go backward .
Their aim is to help the extreme right take back the Congress in November and the presidency in 2012 .
Whether they succeed depends on the level of activity of the broad democratic , multiracial , labor and people ’s coalition that defeated Bush and his right - wing Congress .
If they are activated on the issues of jobs , health care and peace the right will suffer another setback .
This fight can not be won by Obama alone .
This fight cannot be won by the Democratic majority in Congress alone .
Without street heat , without real grassroots organizing , we could loss the fight for change and be pushed back to the Bush era or worse .
We dare not let that happen .
Consider the Nashville tea party meeting and the elections in New Jersy , Virginia and Massachusetts a wakeup call .
Like Obama did in his State of the Union speech and his confrontation with the Republicans at their caucus , it ’s time for the anti-racist majority , for the majority that wants health reform , a clean environment , massive job creation , peace , and economic and social justice , to take the offensive .
Photo : Sarah Palin addresses the National Tea Party Convention in Nashville , Feb . 6 . On her hand , her crib notes are visible .
( AP / Ed Reinke )
The line between people sharing their sexual preferences and people selling their cars on Craigslist has been crossed in this ad for a heavily modified 1987 Toyota Cressida with a giant " I AM GAY " sticker , dildo shifter and paintball gun .
Advertisement
The 87 Cressida shares a number of parts with the same generation Toyota Supra and is therefore a target for parts swapping .
It 's also , it seems , a target for gay paintballers seeking drifting machines .
You 'll have to read this and move through the pictures to fully appreciate how odd this listing is even by Craigslist standards :
FS /FT : 1987 Toyota Cressida - $ 2000 ( Puyallup ) I am looking for 240sx S13's or a AE86 Corolla GTS COUPE'S ONLY .
Willing to take coupe or hatch S13's Price is really best offer .
If the car is 4 lug when sold you will be provied with stock wheels .
WHEELS IN PICTURES NOT INCLUDED .
1987 Toyota Cressida
5MGE Engine has 120 , xxx miles on it from a Supra
Chassis has 240,360
New Motor was put in at 240,00MI
Car was originally a Auto
Clean Title The Goods :
The " I AM GAY " sticker will be removed ....
New Headgasket
New Timing Belt
New Cap
New Rotor
New Plugwires
Resurfaced 7M
Flywheel
New XTD Sprung Six Puck
MK3 Supra W58
New Clutch Master
New Clutch Slave
New Steel Braided Line
Clutch Pedal From MK2 Supra
Dildo Shifter 10 "
CHOPPED SPRINGS
WELDED DIFF
Power everything THE NOT SO GOODS :
Heat is a bit iffy works sometimes but always blows
Has oil leak from Front Main Seal ( new one will be provided if not already installed )
Stereo has no memory I am too lazy to wire it up correctly
Sunroof does n't open completely
It 's pretty stock
Depending on how long this takes to sell / trade
You will need to provide your own wheels .
EXTRA'S :
( If still 4 lug when sold ) R32 GTS - T 5lug 16 " wheels
MX83 Front Shocks
MX83 Front Hubs
MX83 Front brakes
This all depends if I get the 5 lug done or not .
Advertisement
We 'd like to point out that although the " I Am Gay " sticker will be removed , the 10 " dildo shifter is all yours to keep .
( Hat tip to MCheese )
[ Craigslist ]
In 2009 , Hawaii was the happiest state , and Boulder , Colo. , was the happiest metropolitan region , according to data released by the Gallup - Healthways Well - Being Index .
Generally speaking , the states with the highest well - being were clustered in the West / Rocky Mountain region , and those with lower well - being were clustered in the Southeast .
The Gallup - Healthways Well - Being Index is based on a nationwide daily survey that tries to measure the ingredients of “ the good life . ”
It is made up of six sub- indexes : life evaluation , emotional health , work environment , physical health , healthy behaviors and access to basic necessities like food and shelter .
Among states , Utah ( 2008 ’s well - being champion ) and Montana tied for second place behind Hawaii .
The states with the lowest levels of well - being were once again Kentucky and West Virginia .
Among metro regions , Boulder barely edged Honolulu and Holland - Grand Haven , Mich. , to claim the top level of well - being .
If you only look at the country ’s biggest cities — those with populations of one million or more — the San Jose - Sunnyvale - Santa Clara , Calif. , area scored highest , followed by the metropolitan area encompassing the District of Columbia , Arlington and Alexandria in Virginia , and parts of nearby Maryland and West Virginia .
The metro region with the lowest level of well - being was Fort Smith , Ark. , and its environs in Arkansas and Oklahoma .
That was followed by the Huntington - Ashland metro area covering parts of West Virginia , Kentucky and Ohio .
Among just the bigger cities , Las Vegas - Paradise , Nev. , scored lowest on well - being .
VIENNA / WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The U.N. nuclear watchdog said on Thursday it fears Iran may be working now to develop a nuclear - armed missile , as Washington warned Tehran of “ consequences ” for ignoring international demands to stop its atomic program .
Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad waves to journalists after a news conference in Tehran February 16 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Raheb Homavandi
In unusually blunt language , an International Atomic Energy Agency report for the first time suggested Iran was actively pursuing nuclear weapons capability , throwing independent weight behind similar Western suspicions .
The IAEA seemed to be cautiously going public with concerns arising from a classified agency analysis leaked in part last year which concluded that Iran has already honed explosives expertise relevant to a workable nuclear weapon .
The report also confirmed Iran had produced its first small batch of uranium enriched to a higher purity -- 20 percent .
Both developments will intensify pressure on Iran to prove it is not covertly bent on “ weaponizing ” enrichment by allowing unfettered access for IAEA inspectors and investigators , something it rejects in protest at U.N. sanctions .
The United States is already leading a push for the U.N. Security Council to impose a fourth round of sanctions on Iran because of suspicions it may be developing nuclear weapons and has received declarations of support from Russia , which has until now been reluctant to expand sanctions .
“ We always said that if Iran failed to live up to those international obligations , that there would be consequences , ” White House spokesman Robert Gibbs told reporters aboard Air Force One as President Barack Obama flew to a political event .
A senior Obama administration official said the IAEA report showed an “ increasing pattern of non-cooperation ” by Iran with the U.N. watchdog .
The report also documented “ significant technical problems ” that Iran continues to have with its nuclear program , the official told reporters .
Tehran says its nuclear program is meant only to yield electricity or radio- isotopes for agriculture or medicine .
It took an opposing view of the report ’s conclusions .
“ The IAEA ’s new report confirmed Iran ’s peaceful nuclear activities and the country ’s non-deviation toward military purposes , ” Iran ’s envoy to the IAEA , Ali Asghar Soltanieh , told the state news agency IRNA .
INTELLIGENCE REPORTS
For several years , the IAEA has been investigating Western intelligence reports indicating Iran has coordinated efforts to process uranium , test explosives at high altitude and revamp a ballistic missile cone in a way suitable for a nuclear warhead .
In 2007 , the United States issued an assessment saying Iran had halted such research in 2003 and probably not resumed it .
But its key Western allies believe Iran continued the program -- and the IAEA report offered independent support for that perception for the first time .
“ The information available to the agency is extensive ... broadly consistent and credible in terms of the technical detail , the time frame in which the activities were conducted and the people and organizations involved , ” the report said .
“ Altogether this raises concerns about the possible existence in Iran of past or current undisclosed activities related to the development of a nuclear payload for a missile . ”
IAEA ’s new chief , Yukiya Amano , is seen as more inclined to confront Iran than his predecessor , Mohamed ElBaradei , who retired on December 1 .
“ Now we see from ( available intelligence ) that certain activities may have continued after 2004 , ” said a senior official close to the IAEA .
“ We want to find out from Iran what they ’ve had to do with these nuclear explosive - related activities . ”
The U.S. director of National Intelligence concluded last year that Iran would not be technically able to devise a nuclear weapon before 2013 .
But a new intelligence estimate is due soon .
Iran has dismissed the intelligence reports cited by the IAEA as fabrication but failed to provide its own evidence .
Tehran has boycotted contact with the IAEA on the matter for 18 months .
The report , to be considered at a March 1 - 5 meeting of the IAEA ’s 35 - nation board , said it was vital for Iran to cooperate with IAEA investigators “ without further delay . ”
HIGHER ENRICHMENT
Last week , Iran announced a start to higher - scale enrichment , saying it was frustrated at the collapse of an IAEA - backed plan for big powers to provide it with fuel rods for nuclear medicine made from uranium refined to 20 percent purity .
The IAEA report complained that Iran had begun feeding low - enriched uranium ( LEU ) into centrifuges for higher refinement before inspectors could get to the scene in the Natanz pilot enrichment facility .
“ We have expressed our dissatisfaction , ” said the senior official close to the IAEA .
“ It is of paramount importance to have this information in a timely way to make sure there are no undeclared activities or facilities in Iran . ”
The big powers accused Iran of reneging on an agreement to ship out two - thirds of its LEU reserve to be turned into fuel rods for the medical reactor .
This would have prevented Iran retaining enough of the material to fuel a nuclear weapon , if it were refined to about 90 percent purity .
Only France , one party to the U.N. draft deal , and Argentina are known to possess the technology .
So analysts ask why Iran would enrich uranium well above its needs , except to lay the groundwork for producing bomb - grade uranium .
The report further said that Iran had increased its LEU stockpile by some 300 kg ( 660 pounds ) to 2.06 tons since November -- enough for one or two nuclear bombs if enriched to 90 percent purity .
The IAEA said over nine - tenths of the LEU stockpile had been earmarked for enrichment up to 20 percent , a significant mark as further enrichment up to 90 percent may need only a few months .
But the report also attested to stagnating capacity at Natanz .
It said the number of operating centrifuges had dropped to 3,772 from nearly 4,000 .
This was well under half of all the machines installed in Natanz , the report indicated .
Analysts and diplomats close to the IAEA say Iran may be having serious mechanical problems in keeping thousands of antiquated centrifuges running in unison .
But the senior official said Iran appeared to be shifting focus to a second enrichment site at Fordow near Qom , which Iran has said will preserve the program if foes bomb Natanz .
The Identity and Passport Service 's hilariously triste efforts to make ID cards cuddly has passed another millstone ( shurely ' milestone ? ' - Ed ) .
As a follow - up to plastering its propaganda with happy fingerprints , IPS now has a flash animation of them as well - derived , weirdly , from a movie you might be familiar with .
With a cast of several , IPS , The Movie re-enacts that famous scene from Spartacus with talking fingerprints .
Grief , what were they thinking ?
An angry - looking mob of fingerprints jostles for position , each crying " I'm Spartacus ! "
These , presumably , are terrorist , ID and / or benefit - thieving fingerprints .
Or possibly underage drinking fingerprints .
Best round them up .
Roman ID thieves rounded up
But how can we tell which one of them is n't lying ?
Ah , here he is …
All fixed with the help of magic ID Card .
Does n't look a lot like his picture , though , does he ?
Whatever , if he really is Spartacus , ringleader of a revolution intended to overthrow the government and turn Roman society upside down , we 'd best nick him .
He 's Spartacus
And seeing the rest of them are obvious ID frauds , we 'd best nick them too .
So that 's that one nailed then , all thanks to ID cards .
So the take - away from this little effort must be that ID cards protect your identity , then pass it on to the forces of law and order ( or possibly repression , if we 're following the movie here ) , who then crucify you ?
Yup , that 's what they must mean .
Brilliant , that 'll really get demand for ID cards moving in Manchester . ®
Roberts shut down attempts at greater oversight of enhanced interrogation , memo shows
Republican Sen .
Pat Roberts is disputing a CIA memo that says he approved the destruction of videotape showing the CIA waterboarding Al Qaeda suspect Abu Zubaydah .
In documents released by the federal government Monday , CIA congressional liaison Stanley M. Moskowitz describes a meeting with Sen.
Roberts , then the chair of the Senate Intelligence Committee , in which the senator was informed of the “ enhanced interrogation techniques ” being used on Zubaydah , particularly waterboarding , as well as the existence of videotape documenting the interrogation sessions .
ADVERTISEMENT
A CIA lawyer “ indicated that it was our intention to destroy these tapes , which were created in any case as but an aide to the interrogations , ” the memo states .
“ Senator Roberts listened carefully and gave his consent . ”
An aide for Sen . Roberts disputes that claim .
“ At no time did Senator Roberts assent to the destruction of any videotapes , ” spokeswoman Sarah Little said , as quoted at Politico .
“ Sen . Roberts today called on the Justice Department to release all the memoranda that exist regarding briefings for all members of Congress . ”
The CIA destroyed 92 tapes of interrogations of Zubaydah and another terror suspect , Abd al - Rahim al - Nashiri , in November 2005 , reports the New York Times .
Last year , Attorney General Eric Holder appointed a special prosecutor to investigate whether any laws were broken in the destruction of the tape .
The special prosecutor will also look into whether any of the CIA ’s enhanced interrogations exceeded the arguably liberal standards set out by the Bush administration , and whether those incidents can be prosecuted .
ADVERTISEMENT
The CIA memo was released as part of a years - long effort by three groups — Amnesty International , the Center for Constitutional Rights and the Center for Human Rights and Global Justice — to lift the veil of secrecy over the CIA ’s enhanced interrogation techniques .
The documents were released under a freedom - of - information request .
The documents obtained by the groups can be found here .
In a press release , the groups allege that Sen. Roberts “ discontinued efforts by previous chair Senator Bob Graham ( D - FL ) to implement greater oversight of these programs , thus abdicating the role of Congress in overseeing the CIA rendition , secret detention , and torture programs . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
The CIA memo notes that , when CIA liaisons argued against Sen .
Graham ’s earlier suggestion that Congress “ undertake its own ‘ assessment ’ of the enhanced interrogation , ” Sen .
Roberts “ interjected that he saw no reason for the committee to pursue such a request and could think of ‘ 10 reasons right off why it is a terrible idea . ' ”
Blogger Marcy Wheeler at FireDogLake opines : “ And so it was that Pat Roberts , in one of his first actions as SSCI Chair , squelched an effort that might have prevented the torture program from metastasizing across our counter - terrorist ( and Iraqi ) efforts . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
It would later emerge that Zubaydah was waterboarded 183 times in a one - month period in US custody , and was waterboarded before the technique was approved by the Bush administration .
And while many defenders of the Bush administration ’s interrogation techniques have argued that Zubaydah ’s interrogation yielded plenty of useful information , it emerged last year that investigators had decided that Zubaydah was n’t nearly as important to Al Qaeda as they had originally thought , and may not even have officially been a member of the organization .
In 2005 , Roberts was one of only nine US senators to vote against the Detainee Treatment Act , which prohibits inhumane treatment of prisoners and requires investigators to follow the Army Field Manual in carrying out interrogations .
Massachusetts House Speaker Robert DeLeo wants the NHL to bring an outdoor game to Boston every year .
Following the success of last week 's 2010 Bridgestone NHL Winter Classic , DeLeo sent a letter to NHL Commissioner Gary Bettman , asking him to consider having an outdoor game featuring the Bruins somewhere in the Greater Boston area each year .
" For the NHL , maintaining a permanent outdoor presence in Boston could help to both solidify the league 's base in our area and help ensure a healthy future for the game , " DeLeo wrote in the letter .
" It is my hope that this event can be recreated -- even if not on New Year 's Day , of course -- in the years ahead .
As last week 's game showed , fans in Boston -- the ‘ Hub of Hockey ' and the best sports town in America -- are eager to support an outdoor hockey game year after year .
" A sellout crowd of 38,112 watched as the Bruins beat the Philadelphia Flyers 2 - 1 in overtime at the third annual Winter Classic -- a game that was played on an outdoor rink inside Fenway Park on New Year 's Day .
The Winter Classic , along with a celebrity and Bruins legends game the next day , corporate events at the rink and a college hockey doubleheader scheduled for Friday night , are credited with giving a boost to local restaurants and other are businesses during a slow time of the year .
" Obviously , this year 's Winter Classic was a boon to our local economy as ( Commissioner Bettman ) stated in interviews prior to the contest , " DeLeo wrote .
" This unexpected restaurant and hotel revenue served as a shot in the arm at a time our state needs it most . "
( CNN ) --
Three police cars pulled into Christina FourHorn 's front yard one afternoon just before she was supposed to pick up her daughter at school .
The officers had a warrant for her arrest .
" What do you mean robbery ? " FourHorn remembers asking the officers .
Her only brushes with the law had been a few speeding tickets .
She was locked up in a Colorado jail .
They took her clothes and other belongings and handed her an oversize black - and - white striped uniform .
She protested for five days , telling jailers the arrest was a mistake .
Finally , her husband borrowed enough money to bail her out .
" They would n't tell me the details , " she said .
Later , it became clear that FourHorn was right , that Denver police had arrested the wrong woman .
Police were searching for Christin Fourhorn , who lived in Oklahoma .
Their names were similar , and Christina FourHorn , a mother with no criminal record living in Sterling , Colorado , had been caught in the mix - up .
FourHorn went public about her case more than two years ago , filing a lawsuit that alleged the arrest violated her constitutional rights .
The Fourth Amendment protects citizens from arrest without probable cause .
The problem of mistaken arrests continues , said attorneys with the American Civil Liberties Union of Colorado .
The group , which represented FourHorn , calls Denver 's police work " recklessly sloppy . "
An ACLU mistaken identity lawsuit on behalf of four other people is pending against Colorado police agencies .
A mistaken identity arrest occurs almost every day , said policing experts and officials at the National Association of Criminal Defense Lawyers .
But most people taken into custody are released shortly after the mistake is realized .
Since the FourHorn case , the ACLU found at least 237 cases in Colorado in which police may have arrested the wrong person .
The figure is likely a small sample since police often release those wrongfully arrested before the first court appearance , the ACLU said .
" We are trying to demonstrate that this is a widespread practice , " said Mark Silverstein , an ACLU attorney who filed FourHorn 's suit in 2008 .
FourHorn 's case was settled , and the terms remain confidential .
" This is not some fluke in a rational system , " Silverstein said .
" It 's something that happens regularly , predictably , and therefore the city should be doing more to ameliorate the problem . "
Silverstein said his search of Colorado court records showed repeated examples of police arresting the wrong person :
" Defendant states this is not him and he has never driven a car !!!! " said one .
" Dismissed , wrong defendant .
Sister used her ID , " another said .
In 2009 , Denver 's Department of Safety found 51 cases in which a person claimed the warrant naming them was incorrect -- a number that 's a small fraction of the 46,864 people arrested that year .
A Denver police spokesman declined to comment on the mistaken identity arrests .
" While no one should be misidentified and incorrectly held in jail , we realize it can happen , " said Mary Dulacki , records coordinator for Denver 's manager of safety .
Experts at the Legal & Liability Risk Management Institute said name similarities such as in the FourHorn case are a common reason for errors .
The group , based in Indianapolis , Indiana , trains police departments across the country on how to avoid mistaken arrests .
Other times , police may be relying on a person 's alias .
Suspects often give officers false names , which remain on their records as an alias .
Also computer typos and glitches lead to mistaken identity arrests , policing experts said .
An alias mistake allegedly occurred in March 2007 when Denver police arrested Muse Jama , a college student studying for an exam , under a warrant for a person named Ahmed Alia .
Jama 's name had popped up as one of Alia 's aliases .
Jama protested and showed the officers his identification cards .
Still , he was arrested and remained behind bars for eight days .
His lawsuit against the Denver Police Department , filed in 2008 , is pending .
" Naturally police think people are lying when the person says they did n't do it , " said Jack Ryan , an instructor at the Legal & Liability Risk Management Institute and police officer for two decades .
" But that does n't change the fact that there needs to be an investigation , " he added .
" The overall philosophy of justice in this country is that an innocent person should n't be locked up . "
In Christina FourHorn 's case , she was about 100 pounds heavier than the suspect , Christin Fourhorn .
Her middle name is Ann , while the suspect 's middle name is Blue .
She was also seven years older and did n't have a tattoo on her left arm , which the suspect did .
But the problem does n't exist solely in Colorado .
In New York this month , a 37 - year - old man filed his second lawsuit against the New York Police Department , alleging he was wrongfully arrested twice -- even after receiving a $ 120,000 settlement for an earlier mistaken arrest .
In Florida , several mistaken identity arrest cases made headlines in 2009 .
One case included a Naples high school coach who was arrested on drug charges because of identity theft .
Advances in fingerprinting technology have made it faster for police to identify the right person .
But police departments across the country continue to face obstacles .
An agency that issues the warrant may not be the same agency that makes the arrest and puts a person in jail , according to criminal justice experts .
Even when faced with protests , jail officials can't get to the bottom of things until they get in touch with the warrant - issuing agency , attorneys said .
Arrests can cross state lines , which can take weeks or months to clear up , said William Buckman , co-chair of the National Association of Criminal Defense Lawyers ' Law Enforcement and Prosecutorial Committee .
" Too often law enforcement does n't reinvestigate , does n't call for a superior , " he said .
Buckman , who practices in New Jersey , said he gets several calls a month from people caught up in mistaken identity arrests .
The growing frequency of identity theft also has put a strain on officers , said Jay Foley , head of the Identity Theft Resource Center in California .
One part of Foley 's job is to help victims of identity theft and mistaken identity arrests clear records .
Police need to keep a database that not only lists a suspect 's aliases but also includes information about the people who have been wrongly arrested , he said .
" You will have fewer people in jail , sitting and waiting , " Foley said .
In Denver , the police have developed a process to report when someone protests an arrest , claiming a case of mistaken identity .
Fourhorn is now 36 and still living in the same Colorado home where police arrested her .
She recently had her record expunged of the mistaken robbery and assault charges .
The process took almost two years , even though she should have never even been arrested in the first place .
The arrest almost cost her her nursing job , she said .
She said her family wo n't get back $ 3,500 her husband borrowed to pay a bondsman to get her out of jail .
When FourHorn sees a police car , she says she gets uneasy .
She knows she should n't .
But then again , she reasons : " If it happened once , it can happen again . "
The revolution will be televised .
Planners of the National Tea Party Convention , billed as a coming together for the conservative grassroots groups who sprang up in anti-stimulus protests last year , announced late Sunday that they would broadcast main parts of the convention , including the keynote by former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin on Saturday night .
The organizers suggested that they saw the broadcast as a solution to some of the criticism leveled at the convention over the last several weeks , as sponsors and participants have pulled out and grassroots tea party activists have complained that the ticket price — $ 549 — is too expensive for members of a movement that holds fiscal conservatism as a core value .
Activists had also raised an eyebrow at Ms. Palin ’s speaking fee , which reports have put at $ 100,000 .
Some former volunteers for Tea Party Nation , the for - profit social networking site behind the convention , have said that they resigned in protest over the ticket prices , and accused the organization of trying to profit off the movement .
And Tea Party Nation was criticized for limiting access to only those news organizations that it believes have given it “ fair ” coverage , a small group reported to be Fox News , the Wall Street Journal , BreitbartTV , World Net Daily and a few others , although organizers had said they were working to open up the convention to more media .
The announcement said that an internet media company , PJTV , along with Fox News , CNN and Reuters TV , would broadcast “ many ” of the proceedings of the convention this weekend in Nashville , as well as “ special interviews of delegates and speakers . ”
Mark Skoda , spokesman for the Tea Party Convention , said in a statement announcing the broadcast that the organization had long planned “ this surprise ” to allow more activists to participate .
The statement quoted Judson Phillips , the president of Tea Party Nation , saying , “ As we are all committed to grassroots activism , we wanted to share this event with those who could not come to Nashville . ”
The organization said the broadcast schedule would be posted on the National Tea Party Convention Web site .
Separately , Mr. Phillips ’ wife and a co-creator of the organization , Sherry , sent out an e-mail message to Tea Party Nation members that fought back against the criticism and also hinted at some of the divisions that remain within the movement .
She said that former Tea Party Nation members were “ unanimously banned from our site for reasons running the gamut from antagonism to passing on confidential information . ”
“ These members have been blogging , as well as discussing their association with liberal media outlets and conspiring with each other to ‘ Take TPN and this convention down . ’ ” she wrote .
One former member , she wrote , had said that Mr. Phillips boasted “ I want to make a million dollars from this movement . ”
Ms. Phillips said he never said any such thing — he said he wanted “ a million members . ”
Ms. Phillips said that two Republican congresswomen who last week canceled their appearances at the convention , Michele Bachmann of Minnesota and Marsha Blackburn of Tennessee , were “ rightfully concerned about backlash they will receive from the left - leaning Democrat controlled House Ethics Committee . ”
Ms. Phillips also said the convention expects to break even , and “ may even make a few thousand dollars to cover local operating costs of TPN . ”
The convention , she said , is sold out with a waiting list of 500 people .
As of Monday afternoon , the convention website said there were still banquet - only tickets available for Ms. Palin ’s speech .
SPEAKER OF THE HOUSE AND CHAIR OF HEALTH POLICY COMMITTEE SIGN AS CO - AUTHORS OF THE MINNESOTA HEALTH PLAN
~ Speaker of the House Margaret Anderson Kelliher and Rep. Paul Thissen , Chair of the Health and Human Services Policy Committee , also signed on as co-authors of the Minnesota Health Plan ( HF 135 / HF2256 ) at the start of the legislative session on Feb .
4 . Both are DFL candidates for Governor in 2010 .
There are now 73 co-authors on the bill , House and Senate combined , which is well over 1/3 of the Minnesota legislature .
MINNESOTA RESIDENTS AND SINGLE -PAYER ADVOCATES !
Sign - up to join the cause or to simply keep updated -
http://muhcc.org/
LET'S KEEP THE MOMENTUM GOING IN MINNESOTA AND CONTINUE THE FIGHT AROUND THE COUNTRY , STATE -TO - STATE !
" Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful , committed citizens can change the world .
Indeed , it is the only thing that ever has . "
~ Margaret Mead
Obama Contemplates Military Action In The US
There are ten positions available for appointment to the new “ Council of Governors ” that Obama has created .
Their mission is to advise the President on “ military activities in the United States ”
I am sure you all remember the fiasco coming out of Missouri several months ago .
You know , the ones where the police where advised that people with Ron Paul stickers on their car were “ right wing extremists ” .
Well , Obama decided to make use of the Governor from that state .
It was n’t bad enough that he had his state link various conservative organizations to domestic terrorism , but now , he is joining this advisory panel as well .
Governor Nixon is directly responsible for operating the fusion center and has been confirmed to be one of the nominees for this new panel , likely to head the p[panel .
It does not bode well for Americans when police are instructed to look for citizens who are concerned about abortion , gun restrictions , FEMA , IRS , the Federal Reserve etc .
Such actions will do nothing but create a police state .
A state , where you might get tazed if you cannot prove who you are .
Your walking papers please .
It is not too surprising that shortly after the Missouri documents were revealed , that a similar one also existed and was published by the Department of Homeland Security .
Funny , that is the same agency that will be working in conjunction with this new panel .
Looking at this , it is predictable that as the economy worsens , instead of getting better , this new panel will begin issuing similar edicts and start targeting conservatives and other freedom loving people .
Watch for the first steps of new legislation .
Perhaps on the restrictions of firearms , I mean , after all , they do n’t want people armed who are capable of defending themselves against what they are about to do .
If you were planning to create a police state where you controlled everyone by force , would you want them to have guns ?
The Tenth Amendment Center does not sit idly by while this is going on .
They are lobbying for new legislation that will limit the ability of National Guard troops for domestic use .
As an organization concerned with states rights , the 10th Amendment Center does not want any federal laws to hamper the states rights to run there own government by crossing jurisdictional bounds .
30 something czars exist already and now a new advisory panel ?
Like the czars , this panel is not approved by Congress .
Just who is actually running this country anyway ?
This president has nothing but contempt for our Constitution , Congress , the judiciary or the balance of powers .
He is quickly putting into place everything he needs to set himself up to become America ’s first dictator .
Well my good readers , what can we do about it and what actions are you willing to take to help stop this silent coup ?
Yours in Liberty
by Sunny Hundal
Very quietly , it seems , Glenn Beck has come to the UK .
Or at least his show has started broadcasting here on Fox News on Sky .
And for the last three days it has run without any advertising , thanks to a cross-Atlantic effort to keep up a boycott of the presenter .
The US based campaign ‘ Stop Beck ’ reports :
Glenn Beck ’s show in the United Kingdom has not run any commercials during the past three days ( Tues - Thurs ) .
Glenn Beck ’s show in the UK used to run commercials .
The shows that come on before and after Glenn Beck still run commercials .
But , for the past three days , Mr. Beck has n’t had any sponsors in the U.K .
During the commercial break , instead of running ads , they cut away to Sky News updates or the weather .
Perhaps they ’re having trouble finding sponsors willing to subsidize Glenn Beck ’s misinformation , vitriol , sexism and race - baiting ?
That is very likely to be the case .
The US campaign group has just confirmed three more advertisers that have dropped Glenn Beck , taking the total to 102 advertisers .
The British arm of the campaign launched recently and has been tracking advertisers on the show .
It confirmed that advertisers on the show are slowly petering out .
Past sponsors include Calvin Klein , Simply Health , Land Rover , McDonald ’s and Nintendo .
You can follow the UK arm of Stop Glenn Beck via their website or on Twitter .
Glenn
Beck first came to infamy by asking the first US Muslim congressman to prove he was not a terrorist .
He has since acquired a long history of spouting mad paranoia and misogyny .
Watch
Nairobi , Kenya ( CNN ) --
Kenyan wildlife officials are ferrying thousands of zebras and wildebeest to a park in the country 's south to feed starving lions and hyenas , and prevent a conflict with humans .
The animals will be hauled from four locations to restock Amboseli National Park 's population , which lost 80 percent of its herbivores in a recent drought , said Kentice Tikolo , spokeswoman for the Kenya Wildlife Service .
" It was the worst drought in 26 years , " Tikolo said .
" The Amboseli ecosystem was severely affected .
...
Lots of herbivores died , carnivores do n't have anything to feed on , and have been attacking neighboring livestock . "
The imbalance has sparked a row with villagers who lost animals in the drought and have threatened to kill lions and hyenas preying on remaining livestock .
Should the zebras be brought in to help the lions ?
" There are only 2,000 lions left nationwide , and we are concerned because the numbers are dropping , " the spokeswoman said .
" Maasais are getting angry and threatening to spear them -- the human versus wildlife conflict is getting out of hand -- and our carnivores are already greatly endangered . "
About 4,000 zebras and 3,000 wildebeest will be transferred to Amboseli .
The zebras will go first .
The wildebeest will follow , after calving season , Tikolo said .
Once at Amboseli , they 're expected to breed and sustain the lions over the long term .
Shipping the animals from Soysambu Conservancy in the Rift Valley and three other nearby locations will cost about $ 1.4 million , according to Tikolo .
The animals are herded into a funnel - shape enclosure using helicopters and loaded into trucks to Amboseli .
From there , they are released into the wild , she said .
Tourism is the second - largest source of foreign exchange in the east African nation .
About 20 percent of the income comes from tourism , with Amboseli as the second - highest earner , Tikolo said
Lions are among the big five -- the list of top wildlife tourist attractions in the nation .
Others are elephants , leopards , rhinos and buffalo .
One could not want a better vignette of the gulf that has opened up between our “ political class ” and the rest of us than a bizarre little item which emerged last week on an obscure part of the European Commission ’s website .
The British Government , as revealed by the EU ’s Official Journal , has allocated £ 60 million of taxpayers ’ money to be spent on buying carbon credits from the Third World for the use of government buildings and other official purposes – so that our civil servants can continue to benefit from the CO2 emissions needed to keep their offices warm and lit .
The Iranian Nuclear Question
Diverging Interests and Grand Strategy
Israel 's Options
This weekend 's newspapers were filled with stories about how the United States is providing ballistic missile defense ( BMD ) to four countries on the Arabian Peninsula .
The New York Times carried a front - page story on the United States providing anti-missile defenses to Kuwait , the United Arab Emirates , Qatar and Oman , as well as stationing BMD - capable , Aegis - equipped warships in the Persian Gulf .
Meanwhile , the front page of The Washington Post carried a story saying that " the Obama administration is quietly working with Saudi Arabia and other Persian Gulf allies to speed up arms sales and rapidly upgrade defenses for oil terminals and other key infrastructure in a bid to thwart future attacks by Iran , according to former and current U.S. and Middle Eastern government officials . "
Obviously , the work is no longer " quiet . "
In fact , Washington has been publicly engaged in upgrading defensive systems in the area for some time .
Central Command head Gen. David Petraeus recently said the four countries named by the Times were receiving BMD - capable Patriot Advanced Capability - 3 ( PAC - 3 ) batteries , and at the end of October the United States carried out its largest - ever military exercises with Israel , known as Juniper Cobra .
More interesting than the stories themselves was the Obama administration 's decision to launch a major public relations campaign this weekend regarding these moves .
And the most intriguing question out of all this is why the administration decided to call everyone 's attention to these defensive measures while not mentioning any offensive options .
U.S. President Barack Obama spent little time on foreign policy in his Jan. 27 State of the Union message , though he did make a short , sharp reference to Iran .
He promised a strong response to Tehran if it continued its present course ; though this could have been pro forma , it seemed quite pointed .
Early in his administration , Obama had said he would give the Iranians until the end of 2009 to change their policy on nuclear weapons development .
But the end of 2009 came , and the Iranians continued their policy .
All along , Obama has focused on diplomacy on the Iran question .
To be more precise , he has focused on bringing together a coalition prepared to impose " crippling sanctions " on the Iranians .
The most crippling sanction would be stopping Iran 's gasoline imports , as Tehran imports about 35 percent of its gasoline .
Such sanctions are now unlikely , as China has made clear that it is not prepared to participate — and that was before the most recent round of U.S. weapon sales to Taiwan .
Similarly , while the Russians have indicated that their participation in sanctions is not completely out of the question , they also have made clear that time for sanctions is not near .
We suspect that the Russian time frame for sanctions will keep getting pushed back .
Therefore , the diplomatic option appears to have dissolved .
The Israelis have said they regard February as the decisive month for sanctions , which they have indicated is based on an agreement with the United States .
While previous deadlines of various sorts regarding Iran have come and gone , there is really no room after February .
If no progress is made on sanctions and no action follows , then the decision has been made by default that a nuclear - armed Iran is acceptable .
The Americans and the Israelis have somewhat different views of this based on different geopolitical realities .
The Americans have seen a number of apparently extreme and dangerous countries develop nuclear weapons .
The most important example was Maoist China .
Mao Zedong had argued that a nuclear war was not particularly dangerous to China , as it could lose several hundred million people and still win the war .
But once China developed nuclear weapons , the wild talk subsided and China behaved quite cautiously .
From this experience , the United States developed a two - stage strategy .
First , the United States believed that while the spread of nuclear weapons is a danger , countries tend to be circumspect after acquiring nuclear weapons .
Therefore , overreaction by United States to the acquisition of nuclear weapons by other countries is unnecessary and unwise .
Second , since the United States is a big country with widely dispersed population and a massive nuclear arsenal , a reckless country that launched some weapons at the United States would do minimal harm to the United States while the other country would face annihilation .
And the United States has emphasized BMD to further mitigate — if not eliminate — the threat of such a limited strike to the United States .
Israel 's geography forces it to see things differently .
Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has said Israel should be wiped off the face of the Earth while simultaneously working to attain nuclear weapons .
While the Americans take comfort in the view that the acquisition of nuclear weapons has a sobering effect on a new nuclear power , the Israelis do n't think the Chinese case necessarily can be generalized .
Moreover , the United States is outside the range of the Iranians ' current ballistic missile arsenal while Israel is not .
And a nuclear strike would have a particularly devastating effect on Israel .
Unlike the United States , Israel is small country with a highly concentrated population .
A strike with just one or two weapons could destroy Israel .
Therefore , Israel has a very different threshold for risk as far as Iran is concerned .
For Israel , a nuclear strike from Iran is improbable , but would be catastrophic if it happened .
For the United States , the risk of an Iranian strike is far more remote , and would be painful but not catastrophic if it happened .
The two countries thus approach the situation very differently .
How close the Iranians are to having a deliverable nuclear weapon is , of course , a significant consideration in all this .
Iran has not yet achieved a testable nuclear device .
Logic tells us they are quite far from a deliverable nuclear weapon .
But the ability to trust logic varies as the risk grows .
The United States ( and this is true for both the Bush and Obama administrations ) has been much more willing to play for time than Israel can afford to be .
For Israel , all intelligence must be read in the context of worst - case scenarios .
It is also important to remember that Israel is much less dependent on the United States than it was in 1973 .
Though U.S. aid to Israel continues , it is now a much smaller percentage of Israeli gross domestic product .
Moreover , the threat of sudden conventional attack by Israel 's immediate neighbors has disappeared .
Egypt is at peace with Israel , and in any case , its military is too weak to mount an attack .
Jordan is effectively an Israeli ally .
Only Syria is hostile , but it presents no conventional military threat .
Israel previously has relied on guarantees that the United States would rush aid to Israel in the event of war .
But it has been a generation since this has been a major consideration for Israel .
In the minds of many , the Israeli - U.S. relationship is stuck in the past .
Israel is not critical to American interests the way it was during the Cold War .
And Israel does not need the United States the way it did during the Cold War .
While there is intelligence cooperation in the struggle against jihadists , even here American and Israeli interests diverge .
And this means that the United States no longer has Israeli national security as an overriding consideration — and that the United States cannot compel Israel to pursue policies Israel regards as dangerous .
Given all of this , the Obama administration 's decision to launch a public relations campaign on defensive measures just before February makes perfect sense .
If Iran develops a nuclear capability , a defensive capability might shift Iran 's calculus of the risks and rewards of the military option .
Assume , for example , that the Iranians decided to launch a nuclear missile at Israel or Iran 's Arab neighbors with which its relations are not the best .
Iran would have only a handful of missiles , and perhaps just one .
Launching that one missile only to have it shot down would represent the worst - case scenario for Iran .
Tehran would have lost a valuable military asset , it would not have achieved its goal and it would have invited a devastating counterstrike .
Anything the United States can do to increase the likelihood of an Iranian failure therefore decreases the likelihood that Iran would strike until they have more delivery systems and more fissile material for manufacturing more weapons .
The U.S. announcement of the defensive measures therefore has three audiences : Iran , Israel and the American public .
Israel and Iran obviously know all about American efforts , meaning the key audience is the American public .
The administration is trying to deflect American concerns about Iran generated both by reality and Israel by showing that effective steps are being taken .
There are two key weapon systems being deployed , the PAC - 3 and the Aegis / Standard Missile - 3 ( SM - 3 ) .
The original Patriot , primarily an anti-aircraft system , had a poor record — especially as a BMD system — during the first Gulf War .
But that was almost 20 years ago .
The new system is regarded as much more effective as a terminal - phase BMD system , such as the medium - range ballistic missiles ( MRBMs ) developed by Iran , and performed much more impressively in this role during the opening of Operation Iraqi Freedom in March 2003 .
In addition , Juniper Cobra served to further integrate a series of American and Israeli BMD interceptors and sensors , building a more redundant and layered system .
This operation also included the SM - 3 , which is deployed aboard specially modified Aegis - equipped guided missile cruisers and destroyers .
The SM - 3 is one of the most successful BMD technologies currently in the field and successfully brought down a wayward U.S. spy satellite in 2008 .
Nevertheless , a series of Iranian Shahab - 3s is a different threat than a few Iraqi Scuds , and the PAC - 3 and SM - 3 have yet to be proven in combat against such MRBMs — something the Israelis are no doubt aware of .
War planners must calculate the incalculable ; that is what makes good generals pessimists .
The Obama administration does not want to mount an offensive action against Iran .
Such an operation would not be a single strike like the 1981 Osirak attack in Iraq .
Iran has multiple nuclear sites buried deep and surrounded by air defenses .
And assessing the effectiveness of airstrikes would be a nightmare .
Many days of combat at a minimum probably would be required , and like the effectiveness of defensive weapons systems , the quality of intelligence about which locations to hit can not be known until after the battle .
A defensive posture therefore makes perfect sense for the United States .
Washington can simply defend its allies , letting them absorb the risk and then the first strike before the United States counterstrikes rather than rely on its intelligence and offensive forces in a pre-emptive strike .
This defensive posture on Iran fits American grand strategy , which is always to shift such risk to partners in exchange for technology and long - term guarantees .
The Arabian states can live with this , albeit nervously , since they are not the likely targets .
But Israel finds its assigned role in U.S. grand strategy far more difficult to stomach .
In the unlikely event that Iran actually does develop a weapon and does strike , Israel is the likely target .
If the defensive measures do not convince Iran to abandon its program and if the Patriots allow a missile to leak through , Israel has a national catastrophe .
It faces an unlikely event with unacceptable consequences .
It has options , although a long - range conventional airstrike against Iran is really not one of them .
Carrying out a multiday or even multiweek air campaign with Israel 's available force is too likely to be insufficient and too likely to fail .
Israel 's most effective option for taking out Iran 's nuclear activities is itself nuclear .
Israel could strike Iran from submarines if it genuinely intended to stop Iran 's program .
The problem with this is that much of the Iranian nuclear program is sited near large cities , including Tehran .
Depending on the nuclear weapons used and their precision , any Israeli strikes could thus turn into city - killers .
Israel is not able to live in a region where nuclear weapons are used in counterpopulation strikes ( regardless of the actual intent behind launching ) .
Mounting such a strike could unravel the careful balance of power Israel has created and threaten relationships it needs .
And while Israel may not be as dependent on the United States as it once was , it does not want the United States completely distancing itself from Israel , as Washington doubtless would after an Israeli nuclear strike .
The Israelis want Iran 's nuclear program destroyed , but they do not want to be the ones to try to do it .
Only the United States has the force needed to carry out the strike conventionally .
But like the Bush administration , the Obama administration is not confident in its ability to remove the Iranian program surgically .
Washington is concerned that any air campaign would have an indeterminate outcome and would require extremely difficult ground operations to determine the strikes ' success or failure .
Perhaps even more complicated is the U.S. ability to manage the consequences , such as a potential attempt by Iran to close the Strait of Hormuz and Iranian meddling in already extremely delicate situations in Iraq and Afghanistan .
As Iran does not threaten the United States , the United States therefore is in no hurry to initiate combat .
And so the United States has launched a public relations campaign about defensive measures , hoping to affect Iranian calculations while remaining content to let the game play itself out .
Israel 's option is to respond to the United States with its intent to go nuclear , something Washington does not want in a region where U.S. troops are fighting in countries on either side of Iran .
Israel might calculate that its announcement would force the United States to pre-empt an Israeli nuclear strike with conventional strikes .
But the American response to Israel cannot be predicted .
It is therefore dangerous for a small regional power to try to corner a global power .
With the adoption of a defensive posture , we have now seen the U.S. response to the February deadline .
This response closes off no U.S. options ( the United States can always shift its strategy when intelligence indicates ) , it increases the Arabian Peninsula 's dependence on the United States , and it possibly causes Iran to recalculate its position .
Israel , meanwhile , finds itself in a box , because the United States calculates that Israel will not chance a conventional strike and fears a nuclear strike on Iran as much as the United States does .
In the end , Obama has followed the Bush strategy on Iran — make vague threats , try to build a coalition , hold Israel off with vague promises , protect the Arabian Peninsula , and wait — to the letter .
But along with this announcement , we would expect to begin to see a series of articles on the offensive deployment of U.S. forces , as good defensive posture requires a strong offensive option .
" What happened in Whistler , what happened to the Georgian athlete , " says Werner Hoeger , a two - time Olympic luger , " I thoroughly believe that the [ International Luge Federation ] , Canadian Luge Association , and the IOC are responsible . "
Advertisement
Hoeger is now something of his sport 's Silkwood .
As The New York Times reported yesterday , he had warned both the Canadian and international luge governing bodies about safety hazards at the Whistler Sliding Centre , where Georgian luger Nodar Kumaritashvili was killed last week .
Hoeger , a former Boise State professor who represented Venezuela at the 2002 and 2006 Games , had sustained a concussion while training on the same track in November .
That 's only part of the story , though .
Hoeger 's ordeal , which dates back to a request in 2009 for make - up training runs at Whistler following an ankle injury and which was chronicled in e-mail after e-mail to luge 's governing bodies , suggests a sport operating in a jurisdictional clusterfuck with a breezy disregard for both its own rules and the health of its athletes .
Hoeger has given us his correspondence with the International Luge Federation ( FIL ) , the Canadian Luge Association , and the IOC .
We begin with letters from the CLA 's executive director and from its president , denying Hoeger 's request for extra training time :
Dear Werner , I was forwarded your request for extra training on the Whistler Olympic track that you sent to Wolfgang .
We understand the unfortunate situation you have been put in due to your injury , but you are not the only athlete that has missed training due to injury or another circumstance .
Our position has not changed on these extra training requests , we cannot allow extra training outside what is offered for all athletes .
As I told you before , we have many asking for extra training due to an infinite amount of reasons , and once we say yes to one we would have to say yes to all .
The FIL and VANOC [ Vancouver Organizing Committee for the 2010 Olympic and Paralympic Winter Games ] have agreed to add extra training runs to the upcoming ITW in Whistler making the amount of runs offered 20 for that week .
During this week you will be permitted to train at a lower start until the completion of Wednesday 's training ( 8 runs ) .
Further to this , if you qualify for the Olympic Games , but do not qualify for a World Cup , you will be permitted to take part in another training week during the month of January .
With all the extra training runs requested by the FIL ( above what the IRO provides ) and provided by VANOC , plus the fact that VANOC is providing all the required IRO training , athletes have received almost 3 times the amount of training runs that were offered in Torino .
I am sorry that we cannot provide you what you are looking for .
Tim Farstad
Executive Director
Canadian Luge Association
Dear Werner ,
As the President of the Canadian Luge Association , ultimately I am responsible for the decision Tim has communicated to you .
I can appreciate your situation and understand the rationale for your request .
However , it does not change our position regarding international training at the Whistler track .
As Tim noted , if you meet the criteria established by the FIL for additional training in January you will be invited to participate .
This extra training in January is established to provide athletes such as you the opportunity to gain the experience to slide the track safely and represent the sport well .
I wish you success in your quest to qualify for the 2010 Olympics and look forward to seeing you in Whistler during the International Training Week .
Best regards , Ed Moffat
President
Canadian Luge Association
On a track like Whistler 's , trumpeted as one of the fastest in the world , training time is crucial , especially to a mid-level luger like Hoeger .
( Hoeger points out that the track was homologated — certified — by a handful of elite lugers , as is customary : " The question I have is , Why do they only invite the top eight athletes in the world ?
They do n't have the middle class .
They do n't have lower - level athletes .
Those are the ones most likely to have problems because they do n't have the skills the top athletes have . " )
In November , on Hoeger 's first run at Whistler , he emerged from Curve 2 veering to the right .
He remembers little of what happened next — only that he jerked his sled to the left , then bounced off an unprotected opening in the wall where the women 's starting ramp meets the track .
He was knocked unconscious and came to roughly 150 yards later , his head bouncing on the ice .
Later that afternoon , a barricade was installed at the opening .
" This track had been certified , " Hoeger says .
" That should 've been identified as a trouble spot .
It should 've had a barricade .
The fact that the barricade was built in the first place is an indication that it was needed .
The bobsled federation , the skeleton federation — they required that the barricade be in place at all times .
The luge federation did not .
Common sense is , sleds are sled — bobsleds , skeleton , luge . "
On Nov. 24 , Hoeger wrote the following e-mail to Ed Moffat , CLA president .
Mr. Ed Moffat
President , Canadian Luge Association &
2010 Olympic Luge Competition Race Director
As you know on Friday , November 13 , during the international luge training week in Whistler , Canada , no barricade wall had been placed at the end of the ladies ' start between the ladies ' start ramp and the track coming down from men's start .
All things considered , prior to this point , training had gone very well .
It was during my fourth training run from men's start that I brushed the right wall next to the ladies ' ramp and because of the width of the track at that point ( no barricade in place ) , instead of " siphoning " right through the track , I ended up with a concussion that was subsequently treated at a local health clinic in Whistler .
Due to the seriousness of the concussion that occurred between curves 2 and 3 , the attending physician at the clinic indicated that I should not train or compete for a period of 2 weeks .
It is my understanding that I finally came to rest in curve 6 , having no recollection of what happened in curves 3 , 4 , 5 , and 6 .
Upon my return home to Boise , Idaho , USA , Dr. Karl Watts performed a follow - up exam .
Today , 11 days after the accident , I still suffer from lightheadedness and a loss of balance .
As a result of the concussion , I had to forfeit any additional training in Whistler , racing last week in Calgary and this week in Igls .
In essence , following four additional years of financial , physical , and emotional sacrifices , my chances of qualifying for a third Olympics have all but vanished .
In this regard , I do have two questions .
Number one , why was n't the barricade put in place at the end of the ladies ' ramp ?
If the athletes ' personal safety is of utmost importance in this sport , it appears to me that it was negligence on the part of the event 's organizers not to put the barricade in place for all runs from men's start .
For safety reasons , it is common occurrence to have such barricades in place during international training weeks at the end of ladies ' ramps .
Further , I believe that common sense would have prevailed following last year 's serious crash at this same spot by a Swiss slider during the World Cup event .
Furthermore , it is my understanding that the barricade was safely put in place following my accident there and that another slider had a similar incident as mine but because the barricade was in place he was able to slide safely through the same spot .
Secondly , as it is well known by you , I suffered an ankle injury last year that precluded me from participating in the international training week in Whistler in November of 2008 and subsequently fully participate in the World Cup event held in Vancouver in February of this year .
Despite personal services I had provided the Canadian Luge Association when such were asked of me ( as a competing athlete , I was asked to serve as official interpreter at Teams Captain 's meetings for three World Cup events ) , I was repeatedly denied by the Canadian Luge Association numerous requests for makeup training runs .
In fact on July 10 , 2009 Tim Farstad , Executive Director of the Canadian Luge Association indicated that : " Our position has not changed on these extra training requests , we cannot allow extra training outside what is offered for all athletes .
As I told you before , we have many asking for extra training due to an infinite amount of reasons , and once we say yes to one we would have to say yes to all . '
And on July 12 , in your correspondence to me , you indicated that : " As the President of the Canadian Luge Association , ultimately I am responsible for the decision Tim has communicated to you . "
I now have to question why it is that you allowed another team from a different nation to train extensively in Whistler prior to the recent international training week in exchange for future runs on their track .
If this is really what took place , I have to question the integrity of the Canadian Luge Association and the fairness of the next Olympic Games to be held on Canadian Soil .
Furthermore , as I have attempted to adhere to all guidelines and regulations , I have found that such are commonly broken by various entities .
For instance , earlier this year the International Luge Federation ( FIL ) mandated systematic runs on February 13 and 14 , 2009 prior to the World Cup event for all athletes who were not in Whistler for the international training week in November 2008 .
I planned my trip accordingly to participate in this training .
I also followed up with Tim Farstad in early January to make sure that the training would in effect take place and that we would have time to make it over to Whistler on Friday February 13 following the Calgary Nations Cup on Thursday .
Tim indicated that the training would take place late Friday evening to allow time for the athletes to get to Whistler .
The FIL 's daily schedule also showed an additional training day ( ZT ) in Whistler on Monday the 16 .
Thus I was hoping to get the systematic runs and at least three training runs from ladies ' start on the 16 .
While in Calgary , I was notified by coach Ioan Apostol , FIL Development Coach , that the scheduled systematic runs on the 13 and 14 had been cancelled .
The Monday ZT was also canceled because we were now asked to take all six systematic runs from curves 7 and 6 on Monday .
I fully understand and support the fact that the safety , health , and well - being of the athletes comes first .
However , following the six runs on Monday , we were allowed only one systematic run from ladies ' start on Tuesday and were then instructed to move up to men's start .
Coach Apostol requested that I be allowed to take the next two runs from ladies ' start as well , but they denied this petition .
If safety was the main concern for the mandatory six systematic runs in the first place , I fail to understand how it is that after only one run from ladies start , it was mandated that I move up to men's start immediately .
In this regard , it would have been better to take only three systematic runs from either curves 6 and 7 and subsequently three or four from ladies ' start to have a better chance of making it safely up to men 's start .
Obviously , still not 100 % healthy and with limited training , I could not move up to men's start and was forced to forfeit the six official training runs plus the one Nation Cup run .
With the additional 18 to 20 runs that most athletes took in the month of November , I was now about 25 - 30 runs behind the rest of the world on the Whistler track .
I only had a total of 7 runs on the track .
During a subsequent conversation with Craig Lehto at the track in Whistler on Thursday February 19 , 2009 , I inquired about the difficulty in getting make - up training time at the track .
Although I believe that Craig knew about my situation ( because of the repeated correspondences sent to the Canadian Luge Association ) , he told me " you should have been here in November and that is your problem . "
He further stated " we also had scheduled systematic training last week and you did n't come either . "
I proceeded to explain my situation again and also mentioned that the said systematic training had been canceled .
He replied that the systematic training had not been canceled and that they were planning on 17 sleds for that training .
I reiterated that indeed the FIL had canceled the training and he indicated that this was the first time he heard about such cancellation .
I later became aware of the additional training week for the FIL group in November of this year .
The FIL , however , indicated that any athlete that could not slide safely down the Whistler track at the end of that week , would not be allowed to remain on the FIL team .
After watching training and racing in Whistler , however , I was concerned that one week may not be enough for an athlete to safely slide the track .
There were a large number of crashes on the track at the World Cup in February , even among the world 's elite athletes who already had more than 20 runs on this track .
Now , following my concussion , which I believe happened because of a lack of safety precautions on the track , it appears that I no longer have a chance to qualify for the upcoming Winter Olympic Games .
Thus , I hereby request that you explain to me why the safety barricade was not in place for all training runs from men's start and secondly why I was repeatedly denied make - up training runs when athletes from a different nation with much more training expertise than I have were given additional runs on the Whistler track ?
I will sincerely appreciate your prompt and honest response to my concerns .
Sincerely ,
Werner Hoeger
Venezuela Luge
Moffat did n't respond until Hoeger 's lawyer sent another letter , and only then to say that Hoeger 's training runs fell under VANOC 's jurisdiction , not his .
Hoeger then turned to Svein Romstad , the secretary general of the International Luge Federation .
By now , he 'd learned that Canadian officials had granted additional training time to Russian lugers in exchange for extra runs at the 2014 Winter Games in Sochi , Russia , a fairly common bit of Olympic horse - trading that nonetheless flew in the face of the Canadian federation 's assurance to Hoeger that it could not " allow extra training outside what is offered for all athletes . "
Here 's part of Hoeger 's message to Romstad :
You are also aware of the fact that after an additional training request for the Whistler track , on July 10 , 2009 Mr. Tim Farstad indicated that : " Our position has not changed on these extra training requests , we cannot allow extra training outside what is offered for all athletes .
As I told you before , we have many asking for extra training due to an infinite amount of reasons , and once we say yes to one we would have to say yes to all . "
My response to Mr. Farstad on July 11 was : " I am not asking for extra training but ‘ make - up ' training for runs missed due to what I believe is a very valid reason .
I think by now , most athletes on the WC circuit have about 30 runs on the Whistler track ( I have 7 ) .
What I fail to understand is why is it such a difficult task to provide ‘ make - up ' runs to athletes who have seriously and consistently participated in the WC circuit and for extenuating circumstances or legitimate hardships were not able to take part in the 2008 ITW in Whistler .
As an international athlete , coach and sports educator for more than 39 years , it just makes no sense to me .
I do believe that Canada Luge and VANOC can truly evaluate the legitimacy of each individual request and make a decision accordingly .
I do not believe that most athletes on the WC circuit would oppose such requests for make - up training .
In closing I would like to say that I am not asking for special privileges .
My motivation for the request that I have made is to be able to learn to slide the track safely and represent the sport with honor and dignity . "
On July 12 , in his correspondence to me , Mr. Edward Moffat indicated that : " As the President of the Canadian Luge Association , ultimately I am responsible for the decision Tim has communicated to you . "
Thus , after telling me one thing , the Canadian Luge Association has engaged in other inexcusable and unethical actions by trading training runs with the Russian luge team on the Whistler track for future runs for the Canadian team on the next Olympic track in Russia prior to the 2014 Olympic Games ( the Russian training took place prior to the international training week in November 2009 ) .
These actions lead me to question the integrity of Mr. Moffat , the Canadian Luge Association , and the fairness of the Olympic Games to be held on Canadian soil .
When Mr. Moffat says one thing , which I have in writing , and then the exact opposite happens , it tells me he is not a trustworthy individual .
While he has kept other athletes off the Whistler track , his actions directly benefited the Russian athletes and will benefit the Canadian athletes prior to the next Olympic Games .
Such actions show that he is not an impartial official .
Because of Mr. Moffat 's unethical action , I hereby ask that : 1 . Mr. Moffat be removed as race director for the luge event of the 2010 Olympic Games .
Any participating nation should question his integrity .
He can not be trusted as an impartial official .
2 . To make these next Olympic Games fair to all participating nations , all athletes should be offered , prior to the Vancouver Olympic Games , an equal number of runs on the Whistler track as the number of runs given to the Russian athletes during their training prior to the international training week this fall 2009 .
3 . The Canadian athletes forfeit the training runs that they unethically worked out with the Russian Luge Federation prior to the 2014 Olympic Winter Games .
4 . The Canadian Luge Association be reprimanded for their unethical actions and failure to provide a safe sliding environment for athletes participating in the international training week during the fall of 2009 .
I firmly believe that the concussion I sustained and the subsequent inability to take part in the rest of the Olympic qualification races was caused by failure on the part of the Whister Track leadership to provide a safe sliding environment and the unethical actions by the Canadian Luge Association .
I now have to ask , how can they ever restore the opportunity that I had to become the oldest athlete in the history of the Winter Olympics Games ?
I also believe that the FIL , as the world governing body for the sport of luge , needs to take the necessary steps and make a statement to insure that such events will not repeat themselves in the future .
Advertisement
Romstad 's response , in part :
You claim to not have wanted any special treatment in the qualifying process , yet ( pragmatically speaking ) any deviation from the schedule agreed to by the IOC , FIL and the organizers must be considered special treatment .
Your request for make - up runs can therefore only be defined as a special treatment if it had been granted .
Having said that , I completely understand your efforts trying to get make - up runs as your injury in the past season prevented you from participating in the 2008 ITW .
The FIL have also not stood in the way and would have welcomed it had you been granted the requested make - up training .
However , as the track owners and the organizers are under no obligation to provide such make - up training ( regardless how just the cause may appear to be ) , they are not in violation of any FIL rules .
It is from this point of view that the FIL has to view your situation .
For the upcoming Games in Vancouver , the FIL secured more training than we have ever had pre-Olympic for any Games .
These concessions were not easily obtained , but the Canadian organizers have conformed to our agreement .
Their denial of your request for make - up training falls outside our agreement as does providing additional training to the Russians .
With this in mind , I can only state that the Canadian organizer has done nothing inappropriate as it pertains to the FIL rules .
Therefore , in response to your request please see below : 1 . Mr. Moffat has extensive experience as a Race Director and has executed his responsibilities according to the rules of the FIL .
There has been nothing in his behavior as a Race Director to question his integrity and as such the FIL sees no valid reason for removing him from his position as Race Director for the Olympic Games .
2 . The CLA and track owners are perfectly entitled to enter into bilateral agreements for make - up or additional training outside the FIL schedule as they deem appropriate provided such training does not take place after January 1st , 2010 ( weaker nations exempted ) ( FIL and IOC rule ) .
As the FIL does not have ownership of the track it is something we cannot control .
As such we are also not in the position to mandate to the track owners to provide all athletes with the same number of runs as afforded the Russians now or in the future .
3 . Once again , the FIL is not in a position to mandate the CLA does not take the runs that have been granted to them by the Sochi track owners for the same reason as stated in point 2 .
4 . Since the CLA has fulfilled their obligations to the FIL in accordance with the agreement set forth for the 2010 Olympic Winter Games , the FIL sees no reason to reprimand the CLA .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
On Jan. 13 , Hoeger finally got a response regarding the barricade : an unsolicited letter from the director and senior legal counsel of VANOC , Chris Gear , who writes :
The safety measures that were in place at the time of Dr. Hoeger 's accident were in conformance with FIL standards , based on its experience in conducting international luge events , and consistent with widely accepted international practice .
The absence of a barricade at the Ladies '
Start when men's competitions or training was being conducted was mandated by the FIL .
Advertisement
Mandated .
" This shows the carelessness , how casual they are about the safety of the athletes , " says Hoeger , adding that the new tracks are " being built in such a way as to exceed the limitations of all the athletes in the world . "
He points out that the track used at the 1988 Olympics in Calgary was held to be one of the " easiest tracks in the world , " adding that , with Whistler , " the Canadians were trying to shake that stigma " — to " put some teeth in the track . "
The world of luge is an insular and Darwinian one that 's fundamentally tilted toward those already at the top .
It 's also highly secretive .
Even the construction of the sleds themselves is a shadowy affair , which further serves to benefit the sport 's elite .
" There are very few people in the world that really know how to manufacture the sleds , and for the smaller nations , those sleds are not available , " says Hoeger , who notes that luge etiquette demands that an athlete not look or touch someone else 's sled .
" In essence , it 's like driving a VW against a BMW . "
Advertisement
One week ago , Nodar Kumaritashvili , the No. 44 slider on the 65 - man World Cup circuit , went to a track that had been certified by the best sliders in the world , a group that does not include the likes of the No. 44 slider on the World Cup circuit .
Shortly after Curve 2 , he glided past a trouble spot that by FIL mandate was n't barricaded until Warner Hoeger 's head went bopping down the ice .
And as he emerged from Curve 16 , he drove his VW into the wall .
User error did n't kill Nodar Kumaritashvili , as the FIL has implied .
His sport did .
1071 VIEWS Share Tweet
Editor ’s Note :
Why is everything “ unexpected ” ???
By Bob Willis
Feb. 24 ( Bloomberg ) —
Sales of new homes in the U.S. unexpectedly fell in January to the lowest level on record , a sign that an extension of a government tax credit may not be enough to rekindle demand .
Purchases declined 11 percent to an annual pace of 309,000 , below the lowest forecast in a Bloomberg News survey of economists , from a 348,000 pace , figures from the Commerce Department showed today in Washington .
The median sales price dropped 2.4 percent from January 2009 and the supply of unsold homes increased .
The report underscores Federal Reserve Chairman Ben S. Bernanke ’s comments today that the economy is in a “ nascent ” recovery still requiring low interest rates .
Homebuilders face competition from foreclosed properties that have driven down prices at the same time companies are reluctant to create jobs .
“ The foreclosure flow is robbing demand from the new - homes market and that process seems to be strengthening , ” said Julia Coronado , a senior economist at BNP Paribas in New York , “ The new - homes market just ca n’t get off the floor .
If new homes suffer , construction suffers and jobs suffer . ”
Sales were projected to climb to a 354,000 annual pace from an originally reported 342,000 rate in December , according to the median estimate in a Bloomberg survey of 72 economists .
Forecasts ranged from 325,000 to 386,000 .
Stocks trimmed gains after the report , with the Standard & Poor ’s 500 Index rising 0.2 percent to 1,097.27 at 10:13 a.m. in New York .
Three Regions Drop
Three of the four U.S. regions showed declines in new - home sales last month , led by a 35 percent plunge in the Northeast .
Purchases fell 12 percent in the West and 9.5 percent in the South .
They rose 2.1 percent in the Midwest .
The median price of a new home in the U.S. decreased to $ 203,500 in January , the lowest since December 2003 , from $ 208,600 in the same month last year .
The supply of homes at the current sales rate increased to 9.1 months ’ worth , the highest since May 2009 .
Housing , the industry that spawned the sub - prime mortgage meltdown and triggered the worst recession in seven decades , appeared to be recovering in 2009 after a three - year decline .
Purchases of new homes have declined from an all - time high of 1.39 million reached in July 2005 .
They have declined 6.1 percent from January 2009 .
New - home purchases , which account for about 6 percent of the market , are considered a leading indicator because they are based on contract signings .
Sales of previously owned homes , which make up the remainder , are compiled from closings and reflect contracts signed weeks or months earlier .
Rising Foreclosures
Rising foreclosures are the main threat to a sustained housing recovery .
A record 3 million U.S. homes will be repossessed by lenders this year as unemployment and depressed home values leave borrowers unable to make their house payment or sell , according to a RealtyTrac Inc. forecast last month .
Last year there were 2.82 million foreclosures , the most since the Irvine , California - based company began compiling data in 2005 .
The lack of jobs is another hurdle .
Consumer confidence in February fell to its lowest level since April 2009 and a gauge of current conditions declined to the lowest level in 27 years on concerns about the labor market and the economy , the Conference Board reported yesterday .
Bernanke told Congress today that there are “ tentative ” signs of stabilization in the labor market , including fewer job cuts , a rise in factory employment and stronger demand for temporary help .
Job Market ‘ Weak ’
“ Notwithstanding these positive signs , the job market remains quite weak , with the unemployment rate near 10 percent and job openings scarce , ” Bernanke said in testimony to the House Financial Services Committee .
Economists surveyed by Bloomberg at the beginning of this month forecast unemployment this year will average 9.8 percent , just a percentage point below the historic post - war peak of 10.8 percent reached in November 1982 .
The end of Fed purchases of mortgage - backed securities , aimed at keeping borrowing costs low , represents another challenge for the housing industry .
The program is scheduled to expire at the end of March .
‘ Years to Recover ’
“ The housing market took several years to recover , following the downturn of the late 1980s and early 1990s , ” Robert Toll , chief executive officer of Toll Brothers Inc. , said in a statement today .
Toll Brothers , the largest U.S. luxury - home builder , said its first - quarter loss narrowed .
The Horsham , Pennsylvania - based company ’s new orders almost doubled in the three months ended Jan. 31 as the housing market showed signs of stabilizing .
To contact the report on this story : Bob Willis in Washington at bwillis@bloomberg.net
Last Updated : February 24 , 2010 10:18 EST
Reporter Raphael Rowe journeys into the rainforest of Borneo , where he uncovers evidence of palm oil companies developing plantations on protected land .
If consumers knew that buying their favourite chocolate bar contributed to the extinction of the orangutan and fuelled global warming , would they still treat themselves ?
The UK consumes huge amounts of palm oil , an ingredient found in scores of products including biscuits , fish fingers , cosmetics and toiletries .
Reporter Raphael Rowe journeys into the rainforest of Borneo , where he uncovers evidence of palm oil companies cutting down trees illegally and developing plantations on protected land , the deforestation releasing huge amounts of greenhouse gases into the global environment .
As the forest disappears , at a rate of two football pitches every minute , so too does the habitat of man 's closest cousins , the critically endangered orangutan .
Balanced Development
“ All instruction , programs , and services at BYU should make their own contribution toward the balanced development of the total person .
Such a broadly prepared individual will not only be capable of meeting personal challenge and change but will also bring strength to others in the tasks of home and family life , social relationships , civic duty , and service to mankind . ”
- From BYU 's Mission Statement
GOP Sen .
Bob Corker said he “ absolutely ” would be willing to buck his party to pass a bill cracking down on financial market abuses and creating new rules to prevent firms from becoming “ too big to fail . ”
The Tennessean , who is in the middle of his first Senate term , and Senate Banking Committee Chairman Chris Dodd of Connecticut , announced Thursday that they would negotiate the wide - ranging legislation .
The move came after Dodd reached an impasse with the panel ’s top Republican .
Corker , in an interview to run on C - SPAN on Sunday , suggested the regulatory overhaul discussions on Capitol Hill have not always been in good faith .
“ Do you want to get to ‘ yes ’ or do you want to get to ‘ no ’ as quickly as possible ? ”
Corker said , suggesting he believes he and Dodd can craft legislation that receives “ overwhelming ” support from members of both parties .
Asked if he’d be the sole GOP vote , Corker said : “ Absolutely .
I ’ve said that all along … Now again , it ’s got to be a good bill . ”
He also said he ’s hopeful that a number of other Republicans eventually will come on board .
Any legislation , he said , should “ set ground rules … but not be arbitrarily restrictive . ” …
Within an hour , Mr. Muhammad ’s family knew he had not made it over the pass , and they began calling his cellphone , only to get an out - of - service message .
Mr. Muhammad was alive and conscious in the darkness of his buried Toyota ; one of his passengers had been thrown out , and three others were injured .
It took him until 3 a.m.
Tuesday to find his cellphone , turn it on and call home .
Image A man outside a hospital in Charikar , Afghanistan , grieved for a victim of one of the 17 avalanches .
Credit ... Altaf Qadri / Associated Press
As he and hundreds of others lay buried , rescuers began arriving by helicopter and on foot .
“ We ’ve had many avalanches here , ” said the Parwan Province police chief , Maulana Sayedkhili .
“ This is the worst one ever . ”
Rescuers from the nearest village found a bus that had been buried , with just the rear bumper sticking out , according to one of the villagers , Azizullah ( who , like many Afghans , has only one name ) .
They started digging and found 14 people still alive , those in the back of the bus , closest to the surface .
Piled beneath them were 40 dead passengers .
In another car , officials found a dead woman and her seven children , all still alive .
At least four other children were reported to have lost their parents in the avalanches .
The governor of Parwan Province , Basir Salangi , estimated Wednesday that 50 vehicles remained buried .
Research performed by a scientist at Barrow Neurological Institute at St. Joseph's Hospital and Medical Center has shown that controlled breathing at a slowed rate can significantly reduce feelings of pain .
Chronic pain sufferers , specifically fibromyalgia ( FM ) patients , also reported less pain while breathing slowly , unless they were overwhelmed by negative feelings , sadness or depression .
The research was led by Arthur ( Bud ) Craig , PhD , at Barrow , and was done in collaboration with investigators in the Department of Psychology at Arizona State University .
It was published recently in PAIN , the refereed journal of the International Association for the Study of Pain ( IASP ) .
The findings offer an explanation for prior reports that mindful Zen meditation has beneficial effects on pain and that yogic breathing exercises can reduce feelings of depression .
These results also underline the role that a person 's positive or negative attitude can have on their feelings of pain .
The study involved two groups of women aged 45 to 65 .
One group was composed of women previously diagnosed with fibromyalgia , and the other group was " healthy controls . "
During the trial , participants were subjected to moderately painful heat pulses on their palms .
The heat pulses were administered while they were breathing at normal rates and when participants reduced their breathing rates by 50 percent .
After each heat pulse , participants were asked to report their feelings three ways : how strong the pain was ( pain intensity ) , how uncomfortable it was ( pain unpleasantness ) and how their mood varied ( affect ) .
The researchers analyzed the participants ' ratings of pain intensity and unpleasantness and found an overall reduction in reported pain when the healthy control participants were paced to breathe slowly .
However , fibromyalgia patients benefited from slow breathing only if they reported positive affect .
Other studies have shown that depression is a hallmark of fibromyalgia and that the connection between pain and emotion is particularly evident in people diagnosed with the fibromyalgia syndrome .
Results of the Barrow study showed that FM patients as a whole did not show a lessening of pain when breathing slowly , but those FM patients with strong positive affect as a trait ( meaning it is an aspect of their personality , not simply the situation ) did show some improvement .
" This fits with the idea that FM patients in general have low positive affect , or energy reserves .
Those who do have some positive energy left in their " mental battery " can use it to reduce pain by breathing slowly , just like healthy normals , " says Dr. Craig .
by
As I stated last week , Toyota ’s woes have been exactly what Detroit needed .
According to an article released by the Associated Press , General Motors and Ford both saw double - digit sales increase for the month of January .
Toyota ’s sales fell 16 % for the month .
Not coincidentally , January was the month that Toyota announced a massive recall of some of their most popular vehicles due to the fact the vehicle ’s gas pedals could stick .
And , considering the Secretary of Transportation , Ray LaHood , stated people should , “ stop driving it [ their Toyota ] and take it to a dealer , ” it would n’t surprise me if February is worse for Toyota , and better for the other car makers , than January was .
( Note : LaHood later explained his comments saying he meant owners should get their cars fixed as quickly as possible , not to completely give up on their Toyota . )
As I ’ve stated before , I think we ’re in the midst of a giant shift back to the idea that American cars are quality cars and , at the very least , on par with their foreign counterparts .
Obviously , situations like this only further that argument .
What are your thoughts ?
Â
Do you own a Toyota ? Â
Are you now thinking of buying an American car ?
Â
Do you not care either way ?
Â
Leave your comment below !
The US Supreme Court on Wednesday made it easier for police to make repeated attempts to convince a criminal suspect to undergo questioning – even after that suspect has invoked the right to first consult a lawyer .
In a 7 - to - 2 decision , the justices said police could contact the suspect again , provided at least two weeks had passed since the initial attempt to interrogate the individual .
In addition , the suspect must have also been released from police custody at least 14 days earlier .
The new rule emerged in the case of a Maryland man whose child abuse conviction was overturned by the Maryland Court of Appeals .
The man , Michael Shatzer , made incriminating statements to police about alleged child abuse during a 2006 interrogation .
Mr. Shatzer was in prison at the time , serving a sentence for a different crime .
Police had approached Shatzer two and a half years earlier , but he refused at that time to talk without first seeing a lawyer .
Were Miranda rights violated ?
The issue in the case was whether Shatzer ’s invocation of his Miranda rights in 2003 was violated by his subsequent interrogation by police in 2006 .
The Maryland Court of Appeals said it was .
The state judges threw out incriminating statements Shatzer made to police and invalidated his conviction .
On Wednesday , all nine Supreme Court justices reversed that ruling .
The court reasoned that two and a half years was enough time to allow police another opportunity to question Shatzer .
The decision is the second opinion involving Miranda warnings announced by the high court in as many days .
On Tuesday the court upheld a version of the Miranda warnings used by Tampa police .
The Florida Supreme Court had said the warnings were confusing , but the US Supreme Court said they were constitutionally adequate .
( See Monitor analysis here . )
Both rulings are consistent with a trend at the high court of ruling for law enforcement in Miranda cases .
Supreme Court rulings in this area have generally made it easier for police interrogators and more difficult for criminal suspects .
( Monitor coverage of a key police interrogation case here . )
The key issue for the justices in Wednesday ’s case was how to apply a 1981 legal precedent , Edwards v. Arizona .
The Edwards decision created a presumption that once a suspect invokes the right to have counsel present during a police interrogation , any subsequent waiver of that right is to be considered involuntary .
Involuntary statements are inadmissible as evidence in court .
Constitutional right against coerced self - incrimination
The 1981 Edwards decision was written in part to strengthen a suspect ’s assertion of the right to a lawyer .
Ultimately it is aimed at upholding Fifth Amendment protection against coerced self - incrimination while in police custody .
In the Shatzer case , all nine justices agreed that two and half years was a long enough break between the first attempted interrogation and the second .
But only seven justices agreed to establish the arbitrary 14 - day time limit for future cases .
“ We think it appropriate to specify a period of time to avoid the consequence that continuation of the [ open - ended ]
Edwards presumption will not reach the correct result most of the time , ” Justice Antonin Scalia wrote for the majority .
“ It seems to us that period is 14 days . ”
Justice Scalia added , “ That provides plenty of time for the suspect to get reacclimated to his normal life , to consult with friends and counsel , and to shake off any residual coercive effects of his prior custody . ”
Although he concurred in the judgment , Justice John Paul Stevens objected to creation of the 14 - day rule .
“ The most troubling aspect of the court ’s time - based rule is that it disregards the compulsion caused by a second ( or third , or fourth ) interrogation of an indigent suspect who was told that if he requests a lawyer , one will be provided for him . ”
Stevens added : “ If [ the police ] cease questioning and then reinterrogate the suspect 14 days later without providing him with a lawyer , the suspect is likely to feel that the police lied to him and that he really does not have any right to a lawyer . ”
Stevens said a long break in time between attempted interrogations may diminish the compulsion felt by a suspect facing re-interrogation by police .
But he added that 14 days was far too soon .
I 've been a big proponent of NoSQL for a while .
I have played with just about all of the new generation of data stores .
We almost got cassandra running in production once , and we 've been running mongodb in production for about six months now .
But , here 's the thing : as awesome as these new dbs are , they 're still young .
Our app generates a ton of data and gets pretty serious traffic .
So , we started hitting walls quickly .
To make a long story short , we decided to fall back to MySQL .
It 's battle hardened .
We know its production characteristics and limitations .
Backups are a science .
We know we can count on it .
But , we have a lot of data , and adding fields and indexes was starting to get painful .
Flexible schemas are one of the things that attracted me to NoSQL in the first place .
Then , I remembered this article about How FriendFeed uses MySQL to store schema - less data .
So , I decided to implement the system they describe in the article .
Since we put Friendly in to production , we 've seen a significant increase in site performance .
Friendly 's built - in caching has achieved a hit rate of 99.8 % .
We 're pretty happy with things so far .
Introducing Friendly
Friendly makes MySQL look like a document store .
When you save an object , it seralizes all of its attributes to JSON and stores them in a single field .
To query your data , Friendly creates and maintains indexes in separate tables .
It even has write - through and read - through caching built right in .
Let 's build a model :
class Post include Friendly :: Document attribute : author , String attribute : title , String attribute : body , String end
We can create objects using a familiar syntax :
Post .
create : author => " Stewie Griffin " , : title => " World Domination Plot " , : body => "
All the gory details here ... "
At this point , we can only query our models by id , which is n't great .
So , let 's add an index :
class Post indexes : author , : created_at end
Note that all friendly tables have automatically managed created_at and updated_at fields .
Now we can query our model by author :
Post . all ( : author => " Stewie Griffin " , : order ! => : created_at . desc )
With Friendly 's query syntax , all parameters are conditions , except modifiers , which end in !.
Since everybody obviously wants to read all about Stewie 's world domination plot , his site is getting hammered .
Let 's add some caching to make this outrageously fast :
class
Post caches_by : id end
Now , the Post. all query we performed above will only hit the database once , and the rest of the data will come from a single memcached multiget .
When we modify the row , Friendly will automatically update the cache .
If we try to access the row in cache and it's missing , Friendly will query the database for it , and stick the result in cache .
Currently , only caching by id is supported , but arbitrary caches are on the way .
Now what ?
I was too busy tapping away at my laptop to notice this little high - school trick .
Having mocked president Obama for using a TelePrompter - not long after he made mincemeat of Republicans with no such TelePrompter at their retreat - she had to scribble down her priorities as president on her palm for the truly tough - as - nails Q and A she had to endure for ten minutes or so last night .
Written on her hand :
" Energy " " Budget [ crossed out ] ( Cuts ) " " Tax " " Lift American spirits "
My favorite detail is " [ Budget ] Cuts " .
Which just about sums up the real Tea Party agenda on spending .
But it also suggests that she was told in advance of the questions she would be asked , one of which was what would be you priorities if you were elected president ?
Now think about this : she had to write on her hand her priorities as president .
I stand by my belief that none of this matters to the people who support her , and that she remains a very potent , content - free and destructive force in American politics .
But remember too that even before her Glenn Beck interview , she was furiously Googling the Empire State Building in case she was asked any obvious universally known facts about it , and before her debate with Biden , she was buried in little post - card notes on factual basics that most Americans know - but she , of course , did n't .
My live - blogging of this riveting event - and a brilliantly delivered speech full of nothing but slogans , pandering and zero policy specifics - can be read here , here and here .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
If you want to split models .
py into smaller chuncks you will possibly go the way of creating a models / directory .
But there is some gotchas that are well explained here :
​http://groups.google.com/group/django-users/browse_thread/thread/3266a22af6c39437/90eee86aa3e6f732
I propose to add this gotcha somewhere to the documentation , since it is something very common to do when the project grows .
By By Stephanie Dearing Jan 22 , 2010 in Crime Two Vancouver plains clothes police officers were responding to a domestic assault call when they knocked on the door of Yao Wei Wu. Everything went downhill rapidly from there .
“ The man resisted by striking out at the police and trying to slam the door , but the officers persisted in the belief that there may be a woman and child inside who could be in danger .
The man was arrested and received minor injuries to his face in the process .
Police called for medical assistance and the man was transported to Vancouver General Hospital as a precautionary measure . "
The release went on to state " The VPD regrets any inconvenience or trauma this may have caused the family . "
After Yao went public with his injuries , the Vancouver Police posted another press release stating an investigation into the incident had been launched .
The police have persisted in stating Yao resisted arrest until Friday , when that claim was
It is thought that Yao sustained a fracture of the bone around his eye in the violent confrontation .
He told Police Chief Jim Chu also personally apologised to Yao , who was recuperating at home after treatment at a hospital .
The police said they did manage to apprehend the man they were after .
Vancouver , British Columbia -
The officers had the correct building -- but the wrong apartment .
When they knocked on Yao Wei Wu's door , they had woken him up .
He came to the door -- and the police roughed Wu up .
The police issued a statement with a perfunctory apology about having gotten the wrong man Thursday that said
The release went on to stateAfter Yao went public with his injuries , the Vancouver Police posted another press release stating an investigation into the incident had been launched .
The police have persisted in stating Yao resisted arrest until Friday , when that claim was retracted
It is thought that Yao sustained a fracture of the bone around his eye in the violent confrontation .
He told press he was hit multiple times on the back , head and face , and he had not resisted them because they were armed .
Apparently the officers only realized their mistake when they had cuffed Yao and asked his name .
Yao said the officers failed to ask him for identification before they began to beat him .
Police Chief Jim
Chu also personally apologised to Yao , who was recuperating at home after treatment at a hospital .
The police said they did manage to apprehend the man they were after .
More about Vancouver police , Domestic assault , Plains clothes police , Jim chu , Yao wei More news from vancouver police domestic assault plains clothes polic ... jim chu yao wei police brutality
The Selfie mania is almost out of fashion .
Live streaming is now one of the beset and new way to present yourself to the entire world .
No matter if you are using a smartphone or any tablet , your circle of family and friends can now see you …
LOS ANGELES ( Reuters ) - Authorities shut down a California airport on Tuesday after a suspicious amber liquid in a passenger ’s bag tested positive for explosives -- only to ultimately determine that the substance was honey .
Francisco Ramirez , a 31 - year - old gardener who had been visiting family in the central California city of Bakersfield , was allowed to return home to Milwaukee .
“ The substances in the bottles did turn out to be honey .
They tested negative for all explosives and narcotics .
It is nothing but honey , ” FBI spokesman Steve Dupre told Reuters .
The security scare came as jitters gripped the U.S. travel industry in the aftermath of an unsuccessful Christmas Day attempt to blow up a Detroit - bound commercial flight from Amsterdam using explosives smuggled on board .
Meadows Field Airport in Bakersfield , about 100 miles north of Los Angeles , was shut down and evacuated for hours and flights diverted after the incident , which began when Ramirez ’ bag set of an alarm in a luggage - screening machine .
U.S. Transportation and Security administration screeners turned up five Gatorade bottles full of what they called a “ suspicious - looking liquid . ”
Swabs of the bag and bottles tested positive for the explosives TNT and TATP .
When the bottles were opened , two of the screeners smelled a strong chemical odor , complained of nausea and were rushed to a local hospital , where they treated and released , Kern County Sheriff ’s spokesman Michael Whorf said .
Kern County Sheriffs deputies , fire crews , FBI agents and members of a “ joint terrorism task force ” responded to the scene and spent the day questioning Ramirez before further tests showed that the liquid was honey .
After the all clear was given , officials said they were trying to determine why the honey tested positive for explosives and made the screeners so ill that they would need medical attention .
“ There are some questions I think are going to have to be followed up on , ” Dupre said .
He said that Ramirez was “ free to go ” and would likely be home in Milwaukee by Wednesday .
Ramirez , who Whorf described as “ very cooperative , ” had originally been booked on a flight from Bakersfield to Milwaukee with a connection through San Francisco .
In an unrelated incident halfway across the country on Tuesday , a bomb - sniffing dog detected what was thought to be explosives in a piece of luggage at the Minneapolis - St. Paul International Airport , prompting an evacuation of a terminal and delayed flights there .
No explosives were found in the bag .
As it turns out , the very rich did feel the pain of the global financial crisis  just not for long .
Last year , the Mei Moses Fine Art Index , which tracks changes in the price of artworks at auction , fell by 24 percent .
Its subindex for postwar and contemporary art , the preferred aesthetic of rich young financiers , was down a cold 30 percent .
But earlier this month , an anonymous art lover paid a record $ 104.3 million to scoop up “ Walking Man I , ” a 1960 sculpture by Alberto Giacometti .
Art , of course , is a window into the soul .
It builds meaning from thin air .
It measures the pulse of culture , the heartbeat of civilization .
All that .
But it also is a neat indicator of the unique economics that govern the lives of the Masters of the Universe who buy it .
Works of art are among those peculiar commodities whose appeal grow as their prices rise .
They are Veblen goods , named after Thorstein Veblen , the economist who posited that conspicuous consumption has an inherent purpose as a signal of status .
They work a little like that short - lived “ I Am Rich ” iPhone application , which for $ 999 flashed the picture of a red gem .
, Posted by Epitaph 11 years ago Contributed by ZachLeg , Posted by Bryne Yancey
Minneapolis , MN's Off with Their Heads have signed to Epitaph Records .
The band 's sophomore full - length and debut for the label is slated for a June 1 , 2010 release .
Frontman Ryan
Young commented on the signing :
" Brett [ Gurewitz ] just called me up one day and said he was a fan .
I was surprised to say the least , as a lot of the stuff that label has put out lately has been the exact opposite of what I am in to .
He seemed cool enough .
We talked about Rancid a lot .
Ten months later , we worked out a deal that made us both happy .
Now we have a new full length recorded and it will be coming out June 1st .
Nothing has changed , we just had the money to spend some time in the studio , so I 'm actually happy with how it turned out .
We have full creative control over everything we do , which is awesome . "
Once out , the new album will follow up the 2008 's From The Bottom .
If you ’ve ever heard any bluegrass country music , you might already be familiar with a mandolin .
While the mandolin is not as popular as the guitar , it produces unique sounds , blended with notes from other musical instruments , produces a piece of beautiful music .
Many popular music brands have used mandolin in their production .
They include White Stripes , Led Zeppelin , and R.E.M .
“ A friend of the Devil is a friend of mine , ” a famous rock song released in the 1970s by David Grisman and Jerry Garcia is a very good example of the mandolin in action .
In that song , you get to see how David and his partner leveraged acoustic instruments such as the mandolin to produce a remarkable and heart - touching song that became a big hit of the era .
They were some of the most famous mandolin players of their time .
Today , the mandolin is not only used in country music or rock songs but Latin music , Brazilian music , pop , jazz , and many others .
Also , many instrumentalists and musicians have earned accolades as world - class mandolin producers .
Learning how to play the mandolin is not hard at all .
Once you understand the basics , you will really enjoy and play it very much .
Read on to find the best beginner mandolin .
Top 8 Top Picks for The Best Beginner Mandolin
If you have read the guide to this level , you might have already know exactly what type of mandolin will be preferable for a beginner .
Generally , as a beginner mandolin player , you are new to this musical instrument .
You want to know the parts , functions , how to play and finally how to perform in front of a live audience if that ’s also part of your goal .
In the selection of what mandolin to buy as a beginner , there are various choices .
In the end , what you choose must be congruent and aligned with your goals .
In this regard , you want to keep your goals in mind while looking at the various make , models , and brands of the mandolin in the market for beginners .
To get started , the following are the four major mandolin brand categories :
Kentucky
Rogue
Gretsch
For each brand , there are different versions with exciting and interesting features .
You get to choose the brand and the version that will most likely help you achieve your goals in mind .
Before you proceed to buy , let ’s take a critical look at all these mandolin brands .
Best Mandolin Brands for Beginners
Below is a comprehensive review of some of the outstanding mandolin brands for beginners looking to get started with their play and move up - to - the pro level in the shortest possible time .
1. Kentucky
Kentucky mandolins are highly rated as a top- quality brand , perfectly designed to match the needs of any beginning or intermediate mandolin payer .
They are simple , easy to use , economical and best of all , very beautiful to behold .
Kentucky lends its brand name from the Bluegrass Country .
The brand is produced and managed by Saga Music , based in California .
Nonetheless , they have oversea production houses that handle most of the operations and manufacturing .
The brand is noted for their dedicated efforts and incredible artistic ability in producing high - grade mandolins in the world .
The following are the two most common versions of Kentucky : Kentucky KM - 272 Artist A - Style Mandolin and the Kentucky KM - 150 A - style Mandolin .
1.1 Kentucky KM - 276 Artist A - Style Mandolin
Kentucky , 8 - String Mandolin , Transparent ...
Solid carved Sitka Spruce top gives you clean articulation and a crisp , bright tone
Solid carved Maple back and sides for extra punch
Slim Maple neck for comfortable , easy action
Radiused choice East Indian rosewood Fingerboard ensures silky smooth playability
Transparent brown lacquer finish imparts Enhanced luster and beauty
The Kentucky KM - 276 Artist A - Style Mandolin picks up the feature of the old - fashioned style mandolin and leverages it to produce a unique A - style mandolin .
They have a unique tone with an antique style , crafted for the modern and beginning mandolinist .
To create a unique style for the Kentucky KM - 276 , the producers decided to carve a single , egg - shaped hole right in the middle of the mandolin , surrounded by a beautiful artistic display of designs that makes the entire mandolin attractive and irresistible to the shopper .
The Pros
They are a preferable choice for tradition or Celtic - type music .
They have a high - quality rating with attractive features .
They have a refined tone quality that is often missed in many other mandolins .
They come with a vintage - style of design , crafted in a modern way .
They create a great feeling when played .
They have a decent balance between the bass and the treble .
They are less expensive with prices ranging from $ 350 and above .
The Cons
Due to the structure , sizing , vintage style of design , and the tuning , it will take some amount of time before any beginner can get used to playing it .
The fine tone of its soundboard might not carry the same effect of the old - fashioned banjo , even though it has been designed in a vintage way .
Therefore , it might not be a good fit to play bluegrass .
1.2 Kentucky KM - 750 Artist A - Style Mandolin
Kentucky , 8 - String Mandolin , Sunburst , 0 ... Solid German spruce carved top gives you clean articulation and a crisp , bright tone
Solid flamed Alpine maple back and sides for extra punch
Slim Alpine maple neck for comfortable , easy action
Choice Santos Rosewood fingerboard ensures silky smooth play - ability
High - gloss sunburst finish for traditional beauty and luster
This version of Kentucky mandolin is similar to the earlier one .
But , there are some little variations that make it unique , different and outstanding .
Just like the Kentucky KM - 272 , it has a great structure , breath - taking designs , and unfailing construction .
The best of it all is that the price is quite lower than the other one , even though quality standards have not been compromised .
A typical one can be found at around $ 1,000 .
The Pros
It offers a high - quality standard .
The bridged truss rod can be adjusted to various levels .
It comes with a very nice finish that protects the wood .
It can easily be played by beginners .
The tone quality is worth bragging about .
The Cons
Even though it has a high - quality , the design style is not as creative as the other mandolin version .
It has a plastic strip button that can easily loose , break , or even detached from the entire body .
Its lower registry of tone quality that can be dull as compared to other mandolin brands .
2. Rogue
The Roque brand is known for creating remarkable designs at really low prices for the beginner mandolinist .
The brand has grown over the years with its products used all over the world by even the most experienced players .
If you have a limited budget and you ’re looking for a great mandolin that presents you features of the most expensive grades without compromising the quality , then Rogue comes to mind .
The design style has been tested and proven over the years as an expert in the market .
Basically , there are two common versions of the Roque brand : Roque RM - 100 F F - Style Mandolin and the Roque RM - 100A A - Style Mandolin .
2.1 Roque RM - 100F
This is a mandolin with the F - style with classic designs that enhances the outlook and makes it visually appealing to the buyer .
It is has a reliable and trustworthy construction , developed to be the flagship version of the Roque mandolin brand with a budget production cost .
The Pros
It is one of the most affordable F - style mandolins .
It has a better sound quality than the RM - 100A version .
It has a word - class F - style structure with classy designs .
A higher solo can be played due to the protruded neck area .
The Cons
The movable bridge is sometimes tough to adjust and might require expert help .
It has comparably low - ton quality when you take a look at other mandolins .
The relatively low - quality rating of the tuner can make it hard to have a perfect tune .
It might require professional help to adjust the movable bridge since it is sometimes tough to adjust .
It might not be suitable for the bluegrass music band as well as the ensembles .
2.2 Roque RM - 100A
Roque RM - 100A is one of the enviable mandolins with A - style that any beginner would be proud to have .
It boasts of a great finish which makes the entire mandolin look attractive , eye - catching , and appealing .
The finish is either sunburst or black , giving it a great look at a distance .
The exciting part if this beautiful piece of a musical instrument is priced at only $ 70 so that the average player can afford it .
The Pros
It comes at a very low price range so that any beginner can buy .
You can literally start learning to play the mandolin without breaking your bank .
It is great for those looking to learn and become better at playing .
It has a solid base of construction that makes it durable and strong .
The Cons
It can be hard and difficult to get the right tune
It has a great outlook yet the design does n’t make it unique from all others .
Even though it has a thick finish , it tends to affect go over to affect the tone quality .
There is no truss rod in the movable bridge area , thus the neck is susceptible to warping .
When the neck warps over time , the entire instrument ca n’t be played again .
With a laminate top , it makes it matchless to other refined and classy mandolins .
3. Gretsch
The Gretsch brand traces its roots to the highly creative , talented and young German instrumentalist who migrated to America during the mid-18th century .
His style of the mandolin is still an ancient and adored brand in the market by most beginners .
The Gretsch mandolin brand is noted for producing the best mandolins in the world .
Their product ranges can easily be identified through a blend of a classy American style of design with the modern version of the mandolin .
This enables them to offer the mandolin market top - notch quality possible at the most affordable price range .
The two main versions of the Gretsch include the following : G9350 Park Avenue and the Roots Collection G9310 New Yorker Supreme .
3.1 G9350 Park Avenue
This mandolin has great construction , classic design and a round hole beautifully carved on the soundboard .
It is great to look upon and has other attractive and remarkable features that are beyond description .
The top is made up of solid spruce while the sides and backs are made of maples .
The Pros
It is great for projecting acoustic musical sounds .
The low and high notes made by the metal strings are clear .
It boasts of high - quality sound quality than other mandolins .
The frets on the body have been consistently aligned to enhance sound quality .
It contains many features of other expensive mandolin brands in the market .
The Cons
The fretboard is narrowly shaped which can create a problem for players with larger fingers .
It is a highly - priced beginner musical instrument with prices at around $ 600 .
3.2 Roots Collection G9310 New Yorker Supreme
This mandolin version is much cheaper than Gretsch Park Avenue even though it also has great features .
It has been designed based on the classic designs of the ancient mandolins .
With great modern qualities and construction , making it the taste of many beginners , the Roots Collection G9310 has become the main flagship version of the Gretsch brand of mandolin musical instruments .
The price range falls around $ 250.00 .
The Pros
Top - notch construction
A high - quality mahogany top , back , and sides .
A warm and excellent musical tone .
Stunning classic designs of the expensive mandolins with A - style .
A great pick for those looking for luxury features at a budget price .
Cons
It might not be ideal for a bluegrass music band and related parties .
Its vintage , classy designs can make it look like its one of those first ancient mandolins .
It has been noted by some mandolinists as not being sturdy .
Other people have also talked about the issues with the fret level and consistency .
4. Ibanez
The Ibanez mandolin brand is known for its creative , innovative and artistic designs that set it from the pack .
Also , you can choose it based on the quality and the intermediate price level .
The name of the brand has had its roots from Ibanez in Japan in the year 1957 .
Due to their dedication to quality and focus on wowing mandolin lovers with wonderful designs , the brand has become global .
Typically , there are two notable versions of Ibanez : Ibanez M522 and the Ibanez M510 .
4.1 Ibanez M522
This type of Ibanez has a sophistical and gigantic F - style design that takes on the outlook of the historic ones of the 17th and 18th centuries .
But they have been designed with modern feel and features that will make a player want to buy and try it out .
Each part has been painstakingly designed and developed to create a dazzling appeal to the eyes .
The Pros
It has a great sound .
It is a good alternative for other expensive mandolins with F - style .
The courses are always in the right tune .
It comes with a wide mahogany neck which tends to enhance the tone effect .
The neck design structure also helps make the mandolin easily playable .
It has durable construction with the top being made of spruce .
The sides and backs are made of maples which is very good for sound quality .
The Cons
It has a relatively low tuner quality .
It comes to a higher price range of $ 300.00 and beyond .
Some players have had issues with the movable bridged though they are easily resolved by good players .
4.2 Ibanez M510
Ibanez M510DVS Mandolin , Dark Violin ...
A - style mandolin
Select spruce top
Mahogany back & sides
Chrome hardware
Pearl Dot Inlay
As compared to the price of the earlier version , this is much cheaper and a good option for the beginner mandolin players .
It has interesting qualities , a nice finish and attractive designs that the beginner would be proud of .
The top base of the Ibanez M510 is made of spruce with the neck section of the truss rod to enhance the movable bridge .
The Pros
It has a dazzling and stunning finish .
The sound quality is very good .
It has a high - quality rating at a very affordable price .
The truss rod at the neck prevents the neck from bending .
The Cons
The tuners and pickguard might not be made from the best materials .
Sections of the wood have been cut off to reduce the cost of production which might reduce tone quality while playing .
It might require playing for some time to get used to the entire system .
It might not fit well for some players due to its dimensions .
So , What Exactly is a Mandolin ?
Types of Beginner Mandolins
Mandolins have evolved over the years .
Many creative and innovative ideas have enhanced the early Italian mandolin played in those days .
After it gained popularity among musicians , it was actually the Neapolitan or the bowl - back .
The entire mandolin was watermelon - shaped .
For more articles on Mandolines take a look here , or for more information on string instruments take a look here .
Bowl - back / Napolitan Mandolin
It was referred to as a “ bowl - back ” mandolin because of its sharp round bowl , lying at the back , and leaning gently against the stringed head .
The “ bowl - back ” has a single hole on its soundboard that makes the tunes produced to be deep and heavy , requiring a high level of expertise to create interesting tunes .
This type of mandolin is not recommended for beginning players or learners .
Usually , you will see this type of mandolin in movies as a stereotype of the olden Italian flutes .
However , they are not common in the market these days as a result of their old - fashioned nature .
Music has evolved over the years .
Not only did music evolved , but the instruments also .
In the modern era , there are basically , two types of mandolin : A - Style Mandolin and the F - Style Mandolin .
However , mandolin players have access to ever - increasing and a growing catalog of each type to produce the best work possible .
A - Style Mandolin
This mandolin has gleaned its name for having a peer or A - shape .
It has a simple design , sleek flat back , and a streamlined body that makes it easy for players to hold it firmly against the body while playing .
The simplicity and the resemblance of it to the modern - day guitar are what has intrigued people about it and also made it popular .
They come at a lower price than the other best beginner mandolins .
For those looking to learn to play Mandolin , this is the best one to get started with .
F - Style Mandolin
This type of mandolin is famous for its use by professional , experienced and advanced players .
They have a fancy and attractive design that makes them look colorful on the player .
They also have a nice holding point with a scroll for ease and convenience when playing .
The “ F ” name before the mandolin has its roots in the Florentine Style .
This classy looking style differentiates it from the A - style mandolins .
Other extra elements and lavish designs such as two F - holes give the mandolin the resemblance of a violin .
As such , the F - style mandolins are highly - priced than the A - style mandolins .
Difference between the Mandolin and the Guitar
If you ’ve never seen the mandolin before , you might mistake it for the regular guitar .
These two musical instruments look alike to a high extent .
They both have the same components : a head , neck , body , and tail .
Even though they look alike , there is a difference between the two .
Size
The most obvious way to distinguish between a mandolin and a guitar is the size .
Generally , a guitar is much larger and bigger than a mandolin .
In fact , that is the reason some people mistake the mandolin as “ a small guitar . ”
The guitar has a large body with a very long neck while the mandolin has a small body and a shorter neck .
Strings
Another clear way to note the difference is the strings on each musical instrument .
Unlike the mandolin which had eight metal strings , the guitar has either six or twelve metal strings , depending on the type or model of it .
However , in both cases , each pair of metal string produce the same pitch , tune or chorus .
The main difference is the number of pairs of strings .
Pitch
The pitch is the tune created when the pairs of the string are played .
Even though the guitar has longer metal strings , the mandolin produces higher pitches than the guitar .
This is because the length on the string is shorter and the tension created is higher than that of the guitar .
Tuning
The tuning on both musical instruments is what determines how high or low the pitch or chorus will be .
In the mandolin , the tuning runs from the lowest string to the highest , GDAE while the tuning in a guitar is EADGBE .
The frequency of the tuning also varies .
These things make a clear difference between them .
Therefore , if you ’re a guitar player , do n’t imagine you can get over a mandolin so easy as that .
You might note the difference in the beginning , but as you continue trying your hand on it , you will get used to the nature , style , and operation of the mandolin .
Ready to Buy a Mandolin ?
Key Things to Look For
Whether you ’re a mandolin lover or a guitar player looking to switch over to a mandolin , you will need a couple of things before choosing the best mandolin .
There are several mandolin brands and models in the market , you need to , first of all , determine your buying criteria before you set off .
When you are clear on your buying criteria , narrowing down on what you want becomes easier and faster .
Instead of wasting so much time browsing through hundreds of mandolin makes and models in a shop , you just go to the right category to get what you want .
Well , the following are key areas to look to buy any type of mandolin .
1. Acoustic or Electric Mandolins
This is probably the most important subject you have to consider when you are looking to buy a mandolin .
How will you use the mandolin ?
Will you be playing alone or on stage ?
Will you play in your room or the neighborhood ?
While you play with a music band or just alone ?
These critical questions are crucial in determining the best mandolin to meet your needs .
In the days when the mandolin was invented , it was purely acoustic .
There was no way to amplify the sound for a larger audience to hear on stage .
If you are playing in front of a larger audience , the one way to get people to hear the sound of what you are playing is to put a microphone in front of the mandolin .
However , the effectiveness of this depends on the quality of the microphone you are using .
The other way is to amplify the sound of the mandolin directly while playing .
When it comes to electric / acoustic beginner mandolins , having a live performance on stage or playing with a band is quite simple .
You simply plug into an amplifier which directly amplifies the sound of the mandolin with a systematically developed volume embedded on the body of the mandolin , just like the electric guitars .
The electric / acoustic beginner mandolins are semi- hallowed bodies structured to function with a pickup .
The pickup of the mandolin helps to transform the sound of the mandolin ’s strings into a series of electrical impulses that are fed into the amplifier .
Using other loudspeakers , the amplifier helps to get the sound from the mandolin into the world for a lot of people to easily hear .
Another exciting feature of this instrument is its unique ability to reduce the feedback from the amplifier while decreasing the tone and increasing the overall quality of the production .
This makes the plug - in electric / acoustic mandolin the ideal for professional and experienced mandolin players .
2. Body Style
We ’ve already discussed the various types or styles of the mandolin : the old - fashioned bowl - backed mandolin , the F - style mandolin , and finally the A - style mandolin .
When you are about to buy a mandolin for practice or performance , you have three main choices .
You have to know the structure of each body of mandolin and then choose the one that meets your needs and preferences .
To determine what will work best for you , consider your style of playing , skillfulness , and then your budget .
As said earlier , the mandolins with F - style usually come with attractive features , nicer designs but at a higher price range .
While many pro-players love it , the averaged beginner mandolin player can also try it and get used to it .
The best beginner mandolins with A style are simple , easy to use by beginner mandolin players , and also have a relatively lower price .
The simplicity , as well as the structure , makes it the best type for anyone who wants to practice or master the art of playing the mandolin .
The bowl - backed type of mandolin requires a high amount of experience to play excellently , even though their price is cheap .
They are known for their deep , dark and lovely tones which are often administered in classical music , traditional folk music , and the orchestra .
No matter what you choose to buy , just ensure that it is top-quality , well - crafted and has no problems with the musical strings , hallowed - body and finally the tailpiece .
Base on your style of playing , preference , and budget , narrow down your decision on what to buy .
3. The Wood Type
Another important feature to take note of is the solid wood used to manufacture the mandolin .
In most cases , the kind of wood used to produce the mandolin affects the tone quality .
The pieces of solid wood or materials for manufacturing the mandolin also tell a lot about the price range and the instrument ’s quality .
Mandolins are musical instruments that produce sounds based on the amount of stress or tension exerted .
The level of tension or stress on the strings goes to affect the kind of pitch produced by the courses .
This is the reason the best beginner mandolins are usually made from different kinds of wood .
Each part has a type of wood which makes it ideal in having the right effect on the tune produced while making it easy for the player to hold the instrument as well .
The different kinds of solid wood used in production can also help you know the difference between affordable and expensive mandolins in the market .
Take for example some of the most expensive mandolins .
The head is normally made from mahogany or cedars .
The back and the sides of the mandolin are usually made from these wood .
In some cases , a solid maple is used .
Apart from the high - grade durability and strength of the mahogany / cedar , it also gives the soundboard of the mandolin to produce a deeper pitch or tone which makes it difficult for other musical instruments to cut out when playing among full music band .
The inexpensive or affordable beginner mandolins have their soundboards from spruce with the backs and sides of the body made from laminate .
Spruce is the kind of solid wood that is generally light in weight , but really strong .
Using spruce in this regard is a great way to maintain the quality of the tone while making the mandolin less expensive for the beginner .
Apart from the mandolin , spruce is always highly in demand for the production of the soundboard in other musical instruments such as the piano , violin , and the guitar .
That means you do n’t have to feel worried about choosing spruce / laminate made mandolin over a mahogany / cedar - made mandolin .
Laminate is also a strong wood and highly preferable .
In most affordable mandolins , they are used in the top , back and side .
In making the top , several layers of solid wood of different pieces are pressed toward each other to create a beautifully carved shape known in most mandolins .
Ideally , you have the outer made up of spruce / laminate with the outer layer made up of mahogany .
Here ’s the catch about the laminate :
Even though the laminate is strong , it begins to diminish in quality over time through continual usage and this decreases the quality of the tone .
Apart from the quality effect on the sound , they are a very good choice for those with a limited budget .
One of the critical components of the mandolin is the neck .
Since the neck can easily bend while playing , it needs to be made a solid and rigid wood source .
Maple or Mahogany is the most ideal wood piece used for the neck of most expensive mandolins out there .
Again , laminate can be used in the neck .
However , due to the nature and vulnerability of the neck , manufacturers will normally use various wood pieces to prevent the neck from bending over time or while it is being played .
In that regard , a truss rod is used to create the inner section of the neck .
This helps to easily adjust the neck to create the best tone possible without having any problem or difficulty with the neck .
Connecting the neck to the body is the bridge .
Unlike the guitar which has a static or unmovable bridge , the mandolin ’s bridge is movable .
Therefore , they ought to be made from a wood piece that enhances their movement while keeping it in a solid - state .
Rosewood or ebony are the typical pieces of wood used in the making of the bridge .
After the mandolin has been constructed , producers try to use a nice finish to prevent the various piece of wood used from damages .
You might also want to watch the finish of the mandolin before narrowing down your choices .
Ideally , a heavy finish will be preferable than just a little finish .
4. Price
It all boils down to the price .
No matter what features and qualities you want in your ideal mandolin , your money and budget will finally count .
But , you have to know that price is what you pay for but the value is what you get .
Therefore , you have to ensure you are okay with the value you will be getting after paying the price of the mandolin .
In most cases , the most affordable mandolins will be priced at $ 50 and more .
This type has the same feature and model of expensive ones .
The only thing that differs is the wood type , design , structure , extra functions , and other attractive features .
For those who are just starting , a low price type of mandolin will be the best pick .
The most expensive mandolins have prices that start from $ 10,000 and above .
They have artistic features that make them worth every penny .
They are usually used by pro-players who perform on a live stage alone or among a music band .
This does n’t prevent you from using or buying this type when you are a beginner or an intermediate player .
Finally , regardless of what you choose , ensure you first of all , test and try it .
Play it for the first time and take a critical look at the note , tone , tuning and entire functionality .
Before paying your hard - earned money , you want to make sure that the mandolin meets your needs , style , tastes , and preferences .
Ideally , it should feel better on you , sound better , and then look better .
Final Verdict
Having known all the above brands , which will be the best option for the beginner mandolin player looking for some kind of instrument to start learning ?
In the end , you want to get the very best mandolin at the lowest price possible .
For beginners who want a high - quality mandolin to get started with at the lowest price possible , the Roque RM - 100A will be a very good option .
However , for those considering a musical instrument with a little bit of luxury and a higher level of sustainability for a long period of time , then the Kentucky brand will be a great option .
Many experts and pro-players have said that this will be good for the intermediate or average beginner mandolinist .
Based on your unique tastes , you might want to try the other brands and versions of mandolins reviewed under this list .
Whatever you choose , ensure it meets your musical goals and preferences for usage .
Look at the quality , style , affordability , reliability , longevity , balance , and the versatility of the instrument before finally making your final buying decision .
Home
( Natural News )
Take a bite of a juicy , sweet mango and you are experiencing a delicious taste enjoyed by countless people from ancient times until today .
According to the Orlando - based National Mango Board ( NMG ) , a mango industry - sponsored research , promotion and consumer information program , mangos are known to be rich in vitamins C and A , as well as fiber .
However , because little has been documented about any specific health benefits of eating the fruit , NMB has commissioned a variety of scientific studies to investigate these issues .
So far , this research initiative has turned up an unexpected and groundbreaking discovery : Food scientists Dr. Susanne Talcott and her co-researcher husband , Dr. Steve Talcott , used the five varieties of mangos ( Kent , Francine , Ataulfo , Tommy / Atkins and Haden ) most common in the US and specifically tested polyphenol extracts from the fruit on colon , breast , lung , leukemia and prostate cancer cells .
Polyphenols are natural substances in plants that are antioxidants with the potential to protect the body from disease .
The Talcotts zeroed in on evaluating polyphenolic compounds in mangos known as , a class of natural bioactive compounds believed to help prevent or block the growth of cancer cells .
The results ?
The Talcotts ' experiments showed that the mango extract demonstrated some cancer fighting ability when tested on lung , leukemia and prostate cancer cells .
But when tested on the most common breast and colon cancers , mango compounds were found to have even stronger anticancer abilities .
In fact , the mango extract caused the breast and colon cancer cells to undergo -- programmed cell death .
" Additionally , we found that when we tested normal colon cells side by side with the colon cancer cells , the mango polyphenolics did not harm the normal cells , " Dr. Susanne Talcott said in a statement to the press .
" That is a general observation for any natural agent , that they target cancer cells and leave the healthy cells alone , in reasonable concentrations at least .
"
The researchers documented that the cancer cell cycle ( the division process cells go through ) was interrupted by mango extract .
This is crucial information , Suzanne Talcott said in a press statement , because it could explain a possible mechanism for how the cancer cells are prevented or stopped by phytochemicals in mangos .
" For cells that may be on the verge of mutating or being damaged , mango polyphenolics prevent this kind of damage , " she explained .
The scientists have conducted additional research on the colon cancer cell lines because mangos contain small molecules that are readily absorbed in the colon as well as larger molecules that are not absorbed and remain present longer in the colon .
Those facts could potentially make eating mangos a potent way to help prevent colon cancer .
In fact , the Talcotts are hoping to next conduct a small clinical trial to see if mangos can prevent colon cancer in people at high risk for a malignancy because they have increased inflammation in their intestines .
1. ) Cocktail and Food Pairing Cocktails and food can go magnificently together , and great bartenders are already offering pairings alongside chef 's creations .
It 's just a short time before our suited brethren in fine dining restaurants see cocktails as a fun and inspired way to pair with foods and not just something to start the meal with .
Expect to see cocktails accompanying your food in 2010 .
" Please sir , may I have a Sidecar to accompany my duck a l'orange ? "
2. ) Monk - made Liqueurs
It 's the quincentennial of Benedictine , once known only in conjunction with brandy and then only by the oldest guy at your bar , and yet its popularity is fast growing among the mixology - inclined .
Among my favorite recipes are two greats from New Orleans , the Vieux Carré and Cocktail à la Louisiane .
I 've also found myself using the Chartreuse family of products as indispensable ingredients .
What is it with these monk - made liqueurs ?
Perhaps the old friars got it right !
3. ) Get Wet !
Vermouth has been staging a comeback for years , but now it 's almost criminal to use only one brand of vermouth if you consider yourself a serious mixologist and even more so if that brand is one of the commercially available duds like Stock or Martini & Rossi .
Dolin dry for gin Martinis , Carpano Antica Formula for top - shelf Manhattans .
Throw in some Dubbonet and Noilly Pratt , perhaps Vya Dry or Sweet and Carpano Punt e Mes .
Now you 're talking !
4. ) Orange You Glad I reach for Cointreau , Grand Marnier , or some orange - flavored liqueur more often than I reach for almost any other mixer these days .
A simple gin , Grand Marnier , and bitters combo has been my favorite call for the past few months ( known as a Fancy Gin ) .
Combier is making a comeback , and since I use orange - flavored liqueurs so much I started making my own .
Toss the cheap triple - sec and get in the game .
5. ) Ice , Ice Baby Ice has been such a buzz in the world of craft cocktails that it may reach " speakeasy " status by the year 's end , but it has yet to completely reach non-cocktail focused bars .
Whether using different varieties , compositions , and shapes or a simpler product of the machine you inherited at work , ice is an essential ingredient in cocktails .
So much that I 've stopped saying that the Martini has three ingredients : Gin , Vermouth , and bitters .
It has got four ; add water ( ice ) .
With the help of Macallan 's ice ball machine and a few brave souls with their tireless experiments , you 'll be able to take your pick ice of choice right along with your favorite brand of booze .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
The sophomore series “ Legend of the Seeker ” appears to be on the bubble for renewal next year and fans have decided not to wait until May to get a renewal push going .
Fan site LegendoftheSeeker.org has issued a call to fans on behalf of show producer Mike Sussman to begin contacting stations that air the fantasy series and show their support for a third season .
Sussman twittered that the stations are looking at whether or not to sign off on a third season of the syndicated series .
Syndicated shows , like LotS , are only on the air as long as stations are buying them so writing to your local ( or not so local if you ’re so inclined for all those outside of the USA ) station and letting them know you love the show would really help .
Follow this link to find a link to your local station : http://herblueeyes.com/2010/02/05/help-legend-of-the-seeker-get-a-3rd-season/.
Also , please be respectful and polite in your message , it really does make a difference .
Running your message through spell check so it looks all nice and shiny could n’t hurt either .
The links to ABC studios and Disney - ABC Domestic Television are at the bottom .
Happy writing !
We ’ll keep you up to date on developments to help save the show here and you can find out more on Farpoint Media ’s own “ Legend of the Seeker ” page and podcast , The Seeker Cast .
High Minded Politial and Social Conversation to Enjoy with Your Tea and Crumpets
Regarding the 18 senators that have signed a letter asking Harry Reid to push for the public option using reconciliation , which would allow Democrats to pass it with just 51 votes , Sebelius said the administration would back that decision .
" Certainly .
If it 's part of the decision of the Senate leadership to move forward , absolutely , " she told Rachel Maddow .
That development has led progressive to make a renewed push for a government - run insurance plan .
This is great news folks !
This is the first comment we have heard publicly from the administration since the senate letter supporting the public option was first made public a couple of days ago .
The letter has gone from 4 to 18 signers , with at least three senate supporters who have not officially signed on .
In addition , it has been reported by Huff
Po that even Bayh may be willing to use reconciliation for health - care reform , and Feingold has agreed as well .
Our job now is to ensure that the Senate Leadership brings this up for a vote .
MediaFreeze has an excellent diary that includes the names of the Senators who have not yet signed - aptly named the " No Place to Hide " list .
There is another excellent diary by Catskill Julie with contact information for all the senators .
You know what to do !
Update : angie in WA state made an interesting observation about The Hill piece .
What I noticed in the article you cited , the tenor of the comments was most decidedly different than usual - which is predominantly conservative and anti-Obama in particular and anti-democratic / liberal / progressive in general .
This article is primarily pro-Democratic , and it's really a significant change in the comments from the past four months or so .
To me , that is a significant sign that President Obama and Democratic candidates for this November would do well to take note of .
Update 2 : The New York Times is reporting that
President Obama will put forward comprehensive health care legislation intended to bridge differences between Senate and House Democrats ahead of a summit meeting with Republicans next week
.
President Obama 's health care " proposal was being written so that it could be attached to a budget bill as a way of averting a Republican filibuster in the Senate .
The procedure , known as budget reconciliation , would let Democrats advance the bill with a simple majority rather than a 60 - vote supermajority . "
Not only is HTC's Legend their best - looking Android phone to date , I 'm going to throw my hat in the ring and say it 's the best - looking Android phone period .
Created from a single piece of aluminum , it 's more than MacBook - esque .
Advertisement
Running Android 2.1 with HTC Sense , it 's got a 3.2 - inch AMOLED screen with 320 x 480 pixels , capacitive but of course .
The camera is 5.0 - megapixels with autofocus and flash ; there 's a 600 MHz processor and 512MB ROM ( with microSD card slot ) , 384MB of RAM .
The battery is 1300 mAh , so a bit less than the Hero , and the usual Wi-Fi , Bluetooth , and GPS are included .
Here 's a video from Recombu , who called it their favorite Android phone to date :
And here 's what our friends at TechRadar had to say :
The aluminium body replaces the Hero's Teflon coating , and while it might be susceptible to scratching from keys or loose change , it certainly adds a premium look to the device .
When we first used the Hero earlier in 2009 , it was apparent that the phone had some serious firmware issues - we 're happy to report that the Legend does n't suffer this way , at least not from the outset .
The capacitive 3.2 - inch HVGA screen might look a little bigger , but that 's because the phone is actually slimmer and thinner than before - HTC tells us this is because it 's been able to save space by making it all out of one solid block , thus removing the need for a frame .
Another upgrade to the screen is the fact it's now an OLED rather than your conventional LCD - this means vivid colours and drop dead gorgeous contrast ratios like those seen on the Samsung Jet .
We can't wait to try watching an extended video session on this device .
Advertisement
Photos courtesy of TechRadar .
One interesting thing to note about the Legend is that it 's got a few new tricks up its Android sleeve .
A " helicopter view " which is almost like Mac OS X's exposé means you can pinch the screen to view all the five Android homescreens , switching between the widgets easily .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
A new FriendStream scrobbles all status updates .
photos and links from your various social networking sites ( currently , Twitter , Facebook and Flickr are supported ) , but you can still use the individual widgets and apps if you prefer .
It 's out in Europe late March / early April in Europe , with worldwide availability to be confirmed .
I 've got to say , after getting hands - on with it recently this will definitely be my next Android handset .
Toujours pas vu A Serious Man des frères Coen , qui semble bien être un chef d'oeuvre .
Mais en surfant sur Youtube , je suis tombée sur une mémorable scène coupée de No Country for Old Men qui avait fini intégrée à Chacun son cinéma , le film à sketches commandé par le festival de Cannes pour son 60ème anniversaire .
Un bijou :
Isabelle Regnier ( Blog Film Bazar )
“ Yes , yes , yes . . . ” No !
More than two - thirds of city residents say they regularly hear their neighbors having sex , but few are brave enough to complain about it , according to a survey released yesterday .
Getting subjected to all that ecstasy is agony , said roughly half of the 400 New Yorkers polled by BrickUnderground.com , a news and information site for homeowners .
But even though they bemoan the moans , bumps and grinds , just 14 percent of apartment dwellers said they ever confronted their neighbors or the building management .
BILLBOARD RANKS THE SEXIEST SONGS EVER
“ What this shows is if you live in New York City , you do n’t need to worry about keeping quiet in bed on Valentine ’s Day , because the chances are slim that someone is going to complain , ” said Teri Karush Rogers , BrickUnderground ’s founder .
“ On the other hand , the morning - after elevator ride could be awkward . ”
All sex is public in many of the city ’s paper - thin - walled buildings , and residents say when their neighbors are in the throes of passion , there ’s no way to tune it out .
“ It ’s like a train wreck — you have to stop what you ’re doing and listen , even if it ’s awful , ” Melissa Buck , 29 , of the Upper East Side , told The Post .
“ A friend and I were cooking dinner at 6:30 , while it was still light out , and we heard the neighbors .
Why can you always hear the girl ?
It lasted probably 10 minutes , and we had to stop cooking and listen . ”
Like many of those surveyed , Leslie Vandike , 30 , of East New York , Brooklyn , said the best way to get neighbors to lower the volume is to egg them on .
“ Last summer , I was having a barbecue .
Everybody was outside .
Suddenly , we hear this loud screaming , ” he said .
“ Upstairs , our neighbor was having sex .
Everybody was like , ‘ You go , girl , ’ cheering them on .
“ We never heard anything else after that . ”
According to the survey , the most common sounds heard through the walls were thumping ( 60 percent ) , moaning ( 56 percent ) , screaming ( 28 percent ) and “ other ” ( 23 percent ) .
But just 12 percent of New Yorkers said neighbors ever complained about their lovemaking , and only 24 percent said they went out of their way to pipe down .
The city ’s 311 system does not have a separate category for complaints about neighbors having sex , but of the 263,000 noise complaints received in 2009 , 35,274 were for neighbors making “ banging / pounding ” sounds and another 7,196 were for “ loud talking , officials told The Post .
jeremy.olshan@nypost.com
The Arecibo Message , one of the most famous messages transmitted as part of SETI , loosely translated , says : “ Hi !
We ’re intelligent !
We ’re made of meat !
Here ’s where we live ! ”
Binary designs like the Arecibo message are popular with knitters and cross - stitchers since they can be pixelated easily .
We found a pair of fingerless gloves , based on a muffler pattern .
We think this type of binary pattern would be good for the message as well .
It has also been made into a cross- stitched bookmark
We implemented the embroidered pixels as columns of satin stitching in a single color .
The original binary message did n’t have any of the color coding that people have added to help explain it , and it seems more elegant to keep it this way .
We machine embroidered the pattern on both ends of a piece of linen about 14 ″ x 76 ″ .
The linen is then sewn together on the back and at the ends , and turned right side out .
The edges are stitched down to help it lie flat .
. DST embroidery file ( 36 kB )
. PES embroidery file ( 75 kB )
.pdf file ( 4 kB )
The embroidery design is about 3.5 ″ x 11.5 ″ .
We ’re providing a couple of different embroidery formats for those with access to machines as well as a .pdf for cross stitch , hand embroidery , laser engraving , or whatever else you can think to do with it .
If you are inspired by the message or use one of the patterns , we ’d love to see the results in the flickr auxiliary .
" We pride ourselves in great customer service , underpinned by a wealth of specialist knowledge in basement and cellar conversions . "
Welcome to Octopus Building Services .
We specialise in cellar & basement conversions in Leeds , Harrogate and the rest of Yorkshire .
We really are number one for basement conversions .
Leeds based company Octopus Building Services have been trading for over 7 years and we specialise in the creation of great basement and cellar spaces by using the latest technology and products on the market .
We pride ourselves in great customer service , underpinned by a wealth of specialist knowledge in cellar and basement conversions .
Our expertise comes from undertaking numerous conversions across residential and commercial buildings , ranging from 10 m2 of space up to 200 m2 of space .
The same principles of sound construction and attention to detail is behind every one of our jobs and we 're proud to be able to offer numerous customer recommendations -
In fact 70 % of our work comes from referrals from other customers !
What could your basement space be used for ?
Does your building have the potential for a great basement conversion ?
Basement conversions add value to properties and offer a great solution where more space is needed .
With modern technology and products the days of poor quality cellar conversions are over .
We 're so confident in our conversions that we offer a 10 year guarantee on every project .
Conversion costs vary by project but cellar conversions are often cheaper per m2 than loft conversions or extensions .
They also maintain the original appearance of your house , have less planning permission implications and do n't impinge on outside space .
We offer a free no obligation consultation to advise you on what is possible on your project .
However here 's some important considerations :
Click to share on Twitter ( Opens in new window )
Click to share on Facebook ( Opens in new window )
On Second Thought , Maybe This Was n't Such A Great Cover Idea
On Second Thought , Maybe This Was n't Such A Great Cover Idea
On Second Thought , Maybe This Was n't Such A Great Cover Idea
We ’re sure the folks at Golf Digest thought they had a great cover when they put together the January , 2010 issue .
After all getting the President and Tiger on the same cover of a golfing magazine is like a hole in one .
But that was before the Tiger cheating scandals exploded nationally .
Now the headline “ 10 Tips Obama Can Take From Tiger ” is probably making editors at the mag cringe .
Feel free to help them out with suggestions about what those tips might be .
Leave your suggestions below in our comment section .
Employer told not to post advert for ' reliable ' workers because it discriminates against ' unreliable ' applicants
When it comes to hiring staff , there are plenty of legal pitfalls employers need to watch out for these days .
So recruitment agency boss Nicole Mamo was especially careful to ensure her advert for hospital workers did not offend on grounds of race , age or sexual orientation .
However , she had n't reckoned on discriminating against a wholly different section of the community - the completely useless .
Nicole Mamo , director of Devonwood Recruitment was stunned when a job centre in Thetford , Norfolk , said she could not include the phrase ' reliable and hard working ' in her advert
When she ran the ad past a job centre , she was told she could n't ask for ' reliable ' and ' hard - working ' applicants because it could be offensive to unreliable people .
' In my 15 years in recruitment I have n't heard anything so ridiculous , ' Mrs Mamo said yesterday .
' If the matter was n't so serious I would be laughing out loud .
The Job Centre in Thetford , Norfolk , said the advert discriminated against unreliable people
' Unfortunately it 's extremely alarming .
I need people who are hardworking and reliable - and I am pleased to discriminate in that way .
If they 're not then I really can't use them .
The reputation of my business is on the line .
' Even the woman at the jobcentre agreed it was ridiculous but explained it was policy because they could get sued for being dicriminatory against unreliable people .
' She told me they'd had lots of problems with people taking them to court for adverts stating something like " would suit school leaver " . '
Mrs Mamo , 48 , of Borehamwood , Hertfordshire , runs Devonwood Recruitment , which supplies hundreds of cleaners , caterers and porters to hospitals across the country .
She filed the advert for a £ 5.80 - an - hour domestic cleaner at a hospital in Bury St Edmunds , Suffolk , through the Jobcentre Plus online service last Thursday .
However , when she rang the nearest branch in Thetford , Norfolk , to make sure details would be available to jobseekers who turned up in person , she was transferred to a woman who said the wording was unacceptable .
The ' offensive ' advert which Job Centre Plus allowed on the website but not on the instore display
Mrs Mamo , a divorced mother of two , added : ' I had to battle to have " must speak English " , which they also said was discriminatory .
' In the end , I had to write " must speak English due to health and safety reasons " because they 're dealing with hazardous materials . '
The diktat was widely criticised yesterday .
A spokesman for the Campaign Against Political Correctness said : ' This is absolutely ridiculous .
' Of course people want reliable workers and employers should be able to ask for them .
If they can't advertise for what they want then the system is broken . '
The Equality and Human Rights Commission added : ' This is in no way in breach of any discrimination law .
' Mrs Mamo should consider very unreliable any advice that she may have received implying that this aspect of her advert was discriminatory . '
Yesterday the Department for Work and Pensions said it could not comment on the conversation Mrs Mamo had with the member of staff at Thetford .
However , a spokesman insisted her original advert had run on the Jobcentre Plus website and on computer terminals in branches .
She added : ' Reliability is important to employers and we welcome ads seeking reliable applicants . '
Hybrid Camry
Australian Toyota released the Hybrid Camry with some incredible features coming along with their breakthrough innovation .
The first Camry has been owned by the owner of the first hybrid Prius .
The owner will keep this second car as another prized car in the family .
Colin and Eunice Elvy are the owners of both these cars .
The family moved from New Zealand to Australia in late 2008 .
They have brought their dear Prius from New Zealand and the new car is not speeding behind in popularity and charishma with a host of effective qualities to be put into gear .
Colin said that the Prius was the best car they had won and they just could not leave it behind .
The Prius has been super fast as well as smooth with multiple options in driving presented to them .
Eunice said that he had never enjoyed driving a car as much .
They were just deciding to get another latest version of Prius when they found the Camri to be out in the market .
So , after checking the neat details out , they had not hesitated at all to bring the Camri to their family .
When Pope Benedict XVI announced his 2008 U.S visit , Americans appeared delirious and clamored for their city to be on the itinerary .
Not so Britain .
His just - announced September visit has secularists and progressive Anglicans in Parliament spitting mad and sponsoring protest petitions .
What set them off were remarks Monday by Benedict on British labor laws and proposed bills that supporters say promote gender equality in the workplace and society .
The Pope , in a speech Monday , recast those same laws as imposing
... unjust limitations on the freedom of religious communities to act in accordance with their beliefs .
In some respects it actually violates the natural law upon which the equality of all human beings is grounded and by which it is guaranteed ...
Fidelity to the Gospel in no way restricts the freedom of others -- on the contrary , it serves their freedom by offering them the truth ...
Ah , " the truth . "
It 's always a good way to start a fight .
Thinking Anglicans blog has one wrap - up of mostly negative reactions .
( Remember how unhappily surprised the Archbishop of Canterbury Rowan Williams was this fall when Benedict through open the doors to conversion to traditionalist Anglicans opposed to gay and female bishops ? )
Ruth Gledhill , at The Times , says 4,000 people have already signed a protest petition against the visit and quotes Terry Sanderson , president of the National Secular Society who says :
The taxpayer in this country is going to be faced with a bill of 20 million ( British pounds ) for the visit of the Pope , a visit in which he has already indicated that he will attack equal rights and promote discrimination . "
British Catholics take a different spin .
Rev. Ray Blake , blogging on his Brighton parish site , says the critics of natural law miss the point .
He writes that , " Equalities Legislation , " which incidentally is Labor 's only ' big idea ' " violates natural law because it ..
... bases human rights on sexual orientation , the tendency is therefore to reduce human beings to being a set of genitals attached to a person , rather than seeing first and foremost a human being a mind , a soul who has a certain sexual orientation .
Do you see the Church and Benedict 's views as universal , as " natural law , " or as a particular Catholic view of the world ?
CULVER CITY , Calif. , Feb. 8 / PRNewswire / --
The " Best of Penn Says : Religion " DVD , a compilation of episodes from " Penn Says , " the original web series from Crackle.com , Sony Pictures Entertainment 's online video network , is the ultimate collection of Penn Jillette 's most controversial , completely uncensored assessments .
The DVD , now available for purchase on Amazon.com , also includes three never - before - seen episodes .
The self - described " larger , louder half " of veteran magic - and - comedy team Penn and Teller has pioneered the Art of the Rant in the age of blogging and vlogging .
Penn is considered and describes himself as verbose on and offstage and is obsessed with the truth and how people distort it .
Recently , Penn Jillette has been an outspoken voice among the political community ; voicing his belief in a smaller government and peace .
Whether it be his discussion of " Glenn Beck 's Tea Party at the Alamo " or his belief that Madonna is entitled to adopting Mercy from Malawi , Penn Jillette always speaks his mind and wo n't hold back , especially on one of his favorite subjects ... religion .
" Best of Penn Says : Religion " is available on Amazon.com via CreateSpace DVD on -Demand .
SYNOPSIS
In this up close and personal web series , Penn the Magician , Inventor , Philosopher , Social Critic and Celebrity Atheist discusses , teaches , and tears apart common misconceptions and bares his brain for all to see .
What 's the difference between Agnosticism and Atheism ?
How much of a role should religion play in the major political races ?
Is proselytizing an act of kindness or just an obtrusive annoyance ?
When Penn Jillette has an opinion , it 's a safe bet he wo n't hold back .
Each episode is a new insight or agitation .
" Best of Penn Says : Religion " DVD - Episodes Include :
Magic Underpants
Reading the Bible on the Bus
The Sunset Creator
Not In a Religious Way
Your Prayers Can Help and So Can the Government
I Agree With the Pope
How To Know If You 're An Atheist Dad
Viewer Mail : Religion
I Disagree With the Pope
AFAN Aids Walk and Religion
Atheism Is a Solace
Boy Scouts Coin
Agnostic vs. Atheist
Agnostic vs. Atheist Part 2
Yankee Doodle and Atheist Jokes
A Jewish Man's First Bacon
A Gift of a Bible
Church and Politics
Respect For Christians
Praying Around Atheists
Atheist Parenting
Prayer Test
Godless Girl Guides
In - N - Out Cup Quotes
Campus Crusade for Christ
Evangelical Kung Fu
Religion and Health Care
Atheists # 3 on Facebook
The Beatles as Proof of God
DVD Special Features Include :
Bonus Episode : Glen Beck ( Magic Underwear )
( Magic Underwear ) Bonus Episode : Jerome Horowitz Theory of Politics
Bonus Episode : Caucuses are Stupid
BROADCAST YEAR : 2009
" Best of Penn Says : Religion " has a run time of approximately 115 minutes and is not rated .
Artwork and additional materials are available for download at www.sonytvpr.com.
Username : SonyTVPR
Password : publicity
" Best of Penn Says : Religion " DVD UPC Code : 043396344822 Order Date : 2/1/10 SLP : $ 11.94
" Best of Penn Says : Religion " is now available for purchase at : http://www.amazon.com/dp/B0035WU1RM/
Crackle , Inc .
Crackle , Inc. , a Sony Pictures Entertainment Company , is a multi-platform next - generation video entertainment network that distributes digital content including original short form series and full - length traditional programming from Sony Pictures ' vast library of television series and feature films .
Crackle is one of the fastest growing entertainment destinations on the Internet today , offering audiences quality programming in a variety of genres , including comedy , action , sci - fi , horror , music and reality .
Crackle reaches an impressive audience through its diverse online and mobile distribution network .
Visit Crackle 's site at www.crackle.com
Melissa Armstrong Sony Pictures Television [ email protected ] ( 310 ) 244-3792 phone
Sarah Levinson Rothman 42 West [ email protected ] ( 646 ) 254-6030 phone
SOURCE Crackle
Over the past decade , researchers have developed a variety of reliable real - time and archival instruments to study sounds made or heard by marine mammals and fish .
These new sensors are now being used in research , management , and conservation projects around the world , with some very important practical results .
Among them is improved monitoring of endangered North Atlantic right whales in an effort to reduce ship strikes , a leading cause of their deaths .
" The tools available to both acquire and analyze passive acoustic data have undergone a revolutionary change over the last ten years , and have substantially increased our ability to collect acoustic information and use it as a functional management tool , " said Sofie Van Parijs , lead author and a bioacoustician at NOAA 's Northeast Fisheries Science Center laboratory in Woods Hole , Mass .
" These tools have significantly improved monitoring of North Atlantic right whales and enhanced the efficacy of managing ship traffic to reduce ship strikes of whales through much of the western North Atlantic off the U.S. East Coast . "
Van Parijs is one of many researcher whose work is decribed this month in the journal Marine Ecology Progress Series .
Her paper is one of about a dozen in a special theme issue focused on acoustics in marine ecology .
Van Parijs , who currently heads the NEFSC's Protected Species Branch , is also a co-author of a related paper on acoustic interference or masking , in which marine animals alter their use of sound as a result of changing background noise .
Van Parijs and her colleagues focus on two types of acoustic sensors , real - time and archival .
Real - time sensors are mounted on surface buoys , usually anchored or cabled to the ocean bottom , or deployed as arrays towed from a surface vessel .
Archival sensors are affixed on bottom - moored buoys equipped with hydrophones to continuously record ocean sounds for long periods of time , often up to three months , before the sensors are temporarily recovered and their batteries refreshed .
Some archiving sensors can be mounted of individual animals .
" Marine animals live their lives and communicate acoustically across different time and space scales and use sound for different reasons , " said Van Parijs .
" We need to use the right tool in the right place for the right need .
There is no ' one size fits all ' when it comes to using technology in the ocean . "
Large whales move and communicate over great distances , while smaller whales and dolphins tend to communicate over smaller areas .
Pinnipeds , the group of marine mammals that includes seals , walrus and sea lions , can breed on land , on ice or in the water , and move and communicate from small to medium distances .
Human - produced sounds complicate the sensing problem by adding sounds to what can be a very noisy environment .
The use of passive acoustic monitoring is increasing as improved reliability and lower hardware and software costs provide researchers with a set of tools that can answer a broad range of scientific questions .
This information can , in turn , be used in conservation management and mitigation efforts .
While most of the new technologies have been applied in studies of whales and dolphins , the researchers say the sensors can also be used in studying pinnipeds , sirenians ( manatees and dugongs ) , and fish .
In addition to Van Parijs and colleagues at NOAA 's Northeast and Southwest Fisheries Science Centers , co-authors on the article include researchers from Cornell University 's Bioacoustics Research Program , Instituto Baleta Jubarta in Brazil , Pennsylvania State University , Integrated Statistics , and the Alfred Wegener Institute for Polar and Marine Research in Germany .
France yesterday put in its bid for an unlikely prize , becoming the first western country to make even Australia look liberal when it comes to state powers of internet censorship .
In the teeth of fierce opposition both inside and outside parliament , the National Assembly approved , by 312 votes to 214 against , a first reading of a bill on Internal Security - the quaintly titled " LOPPSI 2 " .
LOPPSI - otherwise known as Loi d'Orientation et de Programmation pour la SÈcuritÈ IntÈrieure ( pdf ) - is a ragbag of measures designed to make France a safer place .
Like similar UK legislation - most notably the various Criminal Justice acts brought in over the last decade - LOPPSI brings together a number of apparently unrelated proposals which would severely restrict individual rights in all walks of life .
Last week , for instance , the Assembly agreed to include within the new law a measure that would allow Prefects to sign off on a curfew for children aged under 13 , out unaccompanied between the hours of 11 pm and 6 am .
The bill also includes measures that would increase police spend on " security " , create additional penalties for counterfeiting and ID theft , increase CCTV surveillance , and widen access to the Police DNA database .
However , it is in the online area that some of the most radical proposals are to be found , with the criminalisation of online ID theft , provision for the police to tap online connections in the course of investigations , and most controversially of all , allowing the state to order ISPs to block ( filter ) specific internet URLs according to ministerial diktat .
It has also been suggested that the state should have the right to plant covert trojans to monitor individual PC usage .
Whilst the latter measures are put forward on the grounds of child protection , critics have been quick to point out that , in the absence of any judicial oversight mechanism , this is a power just waiting to be abused .
A broad coalition of groups and individuals outside the French parliamentary system have been scathing in their condemnation .
LOPPSI , a site dedicated to this law , writes : " The French Government has got it worked out .
To place limits on the free space that is the internet , they have to control it : but how can they destroy such a space without fierce resistance ? "
The dishonest answer , according to this site , is to use the paedophile as a pretext .
Because , they say " the whole world is instantly terrified " .
Despite this , the measures proposed will do little to safeguard children - and nothing to prevent anyone who can afford to spend € 5 a month from accessing the same material via VPN .
Similar arguments have been put forward in the Assembly by a number of Deputies .
Patrick Braouzec and Michel VaxËs proposed the deletion of this power , arguing that it does not really solve the child pornography issue .
They argued that this approach could be a mistake as filtering will allow hiding the evolution of the phenomenon , whilst Paedophiles who use the internet are very capable of getting around any filtering techniques by using crypting and anonymisation methods , thus being " paradoxically , better protected " .
Amendments along the same lines were also put forward by Deputies Lionel Tardy and Nicolas Dupont - Aignan .
Meanwhile , the French Data Protection Authority , CNIL , has made plain its concerns with several of the proposed measures .
CNIL expressed fears related to several provisions of the draft , especially in relation to the collection and retention of data , installation of Trojan horses on computers and the surveillance of public access to the Internet .
The legislation still has some way to go .
However , the sentiment contained within the draft that passed yesterday is populist and , on the voting evidence so far , many Deputies are clearly well aware of that . ®
Obtaining the next month in PHP
London , UK
Over and over again PHP users complain that next month in PHP 's date - string parser does n't go to the next month , but instead skips to the one after next month ; like in the following example :
<? php $ d = new DateTime ( ' 2010 -01 -31 ' ) ; $ d -> modify ( ' next month ' ) ; echo $ d -> format ( ' F ' ) , "
" ; ?>
The output of the little script will be March .
March obviously does n't follow January as February is in between .
However , the current behavior is correct .
The following happens internally :
next month increases the month number ( originally 1 ) by one .
This makes the date 2010 - 02 -31 .
The second month ( February ) only has 28 days in 2010 , so PHP auto - corrects this by just continuing to count days from February 1st .
You then end up at March 3rd .
The formatting strips off the year and day , resulting in the output March .
This can easily be seen when echoing the date with a full date format , which will output March 3rd , 2010 :
<? php echo $ d-> format ( ' F jS , Y ' ) , "
" ; ?>
To obtain the correct behavior , you can use some of PHP 5.3's new functionality that introduces the relative time stanza first day of .
This stanza can be used in combination with next month , fifth month or +8 months to go to the first day of the specified month .
Instead of next month from the previous example , we use first day of next month here :
<? php $ d = new DateTime ( ' 2010-01-08 ' ) ; $ d -> modify ( ' first day of next month ' ) ; echo $ d -> format ( ' F ' ) , "
" ; ?>
This script will correctly output February .
The following things happen when PHP processes this first day of next month stanza :
next month increases the month number ( originally 1 ) by one .
This makes the date 2010 - 02 -31 .
first day of sets the day number to 1 , resulting in the date 2010 - 02-01 .
The formatting strips off the year and day , resulting in the output February .
Besides first day of , there is an equivalent last day of to go to the last day of a month .
The following example demonstrates this :
<? php $ d = new DateTime ( ' 2010-01-08 ' ) ; $ d -> modify ( ' last day of next month ' ) ; echo $ d-> format ( ' F jS , Y ' ) , "
" ; ?>
This outputs February 28th , 2010 .
Internally the following happens :
next month increases the month number ( originally 1 ) by one .
This makes the date 2010 - 02-08 .
last day of increases the month number by one , and sets the day number to 0 , resulting in the date 2010 - 03-00 .
PHP then auto - corrects the invalid day number 0 by removing one from the month and skipping to the last day of that month , resulting in 2010 - 02 - 28 .
I hope this clears up some of the behaviour of PHP's Date / Time handling .
For more information on Date / Time Programming with PHP , please refer to my book " php|architect 's Guide to Date and Time Programming " that is available through Amazon .
The US Navy has cited cramped quarters as a reason for barring women
The US defence department has decided to allow women to serve aboard submarines , according to officials .
Defence Secretary Robert Gates has approved the recommendation and sent letters to Congress informing them of the plan .
Congress now has 30 days to approve the measure .
The move comes as the US Army 's chief of staff said it was time to revisit rules restricting women in combat roles .
Women are still barred from traditional frontline roles in the armed forces .
General George Casey told Congress on Tuesday that he supports a reconsideration of the role of women in combat .
" I believe it 's time that we take a look at what women are actually doing in Iraq and Afghanistan .
And then we look at our policies , " he said .
Separate quarters
Fifteen per cent of the US Navy personnel are female , and women have worked alongside men on surface ships and aircraft since 1993 .
It was thought the very cramped conditions in submarines precluded both sexes working together .
It is expected it will take a year before the first women can be trained for American submarine duties .
The vessels will also need to be modified to give men and women separate quarters .
Dick Cheney vs. Joe Biden ( and why it's good for Democrats )
1 . The twin appearances by Vice President Biden and former vice president Dick Cheney on Sunday talk shows yesterday were highly anticipated by political junkies and , by and large , they delivered .
Cheney , appearing on " This Week " with Jon Karl , took umbrage with President Obama 's initial description of the attempted Christmas Day bombing as the work of an " isolated extremist , " arguing that it is evidence of a " mindset " that suggests the current administration does not understand the state of play with regard to the central national security issue of the post - 9/11 world .
" What the administration was slow to do was to come to that recognition that we are at war , not dealing with criminal acts , " Cheney told Karl .
Biden , who appeared on " Meet the Press " and " Face the Nation , " pulled no punches when talking about Cheney .
" All I know is he 's factually , substantively wrong on the major criticisms he is asserting , " Biden said of Cheney .
" Why he 's insisting on that , he either is misinformed or he is misinforming .
But the facts are that his assertions are not accurate . "
While today 's coverage is sure to focus on the Cheney versus Biden dynamic , the underlying debate is a good one for the White House for two reasons .
First , the most recent Washington Post / ABC poll showed President Obama 's approval ratings on most domestic issues were mediocre but on the issue of terrorism his numbers were strong with 56 percent approving of his handling of the issue and 39 percent disapproving .
Given that data , Republican strategists would much prefer a message focused on the economy and health care rather than terrorism .
Second , as we 've noted before , Cheney is a flawed messenger at best .
In an Associated Press survey conducted in mid-January just 38 percent had a favorable impression of Cheney while 55 percent saw the former vice president in an unfavorable light .
The more Cheney talks -- about almost anything -- the more people ( especially independent voters ) are reminded about what they did n't like about the last administration .
And , that 's very good for the Obama White House .
2 . With just 15 days left before the Texas Republican primary , Gov. Rick Perry has moved into a commanding lead over Sen.
Kay Bailey Hutchison , according to a new poll conducted for five of Lone Star State 's largest newspapers .
Perry received 45 percent to Hutchison 's 29 percent .
Debra Medina , who was picking up momentum until she suggested that the September 11 , 2001 terrorist attacks might have been an inside job , was at 17 percent .
The numbers inside the poll were equally dispiriting for Hutchison 's chances .
Perry had the most committed supporters with 66 percent saying they were " absolutely certain " they would vote for him on March 2 ; 56 percent said the same of Hutchison .
Tested against likely Democratic nominee Houston Mayor Bill White , Hutchison led 42 percent to 34 percent while Perry held a 43 percent to 37 percent edge -- results that undermine Hutchison 's argument that she is the far stronger general election candidate for Republicans .
There is much talk that Medina 's support , which was largely born of a distaste for the two frontrunning candidates , may collapse in the wake of her 9/11 comments ; if it does , her supporters -- the most conservative , anti-government element of the party are a more natural fit in Perry 's camp .
3. Pennsylvania Rep. John Murtha 's widow , Joyce , is the subject of intense speculation that she may step in to fill out the remainder of her late husband 's term , a move that would significantly strengthen Democrats ' chances of winning the special election expected to be held on May 18 .
Joyce Murtha will make no decision or announcement until after her husband 's funeral , which is set for tomorrow , according to an informed Democratic source .
If Joyce Murtha does run , she is likely to clear the Democratic field .
If she decides against the contest , there is likely to be stiff competition for the nomination , which will be decided at county conventions across the southwestern Pennsylvania seat .
Among the Democrats mentioned : former Lt. Gov. Mark Singel , former state Treasurer Barbara Hafer and state Sen. John Wozniak .
The seat , which is the only one in the country that went for Sen.
John Kerry ( D - Mass. ) in 2004 and Sen. John McCain ( R - Ariz . ) in 2008 , is regarded as competitive by the two parties .
Democrats have won five straight House special elections while Republicans view the seat as a chance to build momentum heading into November .
4. A new Des Moines Register poll shows Gov. Chet Culver ( D ) in extremely tough shape for his reelection race this fall .
Roughly one in three voters ( 36 percent ) approve of the job Culver is doing while 53 percent disapprove -- the first time in the Register poll that Culver 's disapproval score is above 50 percent .
Even among his supposed base , Culver struggles ; just 37 percent of labor households approve of the job he is doing while 57 percent disapprove .
Not surprisingly , Culver does n't perform particularly well in head - to - head matchups with leading Republicans .
Former four - term Gov. Terry Branstad ( R ) leads Culver by a 53 percent percent to 33 percent margin while 2006 lieutenant governor nominee Bob Vander Plaats held a more narrow 43 percent to 40 percent edge .
While the news in the poll was n't good for Culver , it did bring out some of the best / worst spin we 've heard since Joe Lieberman 's " three - way tie for third " comment in the 2004 New Hampshire Democratic primary .
Iowa Democratic Party Chairman Michael Kiernan , despite his candidate trailing by 20 points , issued this statement about the Register data : " Branstad should have gone up in the polls after announcing . "
Riiiight .
5. Ned Lamont , the man who ousted Sen .
Joe Lieberman in the 2006 Connecticut Democratic primary only to lose the general election to Lieberman running as an independent , will formally enter the open seat governor 's race tomorrow , according to the Hartford Courant .
Lamont will face off with Stamford Mayor Dannel Malloy , who narrowly lost the 2006 Democratic governor 's primary ; in a recent Quinnipiac poll , Lamont led Malloy 27 percent to 11 percent but more than four in ten ( 44 percent ) of Democratic voters did n't have a preference in the primary .
Lamont , who spent $ 16 million of his own money in his 2006 race , has brought on a brand new consulting team for this bid .
Joe Abbey , who managed state Sen. Creigh Deeds ' Virginia governor 's bid last fall , will play the same role for Lamont .
Fred Yang will handle the poll , Doc Schweitzer the ads and Jim Crounse the direct mail effort .
The Colosseum suffers from sensitive teeth syndrome in The Core
By Elizabeth Diffin
BBC News Magazine
An American physicist is calling for Hollywood producers to tone down the fanciful science in movies - and restrict themselves to just one scientific flaw per film .
But which are the worst offenders when it comes to bad science films ?
Film characters disappear into thin air , travel through time , and know how to fly .
They 're all scientific impossibilities , but since they take place on the silver screen , we suspend our disbelief and go along for the ride .
But one scientist has had enough and is calling on filmmakers to temper their creativity by obeying the rules of science .
At a recent meeting of American scientists , physicist Professor Sidney Perkowitz suggested a new rule : every film should be allowed just one major suspension of belief for the sake of the story .
In other words , films should n't repeatedly violate scientific laws .
And they definitely should avoid internal inconsistencies - breaking scientific rules established in earlier scenes .
Pharmaceutical proteins would be grown in a lab , not super - smart sharks " If it 's scene after scene , it becomes greater than I can stand , " says Prof Perkowitz .
" I understand the dramatic impulse behind it .
The natural tendency is to hype things up . "
Others in the scientific community agree .
In order to emphasise a sense of " impending doom " , filmmakers often ignore realities like time , says Dr David Kirby , a lecturer in science communications at University of Manchester .
After all , if the asteroid in Armageddon was spotted years before it threatened to hit Earth , the story would lack tension .
" Errors of time scale are often done for narrative purposes , " says Dr Kirby .
And for those who think the rules of the laboratory have no place in cinemas , Dr Kirby points out movies often tap into contemporary attitudes towards science and can shape people 's thoughts .
That 's why recent films have focused on things like genetic engineering , the environment , epidemics , and the end of the world .
But Dr Steven Le Comber , an evolutionary biologist at Queen Mary college , University of London , is at pains to point out scientists do n't always make bad movie - going partners .
While he does notice " bad science " in films , particularly when it's in his own subject area , it does n't necessarily ruin his film - going experience .
" If it 's a good enough movie , I 'll let them do it , " he says .
" Science is ruined by bad science , not bad movies . "
So which are the worst offenders ?
DEEP BLUE SEA ( 1999 ) Starring : Saffron Burrows , Samuel L Jackson
The plot : A team of scientists find a cure for Alzheimer 's disease using a protein found in sharks ' brains .
So to harvest more of the useful protein , they create a breed of super - intelligent sharks - their intelligence meaning they have lots of brains - which promptly attack the scientists ' underwater lab .
Science porkies as big as her scarf Silliest science moment : A scientist sticks a syringe directly into a shark 's brain , extracts some cells , places them under a microscope , and watches as the cells regenerate ... complete with computer - generated sparks .
" When we 're talking about neurons firing , there 's not any actual lightning , " notes Dr Le Comber .
What should have been : Chemicals from one organism - usually plants - have been known to have either therapeutic or toxic effects on other species .
But even if scientists were able to isolate and identify an Alzheimer 's - curing protein in sharks , they would need to grow it in a controlled environment .
The solution might be to raise the protein in a bacteria , in large vats in a laboratory , in a way similar to how the first synthetic human insulin was created .
The lab - based solution would eliminate the epic battle with the sharks - and be " not quite as exciting " , Dr Le Comber admits .
And any scientist knows that such a procedure would entail extensive research and requests for funding - a lengthy process overlooked by the film 's rogue scientists .
Does it matter ? :
" It does n't give an accurate idea of what scientists do , " Dr Le Comber says of the film .
" But I do n't think science fares any worse than any other occupations . "
THE 6TH DAY ( 2000 ) Starring : - Arnold Schwarzenegger x 2
The plot :
In the year 2015 , a man returns home on his birthday , only to find that a clone has replaced him .
The double was created , unbeknown to the original man , using only a blood sample and " memory " capture .
The film 's ultimate showdown takes place between the two Arnies .
Arnie meets Arnie meets bad science Silliest science moment : Cloning living organisms is difficult enough , but the man behind the " illegal " cloning also pulled off a scientific first by cloning a dead person ( his wife ) .
While noting this supposedly romantic gesture to be " a little bit creepy " Prof Perkowitz 's main beef is with the science .
It may also lead people to believe they can die and easily have their DNA harvested and cloned , he fears .
In reality , DNA is fragile and quickly degrades after death - a point that even the fantastical Jurassic Park had nailed , a full seven years earlier .
In it , the dino - DNA had to be preserved in sap .
What should have been :
Since the film takes place in the future , it gets a bit more flexibility in terms of plausibility .
But still , " the idea that clones come out fully formed with memories is ludicrous , " Dr Kirby says .
As it happens , Prof Perkowitz has flexed his own creative ambitions - penning a screenplay in which DNA is extracted from a person , inserted into a human egg , and born via " normal " means - rather than creating a " totally realised " human being .
Hollywood , however , has yet to come knocking at his door .
Does it matter ? :
" Because films reach more people than almost any other media , it has real societal impact , " Prof Perkowitz says .
He thinks incorrect depictions of cloning can contribute to public fear and suspicion of genetic engineering .
THE CORE ( 2003 ) Starring : Aaron Eckhart , Hilary Swank
The plot :
When Mother Earth 's molten core stops spinning for unknown reasons , a team of scientists must go to the centre and detonate a hydrogen bomb to get it to spin again .
The fate of mankind rests on it .
Silliest science moment :
When the crew reaches the Earth 's centre and disembarks , their leader only breaks a slight sweat .
But anyone who found themselves within spitting distance of the Earth 's real core would " instantly vaporise " , Prof Perkowitz says .
What should have been :
The whole idea that the Earth 's core would stop spinning is implausible , chimes Mr Kirby .
The film would do well to build on the moment when the scientist uses a peach - skin , flesh , and stone - to represent the Earth 's three layers , says Prof Perkowitz - a minute - long scene that he concedes is OK .
But " they get every other scientific fact wrong , " he says .
Does it matter ? :
The film is so bad , Prof Perkowitz thinks " it 's almost deliberately wrong just to irritate the scientists in the audience . "
He rates it as Hollywood 's worst science film .
Below is a selection of your comments .
Perhaps Mr Perkowitz should avoid going to the movies at all .
I generally view films as escapist entertainment and not scientific documentary .
This has been my position ever since I was disappointed when the transporter beam I bought off a guy outside the Odeon for several thousand quid turned out only to be a box with flashy lights and 6 AA batteries .
Al , Uddingston , UK I 'm guessing it is the " fiction " part of " science fiction " which is not understood by Perkowitz et al ...
DSM , Ipswich , UK What next ?
Ban every book that breaks scientific laws ?
Well , there goes Harry Potter .
Possible even the Bible if you disallow miracles .
What a boring muggle this man is .
Adrian , London , UK
As a scientist I do n't think it 's just films , but the whole raft of CSI - type programmes , where the investigators come along , take a tiny and massively contaminated sample , stick it in a handheld machine and then quickly tell you everything about the person .
I understand that the programme can't be done in " real time " , but some acknowledgement should be made to how difficult and limited these processes really are .
If people realised just how difficult , time consuming and technically limited real scientific methods are compared to the TV versions , then maybe scientists would get the respect and appreciation they deserve .
Ian White , London
If you are an expert on any subject , a film - maker who makes silly errors can be annoying - the trivial matter of incorrect medals on military personnel is the one that gets my goat .
But that should n't deter them from creativity when coming up with novel ideas ... just make sure they are presented coherently and plausibly so that my belief can be suspended willingly rather than choking on the end of a rope !
Megan , Cheshire , UK Cameron 's Avatar features a world of hexapodal ( six - limbed ) wildlife , and yet the aliens themselves are four - limbed , which from an evolutionary perspective does n't make sense .
It 's shame because they would have been more alien in appearance and less like the elongated Smurfs they 've been compared too .
Simon Chadwick , Southampton
In the film The Core they do n't disembark at the centre of the Earth , that 's just ridiculous .
They disembark in a rock bubble filled with crystals which is floating around the earth 's mantle .
Clearly a much more likely scenario .
Joe Allen , Sheffield , UK I find these scientific inconsistencies very off - putting .
One particular issue that always gets my goat is that no matter who the character is , they never seem to notice the cinema full of people sitting in seats staring up at them on the screen .
Craig , Glasgow , UK If Jules Verne had followed the scientific rules of his day instead of following his own imagination , would we have many of the scientific discoveries that have been made over the last century ?
Val Sutton , Derby I enjoy moaning about bad science in films as much as the next physicist , but you can be certain that no one enjoys hearing it !
These days I only kick up a fuss if a film completely fails to be consistent with itself , or a " science thing " is just completely at odds with its own logic .
Unless we 're going to start marking new movies with a big " Approved by Physicists " stamp ( and lets face it , probably no film would get that ) , I suggest we all put up and shut up .
There 's bigger things to get irritated about .
Andrew , Glasgow , UK
It 's all about freedom of choice .
If Mr Perkowitz and the scientific community find " it becomes greater than I can stand , " then they have a choice and can stop watching it .
Just because they have no imagination and do n't allow themselves to ' escape ' for an hour or so into harmless fantasy I do n't see why they should impose their dull lives onto us !
They should n't be allowed to take away our choice to watch it .
Graham Hartley , Ruislip
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
VANCOUVER , British Columbia -- American halfpipe bronze medalist Scotty Lago volunteered to leave the Olympics on Friday after risque pictures of him showed up on the Internet .
Lago , who was awarded his bronze medal Thursday night , was at a party , wearing a Team USA T - shirt when somebody snapped a photo of a woman kneeling below Lago 's waist to kiss his medal .
That picture , and another showing him sticking the medal in the woman 's mouth while teammate Greg Bretz looks on , appeared Friday on the TMZ Web site .
Lago apologized to officials at the U.S. Olympic Committee and the U.S. Ski and Snowboard Association and decided to go home .
" Scotty Lago is a great athlete , but with that comes a responsibility of proper conduct , and his involvement in this situation is not acceptable , " U.S. Ski and Snowboard Association President and CEO Bill Marolt said in an e-mail .
" Scotty realizes his conduct was inappropriate .
He has formally apologized and also made a decision to leave Vancouver today . "
In the aftermath of several out - of - competition incidents in Turin , one of which resulted in the dismissal of freestyle skier Jeret Peterson , the USOC has made extra efforts to emphasize athletes be on their best behavior when they 're at the Olympics .
Before the Beijing Games , the USOC began its " Ambassador Program " that athletes are made to complete before they travel to the games .
Lago was a member of a group of snowboarders called the " Frends , " that included Kevin Pearce and Danny Davis , both of whom were badly injured before the Olympics and could n't make the trip .
" I put all that aside and rode , " Lago said .
He said he put together one of the best runs of his life to win the surprise bronze on a night overshadowed by Shaun White and his gold - medal performance .
Here ’s the front page of today ’s Wall Street Journal ; I think it says a lot about where owner Rupert Murdoch and managing editor Robert Thomson are taking the paper .
There are three main items on the page .
The big headline splashed across the top is “ Hedge Funds Pound Euro ” — a story which , in its online telling , is weakened significantly to “ Hedge Funds Try ‘ Career Trade ’ Against Euro ” , although the headline on the home page remains the same .
The story is accompanied by a chart showing the recent deterioration in the value of the euro , for all the world as though it were caused by the hedge funds in question .
There ’s even hints of conspiracy : the story begins with the tale of a few fund managers having dinner — together !
And talking about the euro !
There ’s only the vaguest hint , in the ostensibly - sober WSJ , that it ’s ridiculous to think that hedge funds could cause a large medium - term change in the value of the euro against the dollar .
They can certainly bet on such a move , and make money if it happens , but you ca n’t manipulate the largest currency pair in the world , when it ’s freely floating and does over a trillion dollars in volume per day .
But that does n’t stop the WSJ from trying .
After talking about nothing but currency trades for the first 11 paragraphs of the story , there ’s then a screeching of gears and those demons du jour – credit default swaps ( CDS ) – are shoehorned into the story , which suddenly starts talking about bets on Greece ’s creditworthiness .
While it ’s true that worries about Greece can have an adverse effect on the euro , again it ’s pushing the limits of credibility to suggest that hedge funds are deliberately trying to manipulate the market in Greek credit so as to make money on their foreign exchange plays .
Especially when , as the article concedes , the only named player in Greek CDS — John Paulson — is now reportedly bullish on the country .
Basically , the article is long on sensationalism and short on news — much like the big photo on the page , a human - interest picture from Haiti , underneath which we find a crypto- denialist story about climate change carrying the headline “ Push to Oversimplify at Climate Panel ” .
The story loves that “ oversimplify ” word , using it in two headlines and twice in the body of the article , but in all cases the shorter and more objective “ simplify ” would be much better suited .
The story talks about “ institutional bias ” at the the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) , but there ’s clearly an institutional bias at the WSJ on this issue too , as evinced by things like the paragraph which begins with this :
Even some who agree with the IPCC conclusion that humans are significantly contributing to climate change say the IPCC has morphed from a scientific analyst to a political actor .
That kind of language makes it seem that there ’s a pretty symmetrical argument about the existence of anthropogenic climate change , and that even some people on the IPCC side — the side of the believers — are still critical of the U.N body .
But of course there is n’t a serious scientific debate over the existence of anthropogenic climate change , not that you ’d ever learn that from reading this story .
And just look at the smoking gun that the WSJ presents as evidence of oversimplification in IPCC reports :
This is oversimplification ?
It ’s simplification , yes — it ’s taken four different time - series of historical temperature , and averaged them .
But I do n’t think it ’s oversimplification : they all show pretty much the same thing , that temperatures stayed pretty constant , within a 0.5 - degree range , from the year 1000 to the beginning of the industrial revolution .
Since then , temperatures have been rising sharply , and all the different scientific scenarios for the future show them continuing to rise dramatically .
The final report shows projections for the future , as well as historical data from the past , making it clear which is which .
In that sense , it ’s much more useful than the historical data alone for the purposes of policymakers .
In any case , it ’s clear from the photograph and the two main stories on the WSJ ’s front page that the paper is aggressively becoming both sensationalist and political .
That might be a sensible move , from the point of view of selling copies , especially on the newsstand .
But it will also inevitably serve to erode the trust that many people , on Wall Street especially , have in the reporting of the WSJ .
RELATED :
cnxps.cmd.push(function ( ) { cnxps ( { playerId : '36af7c51-0caf-4741-9824-2c941fc6c17b ' }) .render('4c4d856e0e6f4e3d808bbc1715e132f6 ' ) ; } ) ;
Even as the EU is dragging its feet in upgrading political ties with Israel , Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi arrived yesterday saying he hoped someday to see Israel as a member of the European club .
" I am here with eight of the most important ministers in my government for this bilateral meeting , " Berlusconi said at a reception soon after landing at the Prime Minister 's Office .
He said Italy only has joint cabinet meetings – something that will happen Tuesday in Jerusalem – with " five of the most important European countries .
" This shows , he said , " that we consider Israel one of the European countries , " adding , " that as long as I am one of the shapers of politics , my greatest dream is to include Israel among the European Union countries .
" Diplomatic officials , however , say that the chances of Israeli gaining admission into the EU are slim , and that it is not even clear this is something Jerusalem desires .
The EU 's foreign ministers in December 2008 approved a significant upgrade in the union 's diplomatic relationship with Israel – though a level far short of full membership -- despite Palestinian opposition and some calls in Europe that this should be linked to developments on the ground .
The decision called for ad hoc summit meetings between Israel 's prime minister and all EU heads of government , something that has never taken place before .
It also called – among other steps -- for Israel 's foreign minister to meet together with all 27 EU foreign ministers three times a year .
This upgrade , however , was put on hold following Operation Cast Lead , and has not been pushed forward in a significant manner .
Berlusconi's visit comes some six weeks after he was sent to the hospital after being struck in the face and pushed to the ground at a political rally in MilanStanding with Netanyahu before paying a visit to Yad Vashem , the colorful and controversial Italian prime minister – whom Netanyahu termed one of Israel 's greatest friends " - said he understands that the Jews ' " terrible past " is always paramount in Israel 's considerations .
"
We would like to look to the future together and ensure that future is one of well - being , prosperity and , first and foremost , peace for our peoples .
And to your people , who even today sees its existence questioned by those against whom we , the international community , stand opposed – we will act to ensure that this never happens .
" Berlusconi said this visit of the Italian cabinet demonstrated " our love , our closeness , our desire to collaborate , to show our recognition of the fact that our two countries and our two peoples share a close bond .
We are here to show our recognition and our pride in the fact that we are part of a Judeo - Christian culture that is the basis for European culture .
" Netanyahu , in his welcoming words , also referred to the cultural links between the two countries .
" One hundred years ago , when the state visionary , Theodore Herzl …was asked about the prospects for a future Jewish state in such a dangerous region , he said that the fate of the Jewish state would ultimately be linked to the fate of the West , " Netanyahu said .
.
" Well , I can think of few peoples who have contributed more to Westerncivilization than our two peoples .
In both Rome and in Jerusalem , thefoundations of Western culture were laid , " he said .
" That is why it isvital that Italy and Israel stand side by side , proud of our heritage , committed to our values , and determined to defend our future and ourculture .
' Netanyahu , who called Berlusconi a " courageous leader who is a greatchampion of freedom and a great supporter of peace , " said during thevisit that the ministers form both countries would work to strengthenand expand Italian - Israeli ties , signing a number of agreements in thefields of energy , environment , economic cooperation and health .
After the ceremony Berlusconi planted a tree at a JNF forest , and thenwent to Yad Vashem where he said touring the museum there was like " being hit in the stomach .
" A state dinner was held in his honor in the evening .
On Tuesday he willmeet Netanyahu again and co-chair a joint cabinet meeting , and onWednesday he will address the Knesset and meet President Shimon Peres .
He is also scheduled to go to Bethlehem for meetings with PA officialson Wednesday before flying back to Rome that same day .
The official KDE 4.4 packages have been uploaded to a PPA for Karmic .
To set it up follow the instructions on the kubuntu backports PPA page .
On that same page , you 'll find the full list of packages that are in the PPA .
By selecting individual packages , you 'll find their description and changelog .
For the full KDE desktop , the package you want to install first is kubuntu - desktop .
To compare versions across all distributions , repositories and PPAs , you can do a package search .
Here is an example for kate , one of the best if not the best text editor available in Linux .
kde.org has a great overview of the new release .
Immediate first aid works to minimize blood clotting triggered by plaque ruptures
How should you take aspirin for a heart attack ?
You 've always been healthy , but you seemed to run out of steam at your wife 's 60th birthday dinner last week .
And now your chest feels heavy , as if you 're in a vise .
You take some antacids , even though it 's 7:00 a.m. and you have n't even had breakfast .
But you get no relief , and the pain is spreading to your jaw and shoulder .
You call your wife , who takes one look at you and rushes to the phone .
After calling 911 , she brings you an aspirin and some water .
Your wife got it right :
You may be having a heart attack , and you need to get to the hospital fast .
You also need to get some aspirin into your system quickly — but should you chew the tablet or swallow it ?
Aspirin for heart attack first aid
The reason you need aspirin is the same reason you should call 911 without delay :
A heart attack is a dynamic event , and early intervention can limit the damage .
The paramedics can give you oxygen and medication , and they 'll monitor your blood pressure and heart rhythm to forestall complications as they speed you to the ER .
In the hospital , doctors will take EKGs and blood tests to see if you are having a heart attack ; if so , they will usually try to open the blocked artery with an angioplasty and stent or , if that 's not available , with a clot - busting drug .
It 's modern cardiology at its best , and it has improved considerably the outlook for heart attack victims .
But how can a humble aspirin tablet add to high - tech medicine , and why is speed so important ?
Most heart attacks develop when a cholesterol - laden plaque in a coronary artery ruptures .
Relatively small plaques , which produce only partial blockages , are the ones most likely to rupture .
When they do , they attract platelets to their surface .
Platelets are the tiny blood cells that trigger blood clotting .
A clot , or thrombus , builds up on the ruptured plaque .
As the clot grows , it blocks the artery .
If the blockage is complete , it deprives a portion of the heart muscle of oxygen .
As a result , muscle cells die — and it's a heart attack .
Aspirin helps by inhibiting platelets .
Only a tiny amount is needed to inhibit all the platelets in the bloodstream ; in fact , small amounts are better than high doses .
But since the clot grows minute by minute , time is of the essence .
To find out how aspirin works fastest , researchers in Texas asked 12 volunteers to take a standard 325 - mg dose of aspirin in three different ways : by swallowing a tablet with 4 ounces of water , by chewing the tablet for 30 seconds before swallowing it , or by drinking 4 ounces of water with Alka - Seltzer .
Each subject tried all three methods on an empty stomach on different days .
The scientists monitored blood levels of aspirin and its active ingredient , salicylate , at frequent intervals , and they also measured thromboxane B2 ( Tx B2 ) , an indicator of platelet activation that drops as platelets are inhibited .
By all three measurements , chewed aspirin worked fastest .
It needed only five minutes to reduce TxB2 concentrations by 50 % ; the Alka - Seltzer took almost 8 minutes , and the swallowed tablet took 12 minutes .
Similarly , it took 14 minutes for the chewed tablet to produce maximal platelet inhibition ; it took Alka - Seltzer 16 minutes and the swallowed tablet 26 minutes .
Aspirin for heart attack prevention
Aspirin can help prevent heart attacks in people with coronary artery disease and in those who have a higher than average risk .
Only low dose , usually just 1 a day , is needed .
But people who think they may be having an attack need an extra 325 mg of aspirin , and they need it as quickly as possible .
For the best results , chew a single full - sized 325 - mg tablet , but do n't use an enteric - coated tablet , which will act slowly even if chewed .
And do n't forget to call 911 , then your doctor .
It 's a contemporary update on the old reminder to take two aspirin and call in the morning — and it 's good advice to chew over .
Heart failure is manageable .
To learn the mechanics of the heart , the symptoms and warning signs of heart failure , and , most of all , the keys to an effective treatment plan , buy the Harvard Special Health Report Heart Failure : Understanding the condition and optimizing treatment .
Image : ironstealth / Getty Images
Disclaimer :
As a service to our readers , Harvard Health Publishing provides access to our library of archived content .
Please note the date of last review or update on all articles .
No content on this site , regardless of date , should ever be used as a substitute for direct medical advice from your doctor or other qualified clinician .
Andrew Breitbart , whose “ Big Government ” website was the platform for James O’Keefe ’s ACORN pimp sting video last year , released a seemingly categorical statement yesterday saying he did n’t have anything to do with O’Keefe ’s alleged tampering with Sen.
Mary Landrieu ’s office phones .
But things got a lot fuzzier in a radio interview Breitbart did with a sympathetic Hugh Hewitt late yesterday .
Breitbart conceded that he does pay O’Keefe a “ fair salary ” and also mentioned that he pays O’Keefe for “ life rights ” and can accept or decline to use what O’Keefe produces .
It ’s not clear , but it sounds like Breitbart has a right of first refusal on whatever O’Keefe ’s produces and in return O’Keefe receives compensation in some form , perhaps on a monthly basis akin to a salary .
In the interview , Breitbart stopped short of calling O’Keefe an employee , while also agreeing with Hewitt — perhaps incongruously — that whatever O’Keefe was doing in New Orleans was “ not within the scope of his employment . ”
A quick post for commentary on the new Solomon et al paper in Science express .
We ’ll try and get around to discussing this over the weekend , but in the meantime I ’ve moved some comments over .
There is some commentary on this at DotEarth , and some media reports on the story – some good , some not so good .
It seems like a topic that is ripe for confusion , and so here are a few quick clarifications that are worth making .
First of all , this is a paper about internal variability of the climate system in the last decade , not on additional factors that drive climate .
Second , this is a discussion about stratospheric water vapour ( 10 to 15 km above the surface ) , not water vapour in general .
Stratospheric water vapour comes from two sources – the uplift of tropospheric water through the very cold tropical tropopause ( both as vapour and as condensate ) , and the oxidation of methane in the upper stratosphere ( CH4+2O2 –> CO2 + 2H2O NB : this is just a schematic , the actual chemical pathways are more complicated ) .
There is n’t very much of it ( between 3 and 6 ppmv ) , and so small changes ( ~0.5 ppmv ) are noticeable .
The decreases seen in this study are in the lower stratosphere and are likely dominated by a change in the flux of water through the tropopause .
A change in stratospheric water vapour because of the increase in methane over the industrial period would be a forcing of the climate ( and is one of the indirect effects of methane we discussed last year ) , but a change in the tropopause flux is a response to other factors in the climate system .
These might include El Nino / La Nina events , increases in Asian aerosols , or solar impacts on near - tropopause ozone – but this is not addressed in the paper and will take a little more work to figure out .
Update :
This last paragraph was probably not as clear as it should be .
If the lower stratospheric water vapour ( LSWV ) is relaxing back to some norm after the 1997/1998 El Nino , then what we are seeing would be internal variability in the system which might have some implications for feedbacks to increasing GHGs , and my estimate of that would be that this would be an amplifying feedback ( warmer SSTs leading to more LSWV ) .
If we are seeing changes to the tropopause temperatures as an indirect impact from increased Asian aerosol emissions or solar - driven ozone changes , then this might be better thought of as impacting the efficacy of those forcings rather than implying some sensitivity change .
The study includes an estimate of the effect of the observed stratospheric water decadal decrease by calculating the radiation flux with and without the change , and comparing this to the increase in CO2 forcing over the same period .
This implicitly assumes that the change can be regarded as a forcing .
However , whether that is an appropriate calculation or not needs some careful consideration .
Finally , no - one has yet looked at whether climate models ( which have plenty of decadal variability too ) have phenomena that resemble these observations that might provide some insight into the causes .
Level of Disgust
No amount of toilet paper covers can save you from the warm public toilet seat sensation .
Alt - Text :
What the hell is ' cheesy foot smell ' ?
Roger Lowenstein gives Americans permission to do what companies do every day :
1 . Ask for a better deal , and / or
2 . Walk away .
[ V] oluntary defaults are a new phenomenon .
Time was , Americans would do anything to pay their mortgage — forgo a new car or a vacation , even put a younger family member to work .
But the housing collapse left 10.7 million families owing more than their homes are worth .
So some of them are making a calculated decision to hang onto their money and let their homes go .
Is this irresponsible ?
Businesses — in particular Wall Street banks — make such calculations routinely .
Morgan Stanley recently decided to stop making payments on five San Francisco office buildings .
A Morgan Stanley fund purchased the buildings at the height of the boom , and their value has plunged .
Nobody has said Morgan Stanley is immoral — perhaps because no one assumed it was moral to begin with .
Read the whole thing >
Lowenstein makes a good ( if not open - and - shut ) case :
The specified penalty for failing to pay your mortgage is that you have to surrender the house .
And you 're doing that .
By the way , one advantage of this move , aside from saving underwater homeowners from pouring money down a rat hole , is that it will help fix the housing market faster .
If underwater homeowners walk away , the banks willl be forced to take a writedown on the bad loan instead of pretending that it 's worth what they say it 's worth .
This will help the bank clean up its balance sheet faster .
So think of walking away as helping to force banks to do what the government refused to make them do -- take their losses !
In response to a Nigerian Muslim trying to blow up a flight from Amsterdam to Detroit on Christmas Day , the government will now prohibit international travelers from going to the bathroom in the last hour before the plane lands .
Terrorists who plan to bomb planes during the first seven hours of the eight - hour flight , however , should face no difficulties , provided they wait until after the complimentary beverage service has been concluded .
How do they know Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab did n't wait until the end of the flight to try to detonate explosives because he heard the stewardess announce that the food service was over and seats would have to be placed in their upright position ?
I can't finish my snack ?
This plane is going down !
Also prohibited in the last hour of international flights will be : blankets , pillows , computers and in - flight entertainment .
Another triumph in Janet Napolitano's " Let 's stay one step behind the terrorists " policy !
For the past eight years , approximately 2 million Americans a day have been subjected to humiliating searches at airport security checkpoints , forced to remove their shoes and jackets , to open their computers , and to remove all liquids from their carry - on bags , except minuscule amounts in marked 3 - ounce containers placed in Ziploc plastic bags -- folding sandwich bags are verboten -- among other indignities .
This , allegedly , was the price we had to pay for safe airplanes .
The one security precaution the government refused to consider was to require extra screening for passengers who looked like the last three - dozen terrorists to attack airplanes .
Since Muslims took down Pan Am Flight 103 over Lockerbie , Scotland , in 1988 , every attack on a commercial airliner has been committed by foreign - born Muslim men with the same hair color , eye color and skin color .
Half of them have been named Mohammed .
An alien from the planet " Not Politically Correct " would have surveyed the situation after 9/11 and said : " You are at war with an enemy without uniforms , without morals , without a country and without a leader -- but the one advantage you have is they all look alike .
...
What ? ... What did I say ? "
The only advantage we have in a war with stateless terrorists was ruled out of order ab initio by political correctness .
And so , despite 5 trillion Americans opening laptops , surrendering lip gloss and drinking breast milk in airports day after day for the past eight years , the government still could n't stop a Nigerian Muslim from nearly blowing up a plane over Detroit on Christmas Day .
The " warning signs " exhibited by this particular passenger included the following :
His name was Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab .
He 's Nigerian .
He 's a Muslim .
His name was Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab .
He boarded a plane in Lagos , Nigeria .
He paid nearly $ 3,000 in cash for his ticket .
He had no luggage .
His name was Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab .
Two months ago , his father warned the U.S. that he was a radical Muslim and possibly dangerous .
If our security procedures can't stop this guy , ca n't we just dispense with those procedures altogether ?
What 's the point exactly ?
( To be fair , the father 's warning might have been taken more seriously if he had not simultaneously asked for the U.S. Embassy 's Social Security number and bank routing number in order to convey a $ 28 million inheritance that was trapped in a Nigerian bank account . )
The warning from Abdulmutallab's father put his son on some list , but not the " no fly " list .
Apparently , it 's tougher to get on the " no fly " list than it was to get into Studio 54 in the '70s .
Currently , the only people on the " no fly " list " are the Blind Sheik and Sean Penn .
The government is like the drunk looking for his keys under a lamppost .
Someone stops to help , and asks , " Is this where you lost them ? "
No , the drunk answers , but the light 's better here .
The government refuses to perform the only possibly effective security check -- search Muslims -- so instead it harasses infinitely compliant Americans .
Will that help avert a terrorist attack ?
No , but the Americans do n't complain .
The only reason Abdulmutallab did n't succeed in bringing down an airplane with 278 passengers was that : ( 1 ) A brave Dutchman leapt from his seat and extinguished the smoldering Nigerian ; and ( 2 ) the Nigerian apparently did n't have enough detonating fluid to cause a powerful explosion .
In addition to the no blanket , no computer , no bathroom rule , perhaps the airlines could add this to their preflight announcement about seat belts and emergency exits : " Should a passenger sitting near you attempt to detonate an explosive device , you may be called upon to render emergency assistance .
Would you be willing to do so under those circumstances ?
If not we will assign you another seat ... "
The USA will match the number of medals it won in the 2006 Winter Olympics in Torino , USA TODAY predicts .
The U.S. team is projected to win 25 medals , nine of them gold , finishing behind Canada ( 34 ) and Germany ( 32 ) :
FIGURE SKATING
Spotlight will be on : Not since Brian Boitano won on Canadian ice in the 1988 Calgary Games has a U.S. man won Olympic figure skating gold .
Reigning world champion Evan Lysacek could repeat Boitano 's feat .
The U.S. women , meanwhile , could be shut out of medals for the first time since 1964 .
Women 's singles
Gold : Kim Yu-na , South Korea
Silver : Miki Ando , Japan
Bronze : Mao Asada , Japan
Men 's singles
Gold : Evgeni Plushenko , Russia
Silver : Evan Lysacek , USA
Bronze : Nobunari Oda , Japan
Pairs
Gold : Shen Xue and Zhao Hongbo , China
Silver : Aliona Savchenko and Robin Szolkowy , Germany
Bronze : Yuko Kavaguti and Alexander Smirnov , Russia
Ice dancing
Gold : Tessa Virtue and Scott Moir , Canada
Silver : Meryl Davis and Charlie White , USA
Bronze : Oksana Domnina and Maxim Shabalin , Russia
ICE HOCKEY
Spotlight will be on :
No medal would mean more to the puck - crazed host nation than men's hockey gold , and Sidney Crosbywill be leading the effort .
Four years after being left off Canada 's 2006 Olympic roster , six months after winning the Stanley Cup with the Pittsburgh Penguins , " Sid the Kid " is on center stage .
Women
Gold : Canada
Silver : USA
Bronze : Finland
Men
Gold : Canada
Silver : Russia
Bronze : Sweden
CURLING
Spotlight will be on : Canadian skip Kevin Martinnarrowly lost the 2002 Olympic final to Norway .
After winning the 2008 world title , he could find redemption on home ice .
In his way are 2009 world champion David Murdoch and his team of Scots , perhaps the only people who revere curling more than Canadians .
Men
Gold : Great Britain
Silver : Canada
Bronze : Norway
Women
Gold : China
Silver : Sweden
Bronze : Switzerland
SHORT - TRACK SPEEDSKATING
Spotlight will be on : With one more Olympic medal , the USA 's Apolo Anton Ohno could become the first short - track speedskater from any country with more than five .
Two more would make him the most decorated U.S. Winter Olympian , surpassing long - track speedskater Bonnie Blair 's six medals .
Men 's 500 meters
Gold : Charles Hamelin , Canada
Silver : Francois - Louis Tremblay , Canada
Bronze : Kwak Yoon - Gy , South Korea
Women 's 500
Gold : Wang Meng , China
Silver : Kalyna Roberge , Canada
Bronze : Liu Qiuhong , China
Men 's 1,000
Gold : Apolo Anton Ohno , USA
Silver : Lee Ho-Suk , South Korea
Bronze : Lee Jung - Su , South Korea
Women 's 1,000
Gold : Wang Meng , China
Silver : Katherine Reutter , USA
Bronze : Zhou Yang , China
Men 's 1,500
Gold : Charles Hamelin , Canada
Silver : Lee Jung - Su , South Korea
Bronze : Sung Si-Bak , South Korea
Women 's 1,500
Gold : Zhou Yang , China
Silver : Lee Eun-Byul , South Korea
Bronze : Liu Qiuhong , China
Women 's 3,000 relay
Gold : China
Silver : South Korea
Bronze : Canada
Men 's 5,000 relay
Gold : South Korea
Silver : Canada
Bronze : USA
LONG - TRACK SPEEDSKATING
Spotlight will be on :
In 2006 , Shani Davis became the first African American to win Winter Games gold in an individual event .
He also was embroiled in controversy over his decision to skip the team pursuit .
He opted out of the team event again to focus on his four individual races in Vancouver .
Men 's 500 meters
Gold : Lee Kyou - Hyuk , South Korea
Silver : Keiichiro Nagashima , Japan
Bronze : Tucker Fredricks , USA
Women 's 500
Gold : Jenny Wolf , Germany
Silver : Wang Beixing , China
Bronze : Lee Sang - Hwa , South Korea
Men 's 1,000
Gold : Shani Davis , USA
Silver : Denny Morrison , Canada
Bronze : Lee Kyou - Hyuk , South Korea
Women 's 1,000
Gold : Christine Nesbitt , Canada
Silver : Annette Gerritsen , Netherlands
Bronze : Sayuri Yoshii , Japan
Men 's 1,500
Gold : Shani Davis , USA
Silver : Chad Hedrick , USA
Bronze : Denny Morrison , Canada
Women 's 1,500
Gold : Kristina Groves , Canada
Silver : Christine Nesbitt , Canada
Bronze : Ireen Wust , Netherlands
Women 's 3,000
Gold : Martina Sablikova , Czech Republic
Silver : Kristina Groves , Canada
Bronze : Stephanie Beckert , Germany
Men 's 5,000
Gold : Enrico Fabris , Italy
Silver : Sven Kramer , Netherlands
Bronze : Ivan Skobrev , Russia
Women 's 5,000
Gold : Martina Sablikova , Czech Republic
Silver : Clara Hughes , Canada
Bronze : Kristina Groves , Canada
Men 's 10,000
Gold : Sven Kramer , Netherlands
Silver : Bob de Jong , Netherlands
Bronze : Havard Bokko , Norway
Men 's team pursuit
Gold : Netherlands
Silver : Canada
Bronze : Norway
Women 's team pusuit
Gold : Canada
Silver : Russia
Bronze : Netherlands
FREESTYLE SKIING
Spotlight will be on :
The USA 's Hannah Kearney entered the 2006 Games as the reigning world moguls champion but failed to make the Olympic final .
For redemption in Vancouver , she must dethrone reigning Olympic champion Jennifer Heil of Canada , favored to win her country 's first gold medal ever at a Games hosted by Canada .
Men 's aerials
Gold : Anton Kushnir , Belarus
Silver : Warren Shouldice , Canada
Bronze : Jia Zongyang , China
Women 's aerials
Gold : Li Nina , China
Silver : Xu Mengtao , China
Bronze : Guo Xinxin , China
Men 's moguls
Gold : Dale Begg - Smith , Australia
Silver : Guilbaut Colas , France
Bronze : Alexandre Bilodeau , Canada
Women 's moguls
Gold : Jennifer Heil , Canada
Silver : Hannah Kearney , USA
Bronze : Nikola Sudova , Czech Republic
SKI JUMPING
Spotlight will be on : With Austria 's Alpine skiing prospects somewhat dampened by injuries and the retirement of Hermann Maier , the country will look to its ski jumpers , especially 20 - year - old Gregor Schlierenzauer , for a dominating performance .
Schlierenzauer has eight World Cup wins this season .
Men 's normal hill
Gold : Schlierenzauer , Austria
Silver : Simon Amman , Switzerland
Bronze : Wolfgang Loitzl , Austria
Men 's large hill
Gold : Thomas Morgenstern , Austria
Silver : Andreas Kofler , Austria
Bronze : Adam Malysz , Poland
Men 's team , large hill
Gold : Austria
Silver : Norway
Bronze : Finland
ALPINE SKIING
Spotlight will be on :
The USA 's Lindsey Vonn has won world championships ( two last season ) and World Cup overall titles ( the last two seasons ) but will be gunning for her first Olympic medals in Whistler .
She was scheduled to race in all five women 's events , but a shin injury may force her out of Sunday 's combined event and maybe more .
Men 's downhill
Gold : Carlo Janka , Switzerland
Silver : Manuel Osborne - Paradis , Canada
Bronze : Didier Cuche , Switzerland
Women 's downhill
Gold : Lindsey Vonn , USA
Silver : Maria Riesch , Germany
Bronze : Anja Paerson , Sweden
Men 's super - G
Gold : Aksel Lund Svindal , Norway
Silver : Michael Walchhofer , Austria
Bronze : Erik Guay , Canada
Women 's super - G
Gold : Lindsey Vonn , USA
Silver : Andrea Fischbacher , Austria
Bronze : Anja Paerson , Sweden
Men 's slalom
Gold : Reinfried Herbst , Austria
Silver : Julien Lizeroux , France
Bronze : Ivica Kostelic , Croatia
Women 's slalom
Gold : Marlies Schild , Austria
Silver : Sandrine Aubert , France
Bronze : Maria Riesch , Germany
Men 's giant slalom
Gold : Marcel Hirscher , Austria
Silver : Ted Ligety , USA
Bronze : Benjamin Raich , Austria
Women 's giant slalom
Gold : Tanja Poutiainen , Finland
Silver : Kathrin Hoelzl , Germany
Bronze : Kathrin Zettel , Austria
Men 's combined downhill / slalom
Gold : Carlo Janka , Switzerland
Silver : Ivica Kostelic , Croatia
Bronze : Aksel Lund Svindal , Norway
Women 's combined downhill / slalom
Gold : Anja Paerson , Sweden
Silver : Maria Riesch , Germany
Bronze : Elisabeth Goergl , Austria
SNOWBOARDING
Spotlight will be on : The USA 'sLindsey Jacobellisgot the most infamous silver of the 2006 Games , after a bit of styling near the finish line tripped her up and cost her gold .
She 's positioned for redemption , winning two World Cup overall titles the last three seasons and the last three Winter X Games titles .
Watch for reigning Olympic gold medalist Shaun Whiteto try a dangerous but high - scoring version of this season 's hottest trick , the double cork .
The U.S. women , with two Olympic champs and an Olympic silver medalist on the team , could sweep the podium .
Men 's halfpipe
Gold : Shaun White , USA
Silver : Iouri Podladtchikov , Switzerland
Bronze : Kazuhiro Kokubo , Japan
Women 's halfpipe
Gold : Kelly Clark , USA
Silver : Gretchen Bleiler , USA
Bronze : Liu Jiayu , China
Men 's parallel giant slalom
Gold : Jasey Jay Anderson , Canada
Silver : Benjamin Karl , Austria
Bronze : Andreas Prommegger , Austria
Women 's parallel giant slalom
Gold : Nicolien Sauerbreij , Netherlands
Silver : Ekaterina Tudegesheva , Russia
Bronze : Amelie Kober , Germany
Men 's snowboard cross
Gold : Pierre Vaultier , France
Silver : Nate Holland , USA
Bronze : Markus Schairer , Austria
Women 's snowboard cross
Gold : Lindsey Jacobellis , USA
Silver : Helene Olafsen , Norway
Bronze : Maelle Ricker , Canada
BIATHLON
Spotlight will be on : Tim Burke , a World Cup overall points leader this season , will have U.S. fans tuning in to find out whether he can win the country 's first Olympic biathlon medal .
More likely is Norway 's Ole Einar Bjoerndalen , who owns nine medals , becoming the most decorated Winter Olympian .
Women 's 7.5 K sprint
Gold : Kati Wilhelm , Germany
Silver : Helena Jonsson , Sweden
Bronze : Anna Carin Olofsson - Zidek , Sweden
Men's 10 K
Gold : Ole Einar Bjoerndalen , Norway
Silver : Halvard Hanevold , Norway
Bronze : Michael Greis , Germany
Women 's 12.5 K mass start
Gold : Olga Zaitseva , Russia
Silver : Helena Jonsson , Sweden
Bronze : Simone Hauswald , Germany
Men 's 15 K mass start
Gold : Dominik Landertinger , Austria
Silver : Ole Einar Bjoerndalen , Norway
Bronze : Emil Hegle Svendsen , Norway
Women 's 10 K pursuit
Gold : Andrea Henkel , Germany
Silver : Magdalena Neuner , Germany
Bronze : Helena Jonsson , Sweden
Men 's 12.5 K pursuit
Gold : Evgeny Ustyugov , Russia
Silver : Ole Einar Bjoerndalen , Norway
Bronze : Maxim Tchoudov , Russia
Women 's 15 K individual
Gold : Helena Jonsson , Sweden
Silver : Kati Wilhelm , Germany
Bronze : Anna Carin Olofsson - Zidek , Sweden
Men 's 20 K individual
Gold : Ole Einar Bjoerndalen , Norway
Silver : Michael Greis , Germany
Bronze : Christoph Sumann , Austria
Women's 4 x 6 K relay
Gold : Germany
Silver : Russia
Bronze : France
Men's 4 x 7.5 K relay
Gold : Norway
Silver : Germany
Bronze : Russia
CROSS - COUNTRY SKIING
Spotlight will be on : A year ago , Kikkan Randallbecame the first U.S. woman to win a cross-country world championship medal , silver in freestyle sprint .
Whether she can repeat will depend on if she can be as fast while skiing classical style in the Olympic sprint .
Men 's 1.4 - K classical sprint
Gold : Emil Joensson , Sweden
Silver : Ola Vigen Hattestad , Norway
Bronze : Nikita Kriukov , Russia
Women 's 1.2 K classical sprint
Gold : Petra Majdic , Slovenia
Silver : Justyna Kowalczyk , Poland
Bronze : Hanna Falk , Sweden
Men 's 15 K classical
Gold : Andrus Veerpalu , Estonia
Silver : Lukas Bauer , Czech Republic
Bronze : Jaak Mae , Estonia
Women 's 10 K classical
Gold : Marit Bjoergen , Norway
Silver : Justyna Kowalczyk , Poland
Bronze : Aino - Kaisa Saarinen , Finland
Men 's combined pursuit
Gold : Petter Northug , Norway
Silver : Marcus Hellner , Sweden
Bronze : Lukas Bauer , Czech Republic
Women 's combined pursuit
Gold : Justyna Kowalczyk , Poland
Silver : Kristin Stoermer Steira , Norway
Bronze : Kristina Smigun - Vaehi , Estonia
Men 's 50 - K classical
Gold : Maxim Vylegzhanin , Russia
Silver : Giorgio Di Centa , Italy
Bronze : Petter Northug , Norway
Women 's 30 K classical
Gold : Justyna Kowalczyk , Poland
Silver : Kristin Stoermer Steira , Norway
Bronze : Evgenia Medvedeva , Russia
Men 's 4x10 - K relay
Gold : Norway
Silver : Germany
Bronze : Italy
Women 's 4x5 K relay
Gold : Norway
Silver : Germany
Bronze : Finland
Men 's team sprint
Gold : Norway
Silver : Russia
Bronze : Sweden
Women 's team sprint
Gold : Sweden
Silver : Finland
Bronze : Slovenia
NORDIC COMBINED
Spotlight will be on : The USA 's Bill Demong , Todd Lodwick and Johnny Spillane have won world titles , with Demong 's and Lodwick 's coming last year .
With that kind of history fresh on their résumés , the USA 's first Olympic medal in the sport seems within reach .
Men 's individual , normal hill
Gold : Magnus Moan , Norway
Silver : Felix Gottwald , Austria
Bronze : Eric Frenzel , Germany
Men 's individual , large hill
Gold : Todd Lodwick , USA
Silver : Bill Demong , USA
Bronze : Jason Lamy Chappuis , France
Men 's team
Gold : Germany
Silver : USA
Bronze : Japan
SKI CROSS
Spotlight will be on : The Winter Games ' newest sport sends skiers downhill four at a time on a course filled with turns , bumps and jumps .
Among those seeking first spoils will be the USA 's Daron Rahlvesand Casey Puckett , both retired from Alpine skiing but not too old for roller derby on skis .
Men
Gold : Chris Del Bosco , Canada
Silver : Andreas Matt , Austria
Bronze : Tomas Kraus , Czech Republic
Women
Gold : Ophelie David , France
Silver : Ashleigh McIvor , Canada
Bronze : Kelsey Serwa , Canada
BOBSLED
Spotlight will be on : Steven Holcomb and his team last year broke the USA 's 50 - year world title drought in bobsled with the four - man world championship .
A U.S. team has n't won four - man Olympic gold since 1948 .
Two - time defending Olympic champion Andre Lange of Germany could foil them again .
Women 's two - person
Gold : Kaillie Humphries , Canada
Silver : Cathleen Martini , Germany
Bronze : Shauna Rohbock , USA
Men 's two - person
Gold : Beat Hefti , Switzerland
Silver : Andre Lange , Germany
Bronze : Pierre Lueders , Canada
Men 's four - person
Gold : Andre Lange , Germany
Silver : Steven Holcomb , USA
Bronze : Janis Minins , Latvia
LUGE
Spotlight will be on :
The USA 's Erin Hamlin , whose world title last season ended a German winning streak at 99 international races , faces another daunting task .
U.S. women never have medaled in luge in the Olympics , and German women have swept the podium at the last two Games .
Men 's singles
Gold : Armin Zoeggeler , Italy
Silver : Felix Loch , Germany
Bronze : Albert Demtschenko , Russia
Women 's singles
Gold : Natalie Geisenberger , Germany
Silver : Tatjana Huefner , Germany
Bronze : Erin Hamlin , USA
Men 's doubles
Gold : Andre Florschuetz and Torsten Wustlich , Germany
Silver : Andreas Linger and Wolfgang Linger , Austria
Bronze : Alexander Resch and Patric - Fritz Leitner , Germany
SKELETON
Spotlight will be on :
The USA 's Noelle Pikus - Pace and Katie Uhlaender have impressive résumés — Pikus - Pace was the 2007 world champion ; Uhlaender has won two World Cup season crowns — but they will have to overcome lackluster results this season to add Olympic success .
Men
Gold : Martins Dukurs , Latvia
Silver : Frank Rommel , Germany
Bronze : Jon Montgomery , Canada
Women
Gold : Mellissa Hollingsworth , Canada
Silver : Anja Huber , Germany
Bronze : Shelley Rudman , Great Britain
The news about Switzerland 's ban on the construction of minarets has made the headlines , providing shocking evidence of the strength of increasing intolerance in Europe .
I shall be writing more about the minaret ban and its implications later , God willing , but right now I wanted to share an interesting side note .
Daniel Streich was a member of the Swiss People 's party ( SVP ) , the political party that pushed the minaret ban initiative .
Streich is a military instructor in the Swiss Army and a local politician in the commune of Bulle .
Formerly a devout Christian , he converted to Islamand kept it a secret for two years .
Streich has left the SVP , made his conversion to Islam public , and has denounced the SVP 's anti-Muslim campaign as a witch hunt .
As far as I can tell , this story has not broken in the English language press .
So , I translated a news article on Streich from German to English , published at the Swiss news site Twenty Minutes Online .
Here it is :
Daniel Streich , military instructor and , until recently , a Swiss People 's Party ( SVP ) politician in the city of Bulle , has left the party .
The reason : He converted to Islam .
For two years he kept this secret from his ex-party .
Now , with the " witch hunt against Islam , " this situation has become unbearable for him .
He was a true SVPer and Christian .
He read the Bible and regularly went to church .
Now Daniel Streich , military instructor and community council member , reads the Qur'an , prays five times a day and goes to a mosque .
" Islam offers me logical answers to important life questions , which , in the end , I never found in Christianity , " says Streich .
Because he could no longer stand the " SVP 's witch hunt against Islam " Streich left the part two weeks ago ( around November 10 , 2009 ) and has made his conversion to Islam become publicly known two years after his conversion .
Now he 's participating in the building of the new Civil Conservative Democratic Party in the canton of Freiburg .
The former churchgoer is vehemently against the minaret initiative : " If the initiative passes , it will be an absolute deep blow for me .
I would have to ask myself , why I applied myself professionally and politically for over 30 years for this political system . "
In contrast , Switzerland urgently needs more mosques .
" It is not worthy of Switzerland to force Muslims to practice their faith in back alleys . "
Reactions in the SVP were mixed .
" Everyone can believe what he wants to , " says General Secretary Martin Baltisser .
SVP - National Council member Alfred Heer had a less friendly reaction .
Politcal scientist Georg Lutz : " The SVP and Islam stand closer to each other than people suppose .
Both advance a conservative worldview . "
With all due respect , I disagree with Lutz ' position .
Muslims tend to have political attitudes that are similar to the social teaching of the Catholic Church : " progressive " on economic , environmental , and foreign policy issues , while being " conservative " on sexual ethics .
But , a more accurate approach would be to say that Catholics and Muslims frequently do not fit within the stereotypical left / right divide .
If anything , I would say that both Catholicism and Islam are more to the Left .
The Right emphasizes particularity ( whether the micro-particularity of capitalist individualism or the macro- particularity of nationalism ) .
The Left , on the other hand , tends to stress universality .
A balanced political position will address both universality ( we 're all members of the same species living on the same planet ) and particularity ( we are shaped and live in particular communities that have their own traditions , political needs , and strengths and weaknesses ) .
How one falls on the left / right spectrum ( assuming such a spectrum exists ) would be a function of his or her relative stress on universality vs particularity .
Since both Catholicism and Islam ( along with other great world religions ) say that what unites human beings is more important than what divides them , their fundamental tendency is somewhat to the Left ( IMHO ) .
Anyway , there 's a sidebar item about an SVP politician trying to frame Streich 's conversion as a national security risk , implying that all Muslims in Western militaries are like the lone nut gunman at Fort Hood .
( Ironically , in doing so he confirms Streich 's allegation that the SVP 's minaret ban is a " witch hunt " against Muslims ) .
Here 's the piece :
Alfred Heer : Anxiety over the convert Daniel Streich ?
Because Daniel Streich converted to Islam when he was an active professional member of the armed forces leads certain politicians to think : " That could be a security risk for the country .
We 've just seen what happened in the USA , " says SVP - National Council member Alfred Heer , referring to the shooting spree of a Muslim military psychiatrist at Fort Hood .
Army spokesperson Christopher Brunner responded , " That is an absurd accusation . "
The Swiss military is neutral on religious affiliations .
Brunner : " it is totally irrelevant which religions our personnel belong to . "
Performance , not belief , is what matters .
Whether Switzerland remains true to its democratic heritage , or follows the paranoia that feeds the extremism that devastated Europe in the 30's and 40's , depends on whether its citizens , in the long run , will think like Brunner or Heer .
As for myself , I hope that some day I can see the Swiss Alps again without being harassed for my Islamic faith .
Man denkt , Gott lenkt .
Follow - up article here :
A Swiss Politician 's Conversion : Facts vs Myth
Favorite Answer
Indeed the rhyme
Humpty Dumpty sat on a wall ,
Humpty Dumpty had a great fall .
All the king 's horses and all the king 's men
Could n't put Humpty together again .... does not tell us at all that Humpty was an egg .
However it 's etymology has a number of variations , and it was in Lewis Carroll 's 1871 book " Through the Looking Glass " ( that used this rhyme ) , where the book 's illustrator John Tenniel first drew Humpty as an egg , sitting on a wall .
An 1810 version of the rhyme also does not explicitly state that the subject is an egg because it was originally posed as the riddle as such :
Humpty Dumpty sate on a wall ,
Humpty Dumpty had a great fall ;
Threescore men and threescore more ,
Cannot place Humpty dumpty as he was before .
Furthermore , " humpty dumpty " was an eighteenth - century reduplicative ( linguistic root ) slang for a short and clumsy person .
Look at my link for just one of Mr. Tenniel 's illustrations .
NEVER GIVE UP
The life of faculty is a busy one ; keeping up with hacking code is hard when you ’re busy teaching others how to hack code , and constantly working on projects that provide them with authentic learning opportunities .
C’est la vie .
That said , a few people have contacted me recently about the occam - pi tools for the Arduino .
Well , to be honest , “ a few ” means “ a couple , ” which really means two .
One is someone I do not know personally ( from Spain ) , and the second is someone I know because they discovered the tools some time ago , and wanted those tools to work again .
Unfortunately , the KRoC build is tricky … there ’s no one command that “ just builds ” everything for the Arduino .
( That ’s a Joel Test failure : can you build and deploy in one step ?
Nope … )
So , two years ago , I had experimented with hosting the compiler .
I wrote a really complex server , and it worked poorly .
There was a port leak , I think .
This past weekend , I rewrote the server , giving it just one endpoint ( instead of 6 ) , and simplified the whole process .
I wrote a new command - line driver that used this protocol .
At this point , I had a 6 - hour hack that “ worked . ”
I then scriped a few thousand runs , and watched RAM and resource useage : everything stayed stable .
Win .
The next day , I decided we still needed a GUI .
I had written one two years ago , but I was afraid of the bitrot .
As it happens , I had written in ( during my overzealous over - complication of the code ) enough abstraction layers that my configuration and ‘ net access was all abstracted away .
So , a few changes to accommodate the differences in the new backend , and the IDE worked .
As we say at Berea : HUZZAH .
At that point , I assumed the build process would “ just work , ” because it just invoked some compilers and bundling tools .
And … it did .
I even had the VM laying around that was used for the Windows build .
( Hooray for large hard drives . )
I did a “ git pull , ” and ran the build scripts .
A few small tweaks were called for , but within the hour , I had both a Mac and Windows distributable build .
( Perhaps it was three hours … there were path issues on Windows . )
That ’s the long way to say that we have new , working versions of the Plumb IDE for occam .
It only targets FTDI - based m328 p devices ( old - school Arduinos ) and the Uno - family of devices ( Uno , Motino , etc. ) .
I will be testing 3.3V devices later today .
I will work on 32 u4 - based devices later .
For now , though , we have an occam environment for the Arduino again .
If you pick it up and have questions , drop a note to the users@concurrency.cc mailing list , or to me personally if you get bounced from there … we have some aggressive filtering because of SPAM .
For your pleasure , you can visit the Downloads section and grab the most recent version of the Windows or Mac build .
Linux ( in the form of a Dockerized goodness ) will be coming soon .
The image below hung for years in my father ’s machine shop , clearly a photocopy even then .
It remains true : never give up .
What 's To Be Done
At this point , we have one active committer on the occam / Arduino project .
Everyone else is , I suspect , busy .
I made a big push at the start of the summer , and summer research with students ( and now , the school year ) eat my time .
Two children also keep me busy .
The question has come in via Twitter : how long until we have support for the Mega ?
We had good support for the Mega1280 , and used it in an aerial robotics project .
As far as I can tell , it should run on the 2560 as well .
That said , the bootloader bugs on the 2560 have plagued me for years ; patches and requests for fixes have made no difference , and I ’ve given up .
So , there are some steps we can take :
We need to combine the TVM and the bytecode in one file , so that every time you write an occam program , the entire VM is re-uploaded along with the new bytecode .
This will work around the problems with the bootloader .
So , step one is to modify the process by which we build code for the 2560 .
After that , we need to make sure the occam libraries are working on the 2560 .
They should , but that will require testing .
That ’s about it , really .
Currently , things work this way : A web service runs on an Amazon VM .
The IDE squirts native code at it , the web service compiles the code , and compiled code for the Arduino comes back .
After the round - trip over the ‘ net , the compiled code for the Arduino is squirted onto the board .
All of this code is open and in a repository .
I ’ve spent some time trying to get the Mega working ( this past summer ) .
I do n’t know what the problem was , but I ran into problems ; I was able to execute occam programs , but had a hard time successfully accessing registers and , you know , blinking an LED .
( With full debugging enabled , I found that I was able to execute bytecode … but something is wrong with the hardware access . )
So , we ’re at a point where , frankly , I either need to free up time , or more people need to be willing to hack on things .
The VM is currently … unprotected .
I really need someone to help set up a VM that is jailed so that the server can run a compiler on arbitrary code without compromising the machine ( in the case of malicious intent ) .
The web service is currently written in PLT Racket .
It could be written in Python , to make it more accessible to more hackers .
I ’m fine with this ; I did n’t do it in the first place because 1 ) I know Scheme well , and 2 ) I knew it would Just Work .
However , if we want to turn this into a Cherry Py app ( or similar ) , I ’m fine with that .
But , that ’s work .
The compiler driver is fine , but we need another script that mashes a compiled VM together with the bytecode , padded so the bytecode always starts at the same place in the IHEX file that AVRDUDE uploads to the Arduino .
This is easy , and I suspect I ’ve already written it .
I do n’t think it is currently plugged into the server , however .
The IDE is fine , mostly , but it needs some cleanup and improvement .
It is written in PLT Racket , because it is one of the few languages that I know of that will let me write a GUI application that will Just Work on all major operating systems without compromise .
I ’d consider moving to an extension for Editra ( a pure - Python environment ) or Gedit ( also scriptable in Python ) if people were willing and able to help drive the effort .
In short , there is work to be done , and it is detailed work .
I ’ll get there ( maybe ) … because I , too , have 2560 boards that I would love to be able to use .
That said , I also have ARM boards I ’d love to be able to use , and would like to spend time on a Raspberry Pi environment , and perhaps the Parallella , and … you get the picture .
There ’s more work than I can do on my own , and for the moment , I have a lot of responsibilities just being a professor at a small college with small children .
This work , sadly , is not able to occupy my time front - and - center .
That ’s the story .
The answer to “ when will the 2560 be supported ? ” is probably “ sometime next summer . ”
That ’s realistic .
Anytime sooner will surprise me as well as you .
Release Early , Release Often Many people have spent many years keeping occam alive on many platforms .
I want it to be easy to use on the Arduino .
I ’ve been working hard for a few months now to get all the pieces in place .
A compiler in the cloud .
To simplify things , I stuck the compiler on a server .
To simplify things , I stuck the compiler on a server .
A website refresh .
I really want to focus on documentation and libraries to support users doing cool stuff .
I really want to focus on documentation and libraries to support users doing cool stuff .
A new IDE .
I wanted something to get users moving quickly .
And , I ’ve ordered a mess of Arduinos .
An Uno , a Leonardo , a Due , and a Mega 2560 are all on their way .
( In truth , the Uno , Leo , and Mega are the only boards that will be supported in the immediate future . )
Documentation will improve quickly as well .
I ’d especially appreciate it if people join the mailing list and provide me with some direction — what do you want ?
I ’ll probably be doing some work that supports our summer research on home health sensing first , but we ’ll see where we go from there .
Website Refresh , Plumb First , the website picked up a big refresh today .
That ’s a win .
It will take time to make sure everything is ticking over nicely , but I ’m looking forward to the process ; we were still learning Jekyll with the last rev , and it ’s a bit more straight - forward now .
More importantly , we have some new tools , and those , too , will be easier to improve and manage over the coming weeks and months .
Plumb Plumb makes it easy to get occam - pi code running on your Arduino on your Mac or Windows .
Basics
You must plug your Arduino in before starting Plumb .
Choose the code you want to send to your Arduino , and then hit “ Run . ”
Loading Examples
If you want to see some instructional / educational example code , use the “ Examples ” menu .
Edit and Run the Examples
The example code can be edited and run directly from within Plumb .
Keep in mind , this is not a programming environment ; if you want to save your work , you ’ll need to copy - paste and do your programming somewhere else .
Semester Coming to an End
This semester has been full of headaches and annoyances , but after much head banging and hard work we were able to accomplish minor goals .
Although we did n’t accomplish everything we had wanted to , we feel that the progress we made was significant for the time we had .
We took pre exsisting python code , rewrote it into ruby follwing OOD , organized it , heavily commented it , as well as fixed the fishtailing issue that taking place with the old code .
With the progress we made obtaining level flight without the dolphin kicks that were previously present , the next step of GPS waypoints is obtainable and the code can be transfered safely to occam - pi and placed on a physical device .
We feel that these are the next logical steps for the project .
Goals
We have a week left of class , and we would like to try and tie in our heading into our pitch so it can turn as well as change altitude at the same time .
If we can accomplish this , the plane will behave as a “ real ” plane flies .
We are unsure if we can accomplish these goals with such a short period of time , but its worth a try .
Did
You know ?
There is now a robot , called the HyTAQ hybrid that can travel by air and land !
Its pretty cool .
Please look here to see the video and article .
http://www.engadget.com/2012/11/28/hytaq-hybrid-quadrotor-robot-travels-by-air-and-land/
Canonical chief executive Mark Shuttleworth says his creation of the Ubuntu GNU / Linux operating system is not motivated in any way by animosity towards Microsoft .
He was responding to queries from iTWire about a recent blog post that has claimed Canonical is becoming the new Microsoft .
" I admire many of the things they ( Microsoft ) have done .
I think it is as wrong to demonise the people who work at a company as it is to demonise people of a particular colour , nationality or other demographic , " Shuttleworth said .
" I think there are appalling abuses of market dominance that have been perpetrated at Microsoft , and I 'm proud of the fact that Ubuntu gives people a real choice between continued serfdom and freedom that is useful , safe and genuine .
" But I 'm not here to punish Microsoft , or hate them , I 'm here to build a better way , if I can .
It will be hard , but we can .
And in the cases where we have common cause , I am happy to work with Microsoft .
That may be a hard concept for people who think that life is easier to understand if you have an enemy to make your own cause right , but I find that attitude leads to bigotry and bad results , and makes it impossible to get past the wrongs of the past .
The blog post had listed a number of reasons why the writer thought Ubuntu was allegedly becoming the new Microsoft : the inclusion of Mono as a default ; the creation of Ubuntu One , a proprietary software repository ; removing the GIMP and other applications from Ubuntu ; changing the default search engine to Yahoo ! ; discussion about what proprietary applications should be included in the Ubuntu repositories ; and the appointment of Matt Asay as chief operating officer .
Shuttleworth did not go into specifics about each of these points , saying instead that " each of the items raised in the blog post you are referring to has been discussed in detail in public forums .
I think the folks from Canonical , and leaders in the Ubuntu community , have represented our intentions accurately " .
He added : " There will be detractors and supporters for any decision we may take which affects our users , but our willingness to act firmly in the face of change is what keeps our platform vibrant and relevant , and we wo n't shirk that responsibility .
" Shuttleworth said his personal goal , and that of all the Canonical people he worked with was to bring the benefits of free software to the widest possible audience .
" That 's our relentless focus , and there are many cases where we have walked the long way round to remain consistent with those principles .
"
He said the vast majority of the work done by Canonical was immediately available to all under free terms .
" That includes pieces which are deeply strategic in nature , like Launchpad , which is published under terms compatible with the latest thinking on free web services .
The proprietary work we do never involves shipping Canonical - proprietary software in Ubuntu , is limited to network services , helps underwrite all of that , and is entirely optional to those who use Ubuntu .
It 's also been adopted on other platforms , too .
" Overall , he said he was very proud of the work Canonical did in the free software community .
" If we are as successful as I hope we will be , then the world will for the first time have a commercial grade platform that is freely available to all .
That 's not true with the existing dominant commercial Linux players .
I am entirely devoted to that proposition , and enjoy working in the Ubuntu community with thousands of others who feel the same way . "
" As it happens , working with Yahoo ! never ( to the best of my knowledge ) involved any dealings with Microsoft .
Nor were we willing to accept Microsoft 's terms of IP licensing , as Novell did .
But if there are constructive places where we can work with Microsoft , or Oracle , or IBM , all of whom ship quite a lot of proprietary software , we certainly will engage openly and in good faith .
And I believe we do so with the full support of the leaders of the Ubuntu community . "
SILVERTON , Colo . 
To find the secrets to Shaun White 's snowboard success , it 's a 63 - mile drive from Durango , Colo. , along the treacherous Million Dollar Highway to Silverton , a tiny town known for its mining of silver and gold .
At the backcountry Silverton Mountain ski area in a snow - filled gulch sits a perfectly sculpted , 500 - foot long , 22 - foot deep halfpipe .
Above it , a helicopter swathed in a Red Bull logo descends in a steep pitch .
From the helicopter , tiny dots become people , and one is moving in a zigzag pattern down the pipe .
That dot is Shaun White , and this is his million - dollar Olympic gold mine .
At 23 , White is the face of the Vancouver Games for the action sports generation and the heavy favorite to bring home a second consecutive Olympic gold medal in men's halfpipe Feb. 17 .
CARRYING THE TORCH : Top athletes in words and video
The private halfpipe , dubbed Project X , is the manifestation of his power .
As the 2010 Winter Games approached , White met with Red Bull 's sports managers to discuss ways to gain an edge , especially in practicing a " double cork , " a complicated maneuver that requires a double back flip combined with a triple twist .
His rivals also were preparing to unleash their versions , so White decided he needed a place to practice far from their eyes .
" Silverton was amazing , " White says .
" It was a once - in - a - lifetime opportunity to work on tricks a ways from everyone else , to be able to take chances . "
The Project X pièce de résistance was a 20 - foot - by - 20 - foot box on the right end of the halfpipe that was filled with hundreds of high - density foam cubes , each about a foot high and wide , a standard training safety feature used by skateboarders and BMX stunt riders to cushion falls .
" The beauty of Silverton was that I was able to have trial and error with the foam pit , " White says .
" Once you can get that first throw out of the way , then you can throw it on the actual wall .
" No one had done these tricks on the halfpipe before because it 's scary , it 's icy , it 's hard to know where you are . "
White 's sessions were recorded with special RED ultra - high - definition video cameras that captured minute details , enabling his coaches to detect the slightest flaws in execution .
After the Silverton project was over , White and U.S. Snowboard halfpipe coach Bud Keene went to New Zealand , where other U.S. riders were training and competing .
It was a trip they also made before the 2006 Winter Games .
" Coach Keene reminded me that New Zealand was where I really won the Olympics , " White says .
They were surprised to see that some riders were making progress on the double cork .
Instead of hiding his new skills , White decided to make a statement .
" I figured I 'm going to have some fun and get these tricks to where they 're mine every time .
Maybe I 'll shock some people .
I 'd never seen so much carnage in the pipe before .
" That was pretty cool to do , to just drop in ( and ) start cranking these tricks out .
I still have some secrets .
I can't give it all away . "
White 's path has n't been without its bumps .
He took a bad spill during a practice run for the ESPN X Games on Jan. 30 .
He was attempting a different trick ( not the double cork ) and suffered a cut chin .
Just 45 minutes later , he won his 10th X Games gold medal .
Cashing in on Torino gold
Before the Torino Games , he already was an action sports superstar with a suitcase full of snowboard and skateboard gold medals from the X Games and Dew Tour .
But that 2006 men's Olympic snowboard halfpipe gold medal opened a floodgate of opportunities for the slightly built ( 5 - 9 , 155 pounds ) athlete with a shock of shoulder - length red hair .
His eponymous videogames have sold more than 3 million copies .
He has a popular line of Target clothing and sponsorship and advertising deals with the likes of American Express , Burton Snowboards , HP computers and Red Bull .
Fortune magazine estimates his annual income at more than $ 9 million .
BusinessWeek magazine rated him as No. 51 in its Power 100 rankings of the most powerful athletes .
The only other action sports athlete on that list is skateboarder Ryan Sheckler at No. 100 .
While those numbers have created some animosity toward him from the sometimes prickly action sports counterculture , his fame and fortune have enabled him to marshal resources far beyond those of his competitors in the race for dominance .
White has been dominant from an early age .
When he was born in 1986 with a congenital heart defect , an athletic career seemed impossible .
But two pediatric open - heart surgeries to repair the condition did n't slow him down .
His father named him after world - champion surfer Shaun Tomson .
At 3 , he began riding small waves on a pint - sized surfboard .
Not long after , he began learning skateboard tricks from Carlsbad , Calif. , skaters inspired by local legend Tony Hawk , a board - sport connection that would become a major influence on his innovative snowboard skills .
His parents loved skiing and began making trips to California ski resorts with 4 - year - old Shaun and older siblings Kari ( now 25 ) and Jesse ( now 30 ) .
Shaun quickly became a speed demon on skis , so his mom ordered him to take up snowboarding in an effort to slow him down .
When Shaun was 7 , his parents entered him in a snowboard contest , which led to a spot in the national championships .
" From the very beginning , " he says , " it was like this contest setting , and I wanted to be the best . "
Keene , who has been training
White since his young days and coached him through the undefeated 2006 campaign that culminated in Olympic gold , says , " His bone , body , brain and synapses make him who he is .
But there are a lot of natural athletes .
" What sets him apart is his extreme commitment to training , to perfection .
He has an uncompromising attitude toward his efforts .
He works harder than anyone , and he 's the most talented .
That 's a hell of a package . "
Skateboarding connection
In his quest , White also has been served well by another , albeit low - tech advantage : vert ramp skateboarding .
Skateboard king Hawk saw 9 - year - old
White skating at a local park and took the little kid with big hair under his wing .
The experience lit a creative fuse for
White that allowed his talent to explode on vert ramps and icy halfpipes .
By 1999 , White , 13 , became a professional snowboarder and was performing at an elite level .
In 2000 , he competed in his first ESPN Winter X Games and placed 15th in superpipe ; two years later , he won two silver medals , becoming at the time the youngest X Games medal winner .
In 2003 , thanks to Hawk 's help , he became a pro skateboarder and the first athlete to compete and medal in the Summer and Winter X Games in two sports : skateboarding and snowboarding .
" He 's inspiring this generation to be good at more than one thing , " Hawk says .
The key component of White 's crossover success , however , is his ability to do one more trick than his competition .
In vert ramp skateboarding , riders throw down as many tricks as they can in a timed event .
A rider who can cram both high - volume and high - quality tricks in a run will usually get a higher score .
" Skateboarding really helps me stay fresh , " White says .
" The technique is different because your feet are n't attached to the board , but both sports are about controlling your body in space , finding a feeling for the trick .
" I can't really describe a trick as much as I just feel it . "
The increasing acidity of the world 's oceans -- and that acidity 's growing threat to marine species -- are definitive proof that the atmospheric carbon dioxide that is causing climate change is also negatively affecting the marine environment , says Antarctic marine biologist Jim McClintock , Ph.D. , professor in the University of Alabama at Birmingham ( UAB ) Department of Biology .
" The oceans are a sink for the carbon dioxide that is released into the atmosphere , " says McClintock , who has spent more than two decades researching the marine species off the coast of Antarctica .
Carbon dioxide is absorbed by oceans , and through a chemical process hydrogen ions are released to make seawater more acidic .
" Existing data points to consistently increasing oceanic acidity , and that is a direct result of increasing carbon dioxide levels in the atmosphere ; it is incontrovertible , " McClintock says .
" The ramifications for many of the organisms that call the water home are profound . "
A substance 's level of acidity is measured by its pH value ; the lower the pH value , the more acidic is the substance .
McClintock says data collected since the pre-industrial age indicates the mean surface pH of the oceans has declined from 8.2 to 8.1 units with another 0.4 unit decline possible by century 's end .
A single whole pH unit drop would make ocean waters 10 times more acidic , which could rob many marine organisms of their ability to produce protective shells -- and tip the balance of marine food chains .
" There is no existing data that I am aware of that can be used to debate the trend of increasing ocean acidification , " he says .
McClintock and three co-authors collected and reviewed the most recent data on ocean acidification at high latitudes for an article in the December 2009 issue of Oceanography magazine , a special issue that focuses on ocean acidification worldwide .
McClintock also recently published research that revealed barnacles grown under acidified seawater conditions produce weaker adult shells .
advertisement
Antarctica as the Ground Zero for Climate Change
McClintock says the delicate balance of life in the waters that surround the frozen continent of Antarctica is especially susceptible to the effects of acidification .
The impact on the marine life in that region will serve as a bellwether for global climate - change effects , he says .
" The Southern Ocean is a major global sink for carbon dioxide .
Moreover , there are a number of unique factors that threaten to reduce the availability of abundant minerals dissolved in polar seawater that are used by marine invertebrates to make their protective shells , " McClintock says .
" In addition , the increased acidity of the seawater itself can literally begin to eat away at the outer surfaces of shells of existing clams , snails and other calcified organisms , which could cause species to die outright or become vulnerable to new predators . "
One study McClintock recently conducted with a team of UAB researchers revealed that the shells of post - mortem Antarctic marine invertebrates evidenced erosion and significant loss of mass within only five weeks under simulated acidic conditions .
McClintock says acidification also could exert a toll on the world 's fisheries , including mollusks and crustaceans .
He adds that the potential loss of such marine populations could greatly alter the oceans ' long - standing food chains and produce negative ripple effects on human industries or food supplies over time .
" So many fundamental biological processes can be influenced by ocean acidification , and the change in the oceans ' makeup in regions such as Antarctica are projected to occur over a time period measured in decades , " McClintock says .
" Evolution simply may be unable to keep up , because it typically takes marine organisms longer periods , hundreds or even thousands of years to naturally adapt , " he says .
" But ocean acidification is simply happening too quickly for many species to survive unless we reverse the trend of increasing anthropogenically generated carbon dioxide that is in large part driving climate change . "
Table of Contents
Warning :
While this project is n’t abandonware , exactly , I do n’t use it much any more , so it does n’t get a lot of maintenance love .
Introduction
SQLShell is a Scala - based SQL command - line tool , similar in concept to tools like Oracle ’s SQL Plus , the PostgreSQL psql command , and MySQL ’s mysql tool .
Some features at a glance
Connection parameters for individual databases can be kept in a configuration file in your home directory , allowing you to specify a short logical name for the database when you connect to it .
( Multiple logical names are permitted for each database . )
SQLShell has command history management , with GNU Readline - like support .
Each database has its own history file .
SQLShell supports retrieving and displaying database metadata ( e.g. , getting a list of tables , querying the table ’s columns and their data types , listing the indexes and foreign keys for a table , etc. ) .
SQLShell provides a standard interface that looks and behaves the same no matter what database you ’re using .
SQLShell supports any database engine for which a JDBC driver exists .
SQLShell is written in Scala and uses some third - party , open - source Scala and Java libraries .
SQLShell is open source , and is licensed under a liberal BSD - style license .
In short , SQLShell is a SQL command tool that attempts to provide some powerful features that are consistent across all supported databases and platforms .
Getting SQLShell
Binary releases
Prerequisites
SQLShell requires :
A Java 6 runtime .
The JDBC drivers for the databases you wish to use .
As of version 0.2 , SQLShell comes bundled with an appropriate version of the Scala runtime , so you do not need to have a Scala installation to use SQLShell .
The graphical installer
Install SQLShell via the graphical installer jar , available in the downloads area :
java - jar sqlshell-0.8.1-installer.jar
This command will install SQLShell , a front - end Unix shell script or Windows BAT file , and all the dependencies .
The installer jar file is signed with my PGP key .
Building from source
You can also install SQLShell from source .
Prerequisites
Building SQLShell requires SBT ( the Simple Build Tool ) , version 0.10 .
Getting the source
Either download the source ( as a zip or tarball ) from http://github.com/bmc/sqlshell/downloads, or make a local read - only clone of the GitHub repository using one of the following commands :
$ git clone git://github.com/bmc/sqlshell.git $ git clone http://github.com/bmc/sqlshell.git
Building
Once you have a local sqlshell source directory , change your working directory to the source directory , and type :
Then , run
sbt update
to pull down the external dependencies .
After that step , build SQLShell with :
sbt compile package
The resulting jar file will be in the top - level target directory .
To build the installer , you currently need to have the IzPack product installed , and you need to set IZPACK_HOME set to its top - level directory .
Once that ’s in place , you can build the installer with
sbt installer
Documentation
Consult the User ’s Guide for complete documentation on SQLShell .
The User ’s Guide is also shipped with the SQLShell source and can be installed via the binary graphical installer .
If you ’re of a mind to do so , you can also peruse the change log .
Reporting Bugs
If you encounter a bug in SQLShell , freel free to open an issue on the issues page .
In the issue , please include :
The affected version of SQLShell , which appears in the banner when you first start SQLShell .
The operating system you ’re using ( Windows 7 , Linux , Mac OS X , etc . )
The version of Java installed on your system .
( Type java -version at a command prompt . )
at a command prompt . )
The type of database you ’re attempting to use , if applicable ( e.g. , MySQL , SQL Server , Oracle , PostgreSQL , etc . )
The JDBC driver you ’re using , if there ’s more than one choice .
( For instance , if you ’re using SQL Server , are you using the JetDirect driver or the Microsoft driver ? )
In addition , enable SQLShell stack traces , as show below ; if SQLShell dumps a stack trace , please include it in the issue .
Enabling stack traces
To enable stack traces , set the SQLShell stacktrace variable :
db > . set stacktrace on
Copyright and License
SQLShell is copyright © 2009 - 2012 Brian M. Clapper is released under a BSD license .
See the accompanying license file .
Patches
I gladly accept patches from their original authors .
Feel free to email patches to me or to fork the GitHub repository and send me a pull request .
Along with any patch you send :
Psst : want to know the future of cyberspace ?
You could try asking a rock star .
Why ?
Well , some of them have turned out to be perceptive futurologists .
Eight years ago , for example , David Bowie said this to a New York Times reporter : " I do n't even know why I would want to be on a label in a few years because I do n't think it 's going to work by labels and by distribution systems in the same way .
The absolute transformation of everything that we ever thought about music will take place within 10 years , and nothing is going to be able to stop it .
I 'm fully confident that copyright , for instance , will no longer exist in 10 years , and authorship and intellectual property is in for such a bashing . "
Bowie then went on to make one of the most perceptive observations anyone 's ever made about our networked world .
Music , he said , " is going to become like running water or electricity " .
To appreciate the significance of this , remember that he was speaking in 2002 , a year after Apple unleashed the iPod on an unsuspecting world .
At the time , millions of people were transfixed by the idea that they could carry their entire music collections around with them in a tiny device .
But Bowie perceived that this blissful state might just be transitory – that iPod users were , in fact , the audio equivalent of travellers to primitive countries who carry bottled water because public supplies are unreliable or unsafe .
In a comprehensively networked world , Bowie surmised , people would eventually become more relaxed about carrying their supplies of bottled music : when they needed it , they would just get it streamed from the network .
Six years later came the launch of Spotify , an astonishing service which streams music with very little buffering delay , and which has become so successful that it eventually had to close subscriptions to its free ( i.e. ad - supported ) service .
Admission is now strictly by invitation only , but paid subscriptions are , as you might expect , readily available .
Anyone who has used Spotify will instantly recognise the perceptiveness of Bowie 's insight all those years ago .
Music has been one of the most powerful drivers of internet development because , after alcohol and sex , it 's probably the thing young people value most .
And when people want something that badly , then they will get it one way or another .
The record labels spent nearly two decades pretending that the net did n't exist .
They persisted with a business model based on plastic discs which made it unprofitable to supply individual tracks .
But the demand for tracks endured – and eventually a peer - to - peer file - sharing service called Napster made tracks available to anyone with a PC and an internet connection .
The result shattered the industry , leaving it utterly dependent on a computer company – Apple – which found a way of legally supplying tracks .
Now spool forward again to today , when the angst du jour is how to get people to pay for online " content " .
Once again , the most perceptive insight may come from the music business – specifically from an iconic 60s band , the Grateful Dead , whose archives have recently been donated to the University of California at Santa Cruz .
Marking the event in a recent article in The Atlantic , author Joshua Green reminded us of how the Dead pioneered ideas and practices that are only now being reluctantly embraced by corporate America .
" One was to focus intensely on its most loyal fans , " Green observes .
The band " established a telephone hotline to alert them to its touring schedule ahead of any public announcement , reserved for them some of the best seats in the house , and capped the price of tickets " .
He adds : " Only in the 1980s , faced with competition from Japan , did American CEOs and management theorists widely adopt a customer - first orientation . "
Quite so .
More significantly , though , the Grateful Dead decided that they would n't try to stop people making bootleg recordings of their concerts , figuring that what they lost in royalties would be more than compensated for by being more widely known , and by the resulting sales of merchandise .
It turned out that they were right .
The band anticipated by decades the " Freemium " business model now being touted by expensive managerial gurus .
Stand by for a best - selling business book entitled Management Secrets of the Grateful Dead .
And if you want to know the future , ask a musician .
OSZK Állatkert – Magyar márkák .
10 . rész Sorozatunk címe Hésziodosz Munkák és napok című művére utal .
Az ókori szerző a földműves kitartó , gondos munkáját jelenítette meg .
Könyvtárunk kutató munkatársai ehhez hasonló szorgalommal tárják fel a gyűjtemények …
HamPLÓ Wolsztyn : ahol minden nap gőzösös nap 2020 nem volt kimondottan élménydús év a legtöbb vasútbarát számára , de ha rendes kerékvágásban mentek volna a dolgok , akkor is kiemelked ő eseménynek számított volna az , hogy menetrend szerinti vonatot vitt a …
It will not appear on any listings and will pounce without warning , day or night , on to the airwaves : first a harp playing folk music , then a familiar voice .
Welcome to Suddenly Chávez , Venezuela 's newest radio show and the latest effort by the country 's loquacious president to talk to voters , whether they want to listen or not .
" When you hear the pluck of a harp on the radio , maybe Chávez is coming , " he said on the inaugural show yesterday .
" It 's suddenly , at any time , maybe midnight , maybe early morning . "
And maybe something to do with the fact few listeners and viewers tune into Hugo Chávez 's long - running Sunday radio and TV show , Alo Presidente , which starts at 11 am and lasts up to eight hours .
Chávez seems to have calculated that ambush will catch a wider audience that may have tuned into the state - run Venezuelan National Radio for a baseball game or salsa music .
Venezuelans are already accustomed to him interrupting scheduled programmes through a law which forces all radio and TV stations to transmit live those speeches he deems important .
Cable channels used to be exempt – prompting a surge in demand from viewers seeking respite – but the government has moved to close that loophole .
In addition to a weekly newspaper column , the president also regularly phones a late - night pro-government talkshow , The Razor Blade , to assail critics and make policy announcements .
With legislative elections looming , Suddenly Chávez appears designed to use the president 's charisma and communication skills to woo back former supporters fed up with rampant crime , inflation and crumbling public services .
" We have many things to report , " he said , and kept listeners ' attention with a dramatic announcement .
" I call on the whole country : ' Switch off the lights . '
We are facing the worst drought Venezuela has had in almost 100 years . "
Venezuela , a member of South American Opec , has some of the world 's biggest oil reserves but uses hydroelectricity for 70 % of its power .
With rivers and dams drying up , blackouts have hit much of the country .
" We are ready to decree the electricity emergency , because it really is an emergency , " said Chavez .
Under the decree , Venezuelans who use more than 500 kilowatt - hours of electricity a month must cut consumption by 10 % or face a 75 % price increase .
Chávez said he would set an example by cutting power usage at the presidential palace .
Good news :
It was a normal day in Sharon Springs , KS , when a Union Pacific crew boarded a loaded coal train for the long trek to Salina .
The Bad news :
Just a few miles into the trip a wheel bearing became overheated and melted , letting a metal support drop down and grind on the rail , creating white hot molten metal droppings spewing down to the rail .
The Good news :
A very alert crew noticed smoke about halfway back in the train and immediately stopped the train in compliance with the rules .
The Bad news :
The train stopped with the hot wheel over a wooden bridge with creosote ties and trusses .
The crew tried to explain to higher - ups but were instructed not to move the train !
They were instructed " The Rules " prohibit moving the train when a part is defective !
RULES IS RULES !
Do n't let common sense get in the way of a good disaster .
Positivity Chris Yeh 9 years , 5 months ago Page history last edited by Positivity : Groundbreaking Research Reveals How to Embrace the Hidden Strength of Positive Emotions , Overcome Negativity , and Thrive by Barbara L. Fredrickson , Ph.D. Part 1 : The Good News About Positivity Chapter 1 : Waking Up To Positivity Chapter 2 : Positivity : Means , Not Ends Chapter 3 : What Is Positivity ?
Chapter 4 : Broaden Your Mind Chapter 5 : Build Your Best Future Chapter 6 : Bounce Back From Life 's Challenges Chapter 7 : The Positivity Ratio Part 2 : Raise Your Ratio Chapter 8 : Where Are You Now ?
Chapter 9 : Decrease Negativity Chapter 10 : Increase Positivity Chapter 11 : A New Toolkit Chapter 12 : Future Forecase : Flourishing
Part 1 : The Good News About Positivity Chapter 1 : Waking Up To Positivity Positivity feels good
Positivity changes how your mind works
Positivity transforms your future
Positivity puts the brakes on negativity
Positivity obeys a tipping point
You can increase your positivity Chapter 2 : Positivity : Means , Not Ends Positivity does n't simply reflect success and health , it can also produce success and health
Positivity broadens and builds
Positive emotions broaden people 's ideas about possible actions
By opening our hearts and minds , positive emotions allow us to discover and build new skills , ties , knowledge , and ways of being
The " broaden and build " theory of positive emotions is Fredrickson 's signature concept
In a UCSF study on AIDS patients , people who expressed more positivity lived longer -- up to 10 years longer
You can have too much positivity .
Negativity serves a purpose .
Positivity that is not heartfelt and sincere does n't have a beneficial effect .
People who claim to be positive , but do n't actually feel those emotions have just as high a level of stress hormones as negative people Chapter 3 : What Is Positivity ?
The 10 Forms of Positivity
Joy
Gratitude
Serenity
Interest
Hope
Pride
Amusement
Inspiration
Awe
Love
Your thoughts strongly affect your level of positivity
Unexplained positivity lasts longer than positivity that we analyze until we understand it
You have to find levers that allow you to trigger positive feelings
" What is going right for me right now ? "
" What can I celebrate ? "
Appreciative Inquiry ( AI ) is an approach to organizational change
" Tell me about this work group at its very best . "
AI tries to create a vivid and detailed image of what 's working , using positivity to inspire and energize the changes that might bring out the best more often .
Chapter 4 : Broaden Your Mind
The broadening effect of positivity is temporary ; as it fades , your mind narrows again .
And negativity narrows it even further .
Experiment : BF had people either feel positive , neutral , or negative ( angry / scared ) .
Then she asked , " Make a list of the things you want to do right now . "
Those who had been placed in a positive mood had the longest lists , followed by neutral , with negative coming in last
Experiment : People in a positive mood were more likely the see the larger patterns in an illustration
If you smile , it literally opens your mind ( but it has to be a sincere smile )
Experiment : Brandeis researchers used eye tracking .
People under the influence of positivity were more likely to look at peripheral pictures ; negativity induced tunnel vision
Experiment : University of Toronto researchers showed the positivity made people more creative on verbal tasks
Experiment : Cornell scientists showed that physicians who were placed in a positive mood by being given a small bag of candy made better diagnoses
Experiment : Haas professors found that managers who were more positive made better decisions , and were more effective interpersonally
Experiment : Kellogg / Northwestern researchers found MBA students who were instructed to display positivity did better in negotiations than those instructed to be neutral or negative
Experiment : Florida State study with BF showed that positive students were more able to cope with adversity , and that because of the " upward spiral , " the differences were even more pronounced when the same students were interviewed 5 weeks later .
Experiment : Positivity makes people feel closer and more connected to the people in their lives
Tests in India and Japan confirmed that this effect was cross-cultural
Experiment : BF 's grad student did a study on positivity and facial recognition .
When injected with positivity the racial biases in racial discrimination ( e.g. easier to tell apart people of your own race ) largely disappeared .
In other words , positivity overcomes racism
Experiment :
In Alice Isen 's classic experiment , people who received an unexpected gift ( like a dime in a payphone ) were more likely to act altruistically ... the increased sense of oneness makes altruism more likely
Positivity is contagious ... helping someone else makes you feel positive , and makes them feel positive , which makes both of you more likely to help someone else , etc .
" Survival is the second law of life .
The first is that we are all one . "
( Joseph Campbell ) Chapter 5 : Build Your Best Future Story : Nina was a stressed out computer analyst .
Her job was challenging ( tier 2 helpdesk ) and her mom had just been diagnosed with a brain tumor .
She and her husband could n't get pregnant , no matter how hard they tried .
She volunteered to participate in a study that provided a free workshop on meditation and positivity .
She started with a 1:1 positivity ratio .
Over time , she moved that up to 6:1 , became much better liked at work , and conceived twins .
The numbers on the study :
Subjects spent 80 - 90 minutes per week meditating
Positivity did n't start to rise until 3 weeks into the meditation , then rose steadily after that
Over the course of the 9 week program , the impact of meditation rose 3X ; in other words , positivity has a greater impact with practice , rather than diminishing returns
This actually defies the hedonic treadmill
Negativity did not change -- in other words , the change was that people became more positive , not that they became less negative
The gains of positivity
Positivity builds psychological strengths
Positivity builds good mental habits
Positivity builds social connections
The degree of gratitude a person shows after receiving a thoughtful Valentine 's gift can forecast how long the relationship will last
When new college roommates are coaxed to express their appreciation for each other , they become closer friends
Shared moments of laughter between partners deepen the relationship and make it more satisfying
Couples who are positive with each other are far less likely to divorce
Positivity builds physical health
Members of the study reported fewer sore throats , less nausea , and even reduced acne
Positivity predicts lower levels of stress hormones and higher levels of growth and bonding hormones
Positivity sends out more dopamine and opioids , enhances immune response , and diminishes the inflammatory response to stress
Positivity brings lower blood pressure , less pain , fewer colds , and better sleep .
Positive people are less likely to have hypertension , diabetes , or a stroke
People who hug frequently have higher circulating levels of oxytocin and lower blood pressure .
The same happens to animals whom you stroke lovingly on their bellies Chapter 6 : Bounce Back From Life 's Challenges People with resilient personalities bounced back stronger after 9/11 ; they became more optimistic , more tranquil , and more fulfilled
Positivity cannot prevent stress and negativity from elevating your heart rate , but it can accelerate the process of reining in your reactions and regaining calm
Experiment involved showing positive or neutral clips to people who were nervous about giving a speech
The most resilient people calmed their hearts within seconds ; the least took minutes
In another experiment , resilient people showed less brain activity in their orbito - frontal cortex ( OFC ) -- the worrying region of the brain when confronted with the anticipation of negativity
Resilient personalities were just as affected by actual negativity ; resilience is characterized by emotional agility , not disengagement
What are resilient people like ?
They ...
Are atturned to their ever - changing circumstances
Are emotionally nimble
React to what is happening now , not what - ifs
Do n't spend energy worrying about the future
Adopt a wait - and - see attitude
Are quick to tell the difference between good and bad ; they do n't overgeneralize or overreact
Minimize angst by cutting out advance worry and afterglow obsessions , focusing instead on the present moment
Build resilience by raising your positivity ratio
The more positive emotions people experience , the more their resilience levels grow
When unresilient subjects were told to get " psyched up " for the challenge , they were able to calm their hearts like resilient people were
There are two basic responses to hardship -- despair or hope
Despair multiplies negativity into a downward spiral
Hope acknowledges negativity , but encourages you to rebound Chapter 7 : The Positivity Ratio Marcial Losada 's observations
Studied 60 business teams in action in a special room with 1 - way mirrors
Tracked three dimensions of every statement
Positive or Negative
Self - focused or Other - focused
Based on Inquiry ( asking questions ) or Advocacy ( defending a point of view )
Based on independent data , teams were split into three groups :
25 % High - performing teams ( measured by profitability , customer satisfaction , and performance reviews )
30 % Low - performing teams
45 % Mixed
He then compared the data
High performing teams averaged a positivity ratio of 6:1 .
Low performing teams averaged under 1:1
Mixed - performance teams averaged 2:1
High performing teams also showed balance on self vs. other - focused and inquiry vs. advocacy
Low performance asked almost no questions , and showed almost no outward focus
High - performing teams were resilient ; they were able to overcome negative shocks
Mixed - performing teams could perform well , but negative shocks could drag them into a rut .
" Extreme negativity caused these teams to lose their good cheer , their flexibility , and their ability to question ; they languished in an endless loop in which each person simply defended their own position and became critical of all else .
You might say that people in these team meetings were no longer truly listening to one another .
They were simply waiting to talk , to defend their own view .
When that becomes everyone 's goal , it 's no wonder that the team meeting goes nowhere .
Keep in mind that this was the most common type of team dynamic . "
You might say that people in these team meetings were no longer truly listening to one another .
They were simply waiting to talk , to defend their own view .
When that becomes everyone 's goal , it 's no wonder that the team meeting goes nowhere .
Keep in mind that this was the most common type of team dynamic . "
Low - performing teams simply started off at a stalemate , and never improved .
Positivity and team performance
Positivity encouraged inquiry and outward focus , as opposed to defending points of view , and thus made teams more open to new ideas
Positivity brought greater social resources ; as positivity increased , so did connectivity and attunement within the team .
Team members were more responsive to each other .
Teams with higher positivity were more flexible and resilient , and did n't get stuck in critical , self - absorbed advocacy .
The tipping point was a positivity ratio of 2.9013
Negativity bias :
Bad is stronger than good ( e.g. you are more likely to remember losing $ 100 than gaining $ 100 )
Positivity offset : Good is far more likely than bad ; for most people , the majority of their moments are at least mildly good
The frequency of positivity offsets the greater impact of negativity
John Gottman , UC Berkeley
Flourishing marriages show an average positivity ratio of 5:1
Languishing and failed marriages show an average ratio of under 1:1
Robert Schwartz calculated that the optimal ratio of 4:1 .
He examined clincally depressed patients who were treated with cognitive behavioral therapy or drugs
Before treatment , the average ratio was 0.5:1
Patients who showed no relief had a ratio of 0.7:1
Patients who experienced average remission had 2.3:1
Patients who showed optimal remission had ratios rise to 4.3:1
Negativity has its uses , but some kinds are better than others
Anger and engagement in conflict can be healthy , but disgust and contempt are not
Guilt can drive you to make amends , but shame simply makes you feel bad
" Appropriate negativity is specific and correctable . "
" Inappropriate negativity is gratuitous and global . "
Losada 's model states that positivity ratios above 11:1 actually reduce effectiveness Part 2 : Raise Your Ratio Chapter 8 : Where Are You Now ?
Free online tools are available at http://www.postivityratio.org
Chapter 9 : Decrease Negativity
The goal is to decrease , not eliminate negativity
Focus on getting rid of inappropriate negativity , but keep the appropriate negativity
Techniques
Dispute negative thinking
Checking thoughts against reality -- this is the heart of CBT
Break the grip of rumination
Best bet is healthy distraction -- work out , meditate , do something that totally absorbs you
Do not choose an unhealthy distraction such as alcohol , drugs , food binges , TV , sad songs
Become more mindful
" Mindfulness means paying attention in a particular way : on purpose , in the present moment , and nonjudgmentally "
Mindfulness can sever the link between negative thoughts and negative emotions
People who take mindfulness courses have been shown to experience less stress , less pain , reduced anxiety , clearer skin , and better immune functioning
Defuse your negativity land mines
If you know what provokes , you simply avoid those situations
If you can't avoid it , you can choose one of three options :
Modify the situation ( e.g. Listen to books on tape to modify your commute tension )
Attend to different aspects of the situation ( e.g. Savoring food rather than gulping it down )
Change its meaning ( e.g .
Thinking of going to the dentist not as torture , but as necessary maintenance )
Assess your media diet
Find substitutes for gossip and sarcasm
Dealing with negative people
Just as with landmines , avoid , modify , attend , or change .
Chapter 10 : Increase Positivity Sincerity matters
Positivity that is not felt is empty and does you no good , and can even be harmful
Enter positive psychology ( good place to look for further resources )
Find positive meaning ( " Always look on the bright side of life .... " )
Savor goodness ( Willfully generate , intensify , and prolong your heartfelt enjoyment of good events )
Before : " It 's going to be fabulous when .... "
During : " I just want to drink it all in ! "
After : Replay it in your mind and relive the good feelings
Count your blessings ( e.g. keep a gratitude journal ... write down five things you love ... but do n't do it every day , or it becomes monotonous and not heartfelt )
Kindness counts
When you keep track of your own acts of kindness , your positivity rises
This also helps you perform more acts of kindness
It is better to perform several large acts of kindness on a single day , rather than spreading it throughout the week
Studies show that helping others predicts living longer
Follow your passions
More specifically , find activities that allow you to enter into a flow state
Dream about your future
Visualize your future success in great detail ; people who perform this exercise show reliable increases in positivity
Apply your strengths
Try the VIA Signature Strengths questionnaire
Try the Reflected Best Self Exercise
Simply exercising a strength is gratifying .
Learning about your strengths provides a temporary boost in postivity ; applying them provides a lasting boost .
Connect with others
People who flourish spend more time each day with the people they 're close to , and less time alone
Experiments show that even if you just pretend to be extraverted when with others , you 'll extract more positivity from those social exchanges
Connect with nature
People who spend 20 or more minutes outside when the weather is good show a boost in positivity
They have more expansive and open thinking
Their working memory span is larger ( which is a proxy for intelligence )
Nature provides fascination and vastness ; these may in turn produce positivity
Open your mind
Practice mindful awareness of your surroundings
Advanced meditators report more self - awareness and acceptance , as well as more positivity
Open your heart
Loving - kindness meditation
You direct warm , tender , and compassionate feelings first to yourself , and then to an ever - widening circle of others
Benefits :
Improved ability to savor and be mindful
Easier time accepting yourself
Finding positive meaning
Trusting others
Fewer aches , pains , colds , and flus
Less depression
Greater life satisfaction Chapter 11 : A New Toolkit Emotions are highly individualized ; everyone has different triggers for their emotions .
Your path to flourishing will be unique
The Tools
1. Be Open
Appreciate your direct sensory experiences
2. Create High - Quality Connections
Respectful engagement :
Be present , attentive , and affirming
Support what the other person is doing
Show that you trust the other person
Play and allow time to goof off
3. Cultivate Kindness
Perform five acts of kindness in a single day
4. Develop Distractions
Make a list of healthy distractions
Make a list of unhealthy distractions
Come up with a list of healthy distractions that you can take advantage of , regardless of weather , etc .
Come up with a healthy alternative to your most likely unhealthy distractions
5. Dispute Negative Thinking
Create flashcards with your most typical negative thoughts
Shuffle them , then practice disputing them out loud as quickly as possible
6. Find Nearby Nature
7. Learn and Apply Your Strengths
Try the VIA Signature Strengths questionnaire
Try the Reflected Best Self Exercise
8. Meditate Mindfully
Focus on physical sensations
See if you can quietly observe your thoughts arising
9. Meditate on Loving - kindness
May they be safe
May they be happy
May they be healthy
May they live with ease
10 . Ritualize Gratitude
Keep a gratitude hournal and describe the things for which you 're grateful each day
Describe why each good thing happened , in a few sentences
Give thanks whenever you come to an ending
11 . Savor Positivity
But keep a light touch
12 . Visualize Your Future
Imagine yourself 10 years form now , after everything has gone as well as it possibly could .
Visualize where and how you'd be if all your current dreams came true .
Imagine that you 've reached your own best potential .
Fill in all the details you can imagine .
Describe your surroundings and your feelings .
After a week of this , review what you 've written .
Draw from your dreams a life mission -- the purpose you want to drive you each day .
What 's the meaning of your existence ?
Journal some more .
Distill your ideas to their essence by crafting a mission statement that you can memorize and apply .
When you think you 've got it right , apply the eulogy test ... if you carry out this mission , would your time on earth be well - spent ?
Create a 10 - year plan to help you meet your mission .
Distill it to bullet points so it is easier to use them to guide your present actions .
Personalize your self - study
Consider your life as a whole and think about each of the 10 positive emotions .
Think about the times you felt each of these emotions clearly and deeply .
What were the triggers of those nourishing states ?
When was the least time you felt each one ?
Where were you ?
What were you doing ?
What was happening ?
Hunt and gather
Pull together objects and mementos that create for you a connection to each of the 10 positive emotions .
Assemble these into a portfolio ... a week on joy , a week on gratitude , and so on .
When times are tough , pull out your portfolio to remind yourself of the good in your life .
Joy
When have you felt safe , relaxed , and joyful , utterly glad about what was happening in that moment ?
When have things truly gone your way , perhaps even better than you expected ?
When have you felt a spring in your step , an unstoppable smile , or a warm glow ?
When have you felt playful , as if you wanted to jump in and get involved ?
Gratitude
When have you felt grateful or thankful , deeply appreciative of someone or something ?
What gifts do you treasure most ?
When has someone gone out of their way to do something good for you ?
When have you simply basked in how lucky you are ?
When do you feel the urge to replay a kindness ?
What inspires you to get creative about giving back ?
Serenity
When have you felt fully at peace and serene , truly content with where you are ?
When has your life felt so comfortable and so very right ?
When does your body feel completely relaxed , with all your physical tentions melted away ?
When do you feel like simply sitting back and soaking it all in , savoring the goodness you feel , thinking of new ways to get this feeling in your life more often ?
Interest
When have you felt fully alert and curious , deeply interested in the mysteries or possibilities unfolding before you ?
When have you felt both safe and yet also captivated by something new and unknown ?
When have you felt intensely open and alive , as though your own inner horizons were expanding before your eyes ?
When have you felt an intense pull to explore and learn more , to fully immerse yourself in your new discoveries and take in a feast of new ideas ?
Hope
When have you felt hopeful and optimistic , encouraged by the possibilities of a good outcome ?
When faced with uncertainty , when have you feared the worst by still somehow believed that things could change for the good ?
When have you physically yearned for something better to happen ?
When have you tapped into your inventiveness to work toward a better future ?
Pride
When have you felt most proud of yourself , fully confident in your abilities , and self - assured ?
When have you done something praiseworthy ?
Achieved something through your own concerted efforts ?
What makes you hold your head high and stand up tall ?
What makes you want to share your good news with others ?
What draws you to dream big , into visions of what you might accomplish in the future ?
Amusement
What makes you feel silly and fun-loving ?
What amuses you ?
Remember nonserious social incongruity ?
When have you and others uncovered or kicked up some unforseen bit of humor ?
What makes you laugh ?
When have you and others infected one another with irrepressible laughter ?
When do you have the urge to share your joviality with others , to goof off and perhaps in the process build a friendship ?
Inspiration
When have you felt truly inspired , uplifted , or elevated by goodness ?
When have you come across true human excellence or virtue ?
When have you seen someone perform or act better than you ever imagined was possible ?
When have you felt drawn to simply witness the excellence that was unfolding before your eyes ?
When has your jaw silently dropped when seeing the best in humankind ?
When have you felt an urge to do your best , so that you too might reach your higher ground ?
Awe
When have you felt intense wonder and amazement , truly in awe of your surroundings ?
When have you felt overwhelmed by greatness , or by beauty on a grand scale ?
When have you been stopped in your tracks , transfixed by grandeur ?
When have you felt part of something much larger than yourself ?
Love
When do you most readily feel the warmth of love well up between you and another ?
When do you feel close , safe , and secure within your relationship , trusting ?
When does a relationship of yours spark one of the many other forms of positivity ?
When do you find yourself leaning in toward your beloved , affirming his or her uniqueness ?
When do you have the urge to just be with and enjoy the companionship of your beloved , to cherish him or her or to bask in their reflected glory ?
Only engage with one positivity portfolio at a time , to maintain power and focus
Engage with them deeply and fully
10 Tips for Creating and Using Positivity Portfolios Be sincere .
Let your positivity be heartfelt , not forced Create depth .
Include multiple artifacts
Make several portfolios -- do n't rely on one emotion
Let them evolve over time , and keep adding to them Always keep one of them at hand Pull out your portfolio when you feel a downward spiral Engage mindfully , with an open heart Keep a light touch and do n't overanalyze Rotate to another portfolio when your current one loses its charge As , " What could I do right now to cultivate this feeling ? "
Chapter 12 : Future Forecase : Flourishing Positivity feels good Positivity broadens minds Positivity builds resources Positivity fuels resilience Positivity ratios above 3:1 forecast flourishing People can raise their positivity ratios
Your emotions are not random or fixed by your genes .
They stem from your daily activities and your entrenched mental habits .
Perhaps more than you ever thought possible , you get to choose them .
Negativity that 's necessarily will always know where to find you .
But you can choose to minimize the gratuitous kind .
And the more you value positivity , the more often its upward spiral will lift you to new heights .
Tune into kindness -- your own , and that of others .
Seek out and savor goodness , beauty , and excellence .
Treasure these moments , and you will unlock recurrent waves of gratitude , awe , inspiration , and more .
Become like a plant and turn toward the light , in all its spiritual , earthly , and human forms .
Feed on it .
The more you train your eye , mind , and heart to the positivity in your life , the more of it you 'll find .
The more positivity you seed and harvest , the bettter become your prospects for flourishing .
Visit the Postivity Self Test at http://www.postivityratio.org
Positivity Tip :
To turn text into a link , highlight the text , then click on a page or file from the list above .
Printable version
The Facebook - platform game FarmVille has 80 million players .
It 's been named social networking game of the year .
It 's played by people young and old .
It 's bigger than Twitter .
But that does n't mean it 's for everyone .
The game optionally advertises itself by sending out news feed updates to your friends whenever you accomplish a milestone with your farm or character .
When you have lots of friends playing FarmVille , those updates can be ubiquitous enough to drive you a little crazy .
Here we 'll save your sanity by showing you how to hide all those FarmVille news feed updates and notifications without burning any bridges with your passionate social gamer friends .
Hiding Friends ' FarmVille News Feed Updates
This task is simple .
Any time you see a FarmVille update in your news feed , move the mouse cursor to the right of the update and a " Hide " button will appear as seen above .
Click on it .
As illustrated above , you 'll then be given the choice to either hide that friend or just the FarmVille app .
Since you probably want to keep seeing your friend 's updates ( we hope ) , click " Hide FarmVille . "
This will hide FarmVille news feed posts from all your friends , not just the one who published that particular update .
Blocking FarmVille Notifications
Sometimes friends will send you notifications inviting you to join them in FarmVille or other games .
These can be annoying if you 're not interested in playing .
The easiest way to take care of this is to click the " x " next to the notification when you receive to block the FarmVille application .
But if you want to do this preemptively without waiting for another notification , just search for the FarmVille application using the Facebook search bar , go to the application page , and look for the " Block Application " link directly below the application image .
We 've included a pic above so you 'll know what you 're looking for .
Clicking that and confirming will prevent FarmVille from accessing your information or sending you notifications , but it wo n't hide news feed updates from friends .
( Newser ) – Dolphins are not only the world 's smartest animal after humans , they 're so intelligent they deserve to be classed as " non-human persons . "
So say scientists who argue their research on dolphins ' brains shows it is unethical to keep such animals captive in amusement parks or to kill them for food or accidentally through fishing , the London Times reports .
Recent studies suggest dolphins have individual personalities and a strong sense of self , and can think about the future .
Bottlenose dolphins can also recognize themselves in a mirror and use it to inspect parts of their bodies , an ability previously thought limited to humans and great apes .
They can learn basic symbol - based language and adapt " cultural " behavior learned from other dolphins -- all of which makes them likely more intelligent than chimpanzees , which are believed to be at about the intellectual level of a three - year - old child .
( Read more dolphins stories . )
Gone are the days of relying on strong returns for money market accounts and certificates of deposit .
Scott Brown 's victory in Massachusetts will not endure unless Republicans clearly understand the meaning of " the machine " that he ran against and defeated .
Yes , it is about a general revulsion at government spending , what is sometimes called " the blob . "
But blobs are shapeless things , and in the days ahead we will see the Obama White House work hard to reshape the blob into a deficit hawk .
Unless the facade is ripped away , the machine will survive .
The ...
From : clearlypellucid
2010-01-30 01:35 pm ( UTC )
do , however , see a flaw in your premises , so I felt obliged to point it out , specifically relating to the Duggars .
What I find odd about that section is that you 've presented an argument entirely grounded in logic for why their lifestyle is perfectly acceptable , then turned around and presented an argument entirely grounded in emotion - driven moralism as to why it 's objectionable .
You do n't actually get to a logical argument until the next paragraph , and you never present an emotional argument in favor of the Duggars , such as that it would be morally incorrect to deny them their reproductive freedoms or their right to raise their children free of indoctrination by the state .
This may be why you felt obligated to later touch on the " why did you choose to attack the Duggars " section ; you did n't attack them , no , but you presented an extremely limp - wristed case in their defense , and created an extremely emotionally loaded case in criticism of them .
It 's not an attack , but to someone who sympathizes with them it definitely feels like one due to the lack of balance .
In writing this response I actually ultimately went back and read most of this , now that I think about it , haha .
I think the other thing you 're failing to consider is that there 's more to the unlimited resources argument than you 're really exploring , and that 's the idea of efficiency .
You do touch on it when you mention that the world is supporting a greater population now , but never fully present the argument for it .
The theoretical limit for land and resource efficiency is extremely high ; look at how much energy we can produce by splitting a single atom as an example .
Cold fusion has been looking increasingly plausible in the last five years as well with the new laser reactor in California . (
As I said , I do n't really have an opinion on the matter , although I do tend to side with the Duggars in the microcosm of their lifestyle choices vs the state 's desire to mainstream them .
I think anyone who accuses you of being a eugenicist is being absurd , since you 're not advocating killing people .
I have to admit I stopped reading about halfway through this .
It 's very long and I 've heard many of the arguments before .
I personally do not have an opinion on the matter , as I 'm still not certain about a number of items each side accepts as facts .
I , however , see a flaw in your premises , so I felt obliged to point it out , specifically relating to the Duggars .
What I find odd about that section is that you 've presented an argument entirely grounded in logic for why their lifestyle is perfectly acceptable , then turned around and presented an argument entirely grounded in emotion - driven moralism as to why it 's objectionable .
You do n't actually get to a logical argument until the next paragraph , and you never present an emotional argument in favor of the Duggars , such as that it would be morally incorrect to deny them their reproductive freedoms or their right to raise their children free of indoctrination by the state .
This may be why you felt obligated to later touch on the " why did you choose to attack the Duggars " section ; you did n't attack them , no , but you presented an extremely limp - wristed case in their defense , and created an extremely emotionally loaded case in criticism of them .
It 's not an attack , but to someone who sympathizes with them it definitely feels like one due to the lack of balance .
In writing this response I actually ultimately went back and read most of this , now that I think about it , haha .
I think the other thing you 're failing to consider is that there 's more to the unlimited resources argument than you 're really exploring , and that 's the idea of efficiency .
You do touch on it when you mention that the world is supporting a greater population now , but never fully present the argument for it .
The theoretical limit for land and resource efficiency is extremely high ; look at how much energy we can produce by splitting a single atom as an example .
Cold fusion has been looking increasingly plausible in the last five years as well with the new laser reactor in California .
( http://www.foxnews.com/story/0,2933,522857,00.html )
So whereas your argument in regards to limited resources makes perfect sense if you assume that we 're close to the efficiency limit , it falls apart entirely if you assume that we 're not .
As I said , I do n't really have an opinion on the matter , although I do tend to side with the Duggars in the microcosm of their lifestyle choices vs the state 's desire to mainstream them .
I think anyone who accuses you of being a eugenicist is being absurd , since you 're not advocating killing people .
From : mythrilwyrm
2010-02-03 07:07 am ( UTC )
Thank you for the long and detailed reply , and for ( eventually ) reading the entire entry .
It 's always nice to get meaningful feedback from someone who holds a differing position .
However , I disagree with some of the statements you 've made .
You say that I presented an emotionally loaded argument against the Duggars .
If this is true , I fail to see how my argument in their defense was any less emotional .
I have n't met them and I 've never watched their reality show , so all the arguments I made in favor of them are grounded in my own readings or the opinions of those who are more familiar with them .
All of the statements in the paragraph that follows , however , are factual .
If anything , I would say I made an emotional argument in their defense and a logical argument against them .
True , I could have argued that they 're free to raise their children without the state intervening , but it would be entirely too easy to turn it around and ask why they 've chosen to religiously indoctrinate their children - an argument with which I 'm much more inclined to agree .
I could have devoted an entire blog entry to a fair and balanced analysis of the Duggars ' lifestyle , but I only wanted to use them to support my central point about overpopulation .
Perhaps it would have been better to choose a family about whom I did n't have such strong feelings , but as far as reader recognition is concerned , the Duggars were the best choice .
Moving on ... your point about efficiency and use of resources is admittedly a strong one .
Given how much progress has been made in finding or utilizing clean and efficient energy sources , I 'm not terribly worried about energy production not keeping up with the world 's needs .
The money or technology needed to introduce clean and efficient energy sources to less - developed countries may be difficult to find , but these are not insurmountable obstacles .
The same holds true for many of our other natural resources .
The problem arises when the efficiency argument is applied to food production and the ramifications are considered .
For the sake of argument , let 's suppose that a new technology was found that allowed all the world 's farms to produce twice as much food .
If you agree with my assertion that population growth is a function of food availability , then this would allow our population to grow much larger .
Even if we had enough natural resources to support the people 's needs as the population grew , we'd be faced with the problem of finding housing for all of them .
If the population grows to that point , people will have to change their lifestyles to accomodate it .
South Korea , for example , is so densely populated that only the very wealthy or those who live in undeveloped areas can afford to own their own houses .
Everyone else lives in apartments .
This might be perfectly acceptable in a collectivistic society with a high population , but I can't imagine it gaining widespread acceptance in a country as individualistic as the United States .
I 'm hoping that we as both a nation and a species can curtail our population growth before it forces us to change our way of living .
I realize that there are many different facets to this issue , and that trying to choose a side and present a definitive argument is like trying to eat a whale in one bite .
Nonetheless , I appreciate you sharing your ideas and would be happy to discuss them further if you wish .
From : clearlypellucid
2010-02-03 04:25 pm ( UTC )
It 's odd that you see your points for and against the Duggars in the opposite way I see mine .
I see all of these points as purely emotional with no foundation of logic ( other than the first point , which is semi-logical ) :
The opposing side , however , can make plenty of arguments against the Duggars and their lifestyle choices .
The family could be criticized for declaring their home a church to avoid paying taxes , for publicly stating that they have no intention of sending their daughters to college , for clinging to outdated and misogynistic views that relegate women to the role of breeding stock , for isolating their children from social interaction and objectionable secular ideas , or for using the media attention they receive to glorify their lifestyle and encourage other couples to follow in their footsteps .
Beliefs about female equality and that secular indoctrination is preferable to religious indoctrination have no basis in logic ; you can't truly make a logical argument that women " should " be the equals of men , you can only point out that it 's cruel and unfair to relegate them to inferior roles , which is an emotional argument .
Any argument from a standpoint of human rights is an emotional argument ; there 's no proof that humans should have rights , it 's just cruel and unfair not to allow them .
In fact , one could make a very sound logical argument that humans should n't have rights ; that society would run much more efficiently and many problems in the world could be eliminated overnight if people were n't allowed to make their own decisions .
On the other hand , arguing that the Duggars can support themselves and their lifestyle and appear to be happy and well - adjusted is a purely logical argument : their lifestyle appears to function admirably , and is therefore acceptable .
As to the second section , energy and food are the same thing .
The only theoretical upward limit on the resources of this planet is its own material turnover .
Theoretically , the planet could be streamlined to the point that every plant and animal in it is edible and grown under controlled conditions using a minimum of space and energy .
Hydroponics and the concept of the arcology could easily mean that our planet may be capable of supporting a hundred times the population we have now .
Whether or not we'd like to live in such a world , I think , is the only real limitation .
I 'd prefer not to .
From : mythrilwyrm
2010-02-04 07:36 am ( UTC )
I can see where you 're coming from , but I still do n't agree .
My way of thinking is that any argument that can be backed up with objective evidence is logical , whereas an argument that is backed up with thoughts or feelings is emotional .
Is my way of thinking flawed , or are you using a different definition of logic than I am ?
I 'm not a machine , so my stances on different issues and the arguments I use to support them are always going to be influenced by my ideas and emotions .
If I can support my arguments with evidence that can be seen , read , or otherwise observed by people who can't read my mind or feelings , does that not make them logical ?
Please set me straight if I 'm misunderstanding .
In regards to your next point , any argument about human rights assumes that we have or deserve to have rights .
Our society operates under the assumption that we have rights ; if we did not , there would be nothing for governing bodies to uphold and we'd be reduced to a mass of individuals scrambling for survival in a state of nature .
However logical it may be to argue that humans should not have any rights , it works only from a purely utilitarian standpoint , and I do n't believe that it will ever be possible to implement such an idea without society as we know it ceasing to exist .
Without delving too deeply into particle physics , it 's true that food and energy are very closely interrelated .
However , they are not fully interchangeable .
We can't consume raw energy , nor can we convert it into consumables in a 1:1 ratio .
Even if future technology makes this possible , the end result would not be a world that I would want to live in , either ... but if the belief that constant growth of the human population is an unqualified good remains unchallenged , I can see this happening .
Just because we 're capable of accomplishing something does n't mean that it 's good or desirable .
By the way , if you 've not yet read Margaret Atwood 's Oryx and Crake , I recommend doing so .
It explores a lot of the themes we 've discussed here , and I think you 'd enjoy it quite a bit .
From : clearlypellucid
2010-02-04 03:54 pm ( UTC )
When I use the term " logic , " I mean logic in its purest sense .
Totally atheistic , utilitarian , scientific proofs .
There are a lot of good arguments out there that I 'd call " illogical " since I 'm working with such a strict definition ; I 'm not saying your arguments are bad by any stretch , just that some of them are not based on pure , objective , physically observable and unquestionable facts .
From : mythrilwyrm
2010-02-06 02:02 am ( UTC )
I can agree with that , though it leads me to wonder if it 's possible to make a logically sound argument either in favor of or against the population issue .
From : clearlypellucid
2010-02-06 03:58 am ( UTC )
Only if you take it as a premise that the logical purpose of a species is to persist as long as possible , in which case you end up with very good arguments both ways .
From : lamguin
2010-01-30 08:32 pm ( UTC )
I wonder if you 've ever read Ringworld .
In it , there 's a one child per person law , with extra children available under a few circumstances : buying a child pass for a one - time fee of $ 1000000 ( under the theory that money making ability is at least partially genetic ) , being an accomplished athlete , scientist , author , etc ( encouraging certain traits ) , and a lottery making up the balance between deaths and births .
A person who had no children yet could enter a gladiatorial death match for their opponent 's birthright .
The point of this in the book was to breed an extremely lucky strain of human , via the lottery .
Good book .
You might like it .
From : mythrilwyrm
2010 -02-03 07:08 am ( UTC )
Sounds like a really interesting premise .
I 'll have to give it a read someday .
( Deleted comment ) From : mythrilwyrm
2010 -02-03 07:20 am ( UTC )
I think the point about the Duggars representing anti-intellectualism is very astute .
I suspect that the majority of homeschooling families educate their children at home because they fear or disagree with the ideas that their children would encounter in a public school .
I also have doubts about how well - prepared the children of such families will be to interact with diverse groups of people , but I have n't found much evidence to support the claim that they are n't .
I think Bill and Melinda Gates have a good thing going , even if they have problems implementing their ideas .
It 's proof that billionaires who spend their money wisely can have a profoundly positive impact on the world .
( Deleted comment ) From : mythrilwyrm
2010-02-03 12:55 pm ( UTC )
For some reason , knowing that devoutly religious homeschooling families have minimal interaction with people who do n't belong to devoutly religious homeschooling families does n't lead me to believe that they can have meaningful interactions with diverse groups of people .
I wonder if they suspect that there 's a life outside of their religious subculture .
What really got my dander up was reading the Duggars ' old family website .
One of the blurbs on it talked about protecting children from the potentially dangerous influence of books , games , television , and the Internet .
Do n't think about it too much , or your brain cells will start dying en masse .
( Deleted comment ) From : mythrilwyrm
2010 -02-03 07:29 am ( UTC )
I agree that it 's unfair to give the older children the responsibility for raising the younger ones .
Kids need time to be kids , and they lose that opportunity when their parents have too many children to raise without help .
I find the church business outrageous , as well .
It smacks of an attempt to apply their credo of " owe no man anything but love " to their dealings with the federal government and the IRS .
Wonderful as that idea might sound , it'd lead to the breakdown of society if everyone lived that way .
From : spacepixie
2010-02-01 05:03 pm ( UTC )
These are actually a lot of the same thoughts I 've had about such things .
People usually think I 'm going to be pro-let - the - population - get - as - big - as - it -c an when I tell them that I'm a Christian , but though the Bible says to be fruitful and multiply , it also implies that man has a responsibility for stewardship that overrides that .
The main point of that , IMO , was to ensure that there were enough humans in the world to survive and thrive , and possibly to ensure that the Word of God was carried to every nation .
Check , check , and check .
At this point , I would think that the Duggars ( and the entire Quiverfull movement ) risk bringing hatred upon their religion .
Look at the exponential growth of the Duggars alone .
In fewer than ten generations , assuming all of them have the same convictions and fertility possibilities , there will be more Duggars than THERE CURRENTLY ARE PEOPLE ON THE EARTH ( I actually sat down and did the math on this once , for fun .
It 's pretty scary . )
Which means that the force that pushes us into starvation and scarcity will most likely be wearing a cross around its neck .
What kind of PR is that ?
If you 're an effective enough witness ( and if you are walking the walk , chances are you will be ) there 's no need to crap out vast numbers of children just to ensure that someone will agree with you .
There are enough people in the world .
The more time you spend having children and growing your family , the less time you 're spending helping and spreading the Word to the people that already exist .
That 's why I do n't agree with the Duggars ' lifestyle choices .
Then again , I do n't claim to speak for all Christians .
In fact , given my radical views on ... most things , I probably speak for exactly one of us .
From : mythrilwyrm
2010-02-03 12:47 pm ( UTC )
I applaud your insight into the problems with Christianity and the lifestyle choices of the people who follow it .
Either you 've been reading Ishmael or you 're just about as liberal as I am . ;)
I think you 're exactly right about the problems with the Duggars ' way of life and how it reflects on their religion .
Unfortunately , they and too many other Christians have an extremely limited narrow scope of awareness and an even narrower interpretation of the Bible .
They see the passages " be fruitful and multiply " or " how blessed is the man whose quiver is full of [ children ] " and obey them unquestioningly without regard for the long - term effects .
Rather than reaching out to the people already in the world , they contribute to the population problem and brainwash their children to further their religious agenda .
If they so strongly believe that their ideas are good and right , why not focus on sharing them with the rest of the world instead of cramming them down their children 's throats ?
An alluring idea will survive long after the person who shared it passes away .
Of course , I do n't expect the Duggars or their ilk to know anything about memetics , so I 'm not surprised that they think the way they do .
From : spacepixie
2010-02-03 07:42 pm ( UTC )
I may not be the first to observe this , but you can't spell " overproliferation " without Pro Lifer .
From : mythrilwyrm
2010-02-04 04:34 am ( UTC )
Too true !
NEW DELHI , July 9 — India test - fired its longest - range nuclear - capable missile on Sunday for the first time , government officials said .
But although the missile was launched , it was unclear whether the entire test was successful , with at least one report saying that the missile had failed at some point in its flight .
The launching has occurred at a time of rising international tension over North Korea 's recent missile tests , and as the United States Congress is considering a civilian nuclear pact that the Bush administration negotiated with India .
While the pact does not concern missile tests or other military activity , its critics say the Bush administration failed to obtain any commitment from India to stop producing new nuclear weapons fuel , or to restrict its production of new weapons .
The test of the Agni 3 missile ( agni means fire in Hindi ) appeared intended to show that India 's strategic arsenal could reach far beyond Pakistan and cover territory including China .
The missile is reported to have a range of more than 1,800 miles .
The Defense Ministry said it had been launched from Wheeler Island , off the coast of Orissa State in the Bay of Bengal , and had taken off successfully .
