7 January 2010
Satellite pic shows snow - covered UK
The winter whiteout conditions affecting the UK are clearly visible in a striking image of the whole country received by the University of Dundee Satellite Receiving Station today .
Virtually the entire country can be seen covered in a white blanket of snow and ice .
The image was received today from a NASA satellite named Terra .
You can view and download the images from the following link - http://www.sat.dundee.ac.uk/
The image is available for use but MUST BE CREDITED to ' NEODAAS / University of Dundee ' .
If you register for free on the Station 's website ( see - http://www.sat.dundee.ac.uk/registerql.html), you can then view and download higher resolution versions of the image from the following link - http://www.sat.dundee.ac.uk/gallery/.
For media enquiries contact :
Roddy Isles
Head , Press Office
University of Dundee
Nethergate , Dundee , DD1 4HN
TEL : 01382 384910
E-MAIL : r.isles@dundee.ac.uk
MOBILE : 07800 581902
A COOK should always say yes when offered something that will “ stink up your pot real good . ”
It ’s a lesson I learned earlier this month , when James Graham handed me a couple of pieces of seasoning meat from his truck , parked on a stretch of asphalt in Brooklyn .
Seasoning meat is really just the thick trimmings band - sawed from the top or bottom of a country ham .
Some people call it sweet meat , others just call it smoked ham .
But in the backs of a handful of trucks that park in East New York , Canarsie and Bedford - Stuyvesant , it ’s called seasoning meat and it will set you back about $ 4 a pound .
You do n’t need very much to make a batch of Hoppin ’ John or some greens .
Maybe a quarter - pound , especially if the meat is sharing the job with a ham hock or two .
“ Put some of this in your pot and the neighbors will come fast , I promise you that , ” said Mr. Graham , who works out of a truck parked near the intersection of Flatlands and Pennsylvania Avenues in Brooklyn .
Mark McGwire is returning to baseball this season as the St. Louis Cardinals ' hitting coach .
Could he also be making a cameo as a player , too ?
In an interview with the Contra Costa Times , Cardinals manager Tony La Russa mentioned the possibility of putting McGwire on the team 's active roster on Aug. 31 so he'd be eligible to play in the postseason , if the Cardinals are still in the race .
" If we 're in contention , we 'll put him on the roster Aug. 31 .
It 's a nice little dream , " La Russa told the newspaper .
However unlikely the scenario might be , La Russa said it 's not impossible .
" Is it likely ?
Probably not .
I do n't think it 's a zero possibility .
The point is , you 'll see him in spring training .
He wo n't be leaning on the batting cage chatting it up .
He 'll work his [ butt ] off , and hitters will be thrilled he's there helping them , " La Russa told the newspaper .
Archaeologists in Indonesia have uncovered a 1,000 - year - old temple that could shed light on the country 's Hindu past .
The intricately carved statues and reliefs are some of the best preserved in Indonesia , but the dig is being conducted under tight security to protect the site from well - organised relic thieves .
The temple was found on the grounds of Yogyakarta 's Islamic University as workers probed the ground to lay foundations for a new library , and they realised the earth beneath their feet was not stable .
Digging soon revealed an extraordinary find : three metres underground were still - standing temple walls .
Heavy rains then exposed the top of a statue of the god Ganesha in pristine condition .
A few weeks into the excavation , archaeologists are declaring the temple and its rare and beautiful statues an important discovery that could provide insights into Indonesia 's pre-Islamic culture .
" This temple is a quite significant and very valuable because we have never found a temple as whole and intact as this one , " said archaeologist Dr Budhy Sancoyo , who is one of the researchers painstakingly cleaning up the temple .
" For example , looking at where the statues are placed in this temple , they are in their original positions , unlike the other temples .
" This temple is important for understanding the culture of our ancestors . "
A volcanic eruption is thought most likely to have covered the temple around the 10th century , about 100 years after it was built .
The eruption preserved its statues and reliefs in better condition than almost everything else discovered in Indonesia from that period , including the Borobodur and Prambanan temple complexes .
But now that they are exposed , the temple 's contents need to be protected with 24 - hour security .
Last November , thieves plundered the nearby Plaosan Temple .
The heads of two rare Buddhist statues were stolen , to be traded by organised syndicates dealing in artefacts .
Tri Wismabudhi from central Java 's culture and heritage agency says temple thieves are robbing Indonesians of a piece of their history .
" To us , archaeological sites like this are archaeological data , so if the data is missing or incomplete , that means the history of the nation is also missing , " he said .
" People do n't understand that .
That 's why they steal , because they do n't realise how important this is for us as a nation . "
At the Kimpulan temple on the campus of Yogyakarta 's Islamic University , the statue of Ganesha is being kept slightly buried to make it harder to steal .
It could sell for up to $ 250,000 on the black market .
The university wants to open the site to the public once the dig is complete .
The library that was destined for the site will be redesigned to incorporate the Hindu temple .
3:40 pm
Brave New Foundation
Brave New Foundation Raises Funds for Food for Afghan Refugees
3:20 pm
Defenders of Wildlife
Interior Department Urges Stronger International Protections for Polar Bears
2:04 pm
National Day Laborer Organizing Network
287(g ) Program Should Be Ended , Not Mended
2:01 pm
Human Rights Watch ( HRW )
Honduras : Stop Blocking Human Rights Inquiries
1:58 pm
Americans United for Separation of Church and State
Americans United Opposes Proposed Congressional Land Grant to Religious School in Michigan
1:56 pm
Defenders of Wildlife
Haber Devoted His Life to Studying and Saving Alaska's Wolves
1:36 pm
ACLU
Court Rules Government Can Continue to Suppress Detainee Statements Describing Torture and Abuse
11:48 am
Progressive Democrats of America ( PDA )
PDA Leadership Joins Single - Payer Push in Pennsylvania
11:20 am
Human Rights Watch ( HRW )
Nepal : Years of Terror , Then Broken Promises
Bread of heaven : A curry house diner was amazed after spotting what appears to be face of Jesus on a naan bread .
David Howlett , 34 , was about to tuck into a rogan josh at India Dining , in Esher , Surrey , when he saw Christ 's facial features - complete with beard and flowing hair - in the blackened patches .
He said : " My wife and I were about to tuck into our food when I spotted Jesus looking right back at me .
Needless to say I chose not to take a bite , and photograph it instead "
Credit : SWNS
A man clears snow from the paths outside his house in Wilkieston in West Lothian
With millions of Britons battling through snow and ice to get to work today , scientists claim that the cold conditions should not be used as evidence against man -made climate change .
Blizzards , ice and sub -zero temperatures that have gripped the UK for almost a month in a record deep freeze are not “ robust ” indicators of global weather patterns , they say .
Their claims come despite the fact that the rest of the northern hemisphere , from America to Europe and Asia , is suffering some of the worst winters in living memory .
Huge snowfalls are being witnessed from China and South Korea , across eastern , central and western Europe and to America where even Florida is struggling to record temperatures above freezing .
Last night critics of the global warming lobby said the public were no longer prepared to be conned into believing that man-made emissions were adding to the problem .
Long - term forecaster and trends analyst Piers Corbyn , of WeatherAction , said : “ Global warming is a failed science built on falsified data .
It is a sham to say that man has caused it . ”
But Stephen Dorling , of the scandal - hit University of East Anglia ’s school of environmental sciences , remained adamant that the weather should not be used as evidence against climate change .
But he added : “ It ’s no surprise that people look out of their window and find it hard to rationalise what ’s going on with the longer term trend . ”
But he said it was wrong to focus on cold snaps or heat waves but look instead at longer - term trends .
The Met Office ’s Barry Gromett said December and January ’s cold weather was “ within the bounds of variability ” in a global trend of rising temperatures in which 2009 is set to be the fifth warmest year on record .
He added that while Siberia , the UK and parts of the US were very cold , other areas including Alaska , Canada and the Mediterranean were warmer than usual .
But China faces its worst winter in 20 years , with temperatures down to - 43C .
Mr Gromett added : “ Climate change is likely to give us milder winters , but there ’s always opportunities within that to have colder years .
The Ugandan government is in the advanced stages of developing and promoting irrigation throughout the country in a bid to respond to droughts that have dented the country 's food security .
For generations , Ugandan farmers have relied , and thrived , on rainfall to water the land , with irrigation mostly associated with large - scale schemes for crops like rice or sugar canes or flowers for export .
But the climate is changing and droughts are becoming more frequent ; a government meteorologist recently said that Uganda had suffered at least eight serious droughts in the last 40 years , compared with only three in 60 years leading up to 1970 .
The Teso region , in which Katine falls , has been hit by food shortages after much of the area 's harvests failed due to drought in the middle of last year .
Last year , government officials say the cabinet directed the ministries of water and environment and of agriculture to develop a national 25 - year master plan on irrigation .
The plan should spell out the feasibility , the approach and the cost of irrigation schemes throughout the country .
According to the commissioner for water for production in the Ministry of Water and Environment , Richard Cong , the master plan should be submitted to cabinet this month .
Uganda 's minister for water and environment , Maria Mutagamba , says that cabinet will debate the draft plan and send it to parliament for debate and approval .
" Once parliament passes it , it becomes a policy and it shall be implemented , " Mutagamba says , adding that government was taking irrigation very seriously and was looking for funds to take it beyond existing schemes .
Cong , an engineer , says the ministry carried out a countrywide rapid assessment of irrigation potential and requirements .
The master plan is expected to show which areas can be used for irrigation in each of Uganda 's 81 districts .
Irrigable areas have been divided into two categories : category A for those near to permanent water bodies like lakes and rivers and category B for areas to which water will need to be moved into artificial valley tanks or dams .
" For Soroti district , the irrigation potential is estimated at 8,585 hectares [ 21,205 acres ] , for category A and 690 hectares for area B , which is a total of 9,275 hectares , " says Cong .
Soroti district covers 2,662 km sq , of which 406 km sq are water bodies .
Much of the land is arable , but Cong says priority would be given to areas that are closer to water bodies .
" If a land owner does not want to do irrigation , he / she can rent out the land . "
Presently , Cong says the total area under formal irrigation in Uganda is 14,418 hectares ( 35,612 acres ) out of an estimated 560,000 hectares with irrigation potential .
The plan is to increase the utilisation of category A land from 5 % to 10 % by 2015 , to 25 % by 2020 and to 70 % by 2035 .
One of the reasons for the low levels of irrigation in Uganda has been the reliance on rain - fed agriculture , which has become less reliable with the fluctuations in weather .
According to the draft master plan , the government has been reforming the water sector since 1997 , culminating , in 2005 , in a 10 - year water for production strategy and investment plan ( SIP ) , which was reformed earlier this year .
" The revised SIP recognises irrigation as one of the major components of water for production and being core to the eradication of poverty , " the draft plan says .
Cost hurdles
But a potential obstacle to the development of irrigation is the cost .
The draft master plan acknowledges that development of infrastructure for irrigation is generally beyond the means of the average household or even the private sector .
" Therefore government of Uganda is expected to take the lead in development of infrastructure for irrigation , " says the draft plan .
Cong declined to reveal what it would cost the government to implement the plan , saying the costing was still at an early stage .
The draft plan suggests that the costs could be divided into two – off - farm and on - farm .
The government would be expected to meet the major costs of transferring water from the water bodies to the gates of the irrigable lands .
From there , Cong says , the proposal is that the farmers meet 60 % of the costs , while government meets the remaining 40 % .
The farmers ' costs would depend on the type of technology suitable for use on individual farms , but could include digging on - farm tunnels or buying pumps .
Cong says the most suitable pump for most areas in Uganda – including Katine – would be the Ecologics pump , which costs about $ 500 .
This pump can get water from 8 m deep and up to 20 m high within a radius of up to 1 km , he says .
Although Soroti's envisaged land area for irrigation is small , the district chairman , Stephen Ochola , says the development of the master plan is a positive step .
Still , he has his reservations .
" Our country is very good at developing good policies that are never implemented , " he says .
" My strong recommendation is that when that policy is passed it should be implemented .
Does it make sense for my district , for instance , to continue relying on nature when it is surrounded by water ? "
However , for irrigation to take off , communities will need a lot of advice and reorganisation .
Ochola said that it might be necessary to convince families to live at one end of a village and use the other end for farming activities , for example .
Given the settlement and land ownership patterns , that will be a huge challenge .
But for Katine resident Alfred Abilu , who lost more than 2 hectares ( around 5 acres ) of sorghum , groundnuts and millet to the drought , moving his homestead to another end of his Obiol village would not be a problem , as long as land is not grabbed by other people .
" We used to know that these months are for rains and those are dry months , but things are now changing ; so we need help and irrigation can help , " says Abilu , a father of six .
The master plan envisages that to popularise irrigation , demand - driven demonstrations will be necessary .
And once farmers see that irrigation can be the difference between a good harvest and starvation , the uptake will be expected to increase .
Among the changes in the new version of Python is the way the division operator works .
In this article , Python book and video author Wesley Chun explains how the math function has worked since Python was created and how it changes as the dynamic language moves towards the future .

Python stands at a crucial crossroad of its existence .
One highway features the most popular version of the language , Python 2 ; the other path represents the next generation , Python 3 .
The release of 3.0 last winter signals an eventual end - of - the - road for Python 2 somewhere down the line .
Python 2.x has taken this language , continuing to grow in popularity every year , as evidenced by watching the trending of the monthly TIOBE Programming Community Index as well as its distinction of being awarded the ( programming ) Language of the Year award twice in a row .
Python has come a long way , from secondary development tool to prime - time ; Python 3.x stands to take it even further .
However , one aspect of Python 3 concerning some current users is the fact that , for the most part , Python 3 code is backwards - incompatible with Python 2 interpreters .
As we flow further into the transition process , Python 3.x breakage is something that we need to be increasingly concerned with .
One of the best places to start is by future - proofing current Python 2 source ... you know , " breakage prevention " coding .
This can be accomplished starting in Python 2.6 , the first release with 3.x features deliberately backported to Python 2 .
A article appearing earlier this year ( March 2009 ) on InformIT gave an overview of the major differences between Python 2 and Python 3 , including the critical role that 2.6 and all remaining 2.x releases play in the transition process .
This time the focus is on one of the more noticeable core changes that is of particular interest to users , and that is the division operator being altered to only performing " true division . "
NOTE
The code snippets used in this article have a strong 2.x flavor because most users are still on Python 2 .
Plus most of those interpreters support both the new and the original division behavior .
In Python 3 , you do not have a choice .
New Division Functionality
You need to know at least that the math functionality is changing , even if you do n't care as much about the actual implementation .
Many programmers recognize that this is one of the most controversial updates to Python so far .
What is " true division " you ask ?
It means that even if with a pair of integer operands , the result is a floating - point value instead of a truncated integer result .
Changing this default behavior is an often emotional issue , usually based on your previous programming experience .
Many flame war battles – here is one and here is another – have already been waged , but those who believe in " true division " finally won out .
It 's too late to participate because these heated discussions occurred nearly a decade ago during the summer of 2001 .
This change to Python that we are discussing here actually began with the 2.2 release which debuted at the end of that year .
Regardless of your personal take in the matter , I hope that after reading this piece , you wo n't be coding 1 / 2 relying on its result to be zero ( you will get an answer of 0.5 with any Python 3 release ) .
To highlight the before and after , let 's ( re ) define some terminology and their relationships and behavior with integer and floating - point operands .
Classic Division
This is the default division operator behavior in Python 2.x as well as in today 's dominant programming languages such as Java and C / C ++.
When presented with integer operands , classic division truncates the decimal place , returning an integer ( also known as floor division ) .
When given a pair of floating - point operands , it returns the actual floating - point quotient ( aka true division ) .
Here is an example illustrating classic division functionality :
>>> 1 / 2 # integer truncation ( floor division ) 0 >>>
1.0 / 2.0 # returns real quotient ( true division ) 0.5
True Division
True division is where the result is always the real floating - point quotient , regardless of operand type .
This is the default division operation in any Python 3.x release .
As mentioned earlier , most Python 2 releases have both behaviors built - in ; to take advantage of true division in 2.2 and newer 2.x releases , either start the interpreter with the - Qnew option or import division from __future__ .
Once you do that , the division operator ( / ) only performs true division :
>>> from __future__ import division # 2.2+- only >>> >>>
1 / 2 # returns real quotient 0.5 >>>
1.0 / 2.0 # returns real quotient 0.5
Floor Division
A new division operator ( // ) always truncates the fraction and rounds it to the next smallest whole number toward the left on the number line , regardless of the operands ' numeric types .
This operator works starting in 2.2 and does not require the __future__ directive above .
>>> 1.0 // 2.0 # floors result , returns float 0.0 >>> -1 // 2 # negatives move left on number line - 1
20 Unusual Stuff Made Out of Gold
Gold is a chemical element with the symbol Au ( Latin : aurum ) and atomic number 79 .
It is a highly sought - after precious metal in jewelry , in sculpture , and for ornamentation since the beginning of recorded history .
But its also used for unusual stuff like these :
Golden Pills :
Golden Vibrator :
Golden Porsche :
Golden Cards :
Golden Bicycle :
Golden Teeth :
Golden Tools :
Golden Motorbike :
Golden Bag :
Golden Dog Collar :
Golden Headset Necklace :
Golden Tyre Rim :
Golden MacBook :
Golden Shoes :
Golden Speakers :
Golden Coffee Maker :
Golden Stroller :
Golden Pencil :
Golden Soother :
Golden Keyboard :
51 Ways to Save Money in College
Saving money for college is a job in itself .
College students should earn credit for doing it , because the task requires using the mind and it ’s helpful for life after college .
So to help out the universal crowd of college students who have been trying to save money since the roots of higher education , here is a list of fifty - one ways to save money for college .
That ’s fifty - two ways to save yourself from going deeper into debt , and fifty - one ways you can pat yourself on the back in the future .
And for some encouragement , listen to the wise words of Ralph Waldo Emerson who said , “ With the past , I have nothing to do ; nor with the future .
I live now . ”
Transportation
1. Bike it .
Not only does using your bike help out your wallet , it ’s a good work out for the gluteus maximus .
2. Bus it .
Public transportation is one of man ’s greatest inventions because it is cheaper than car insurance and history ’s highest gas prices ( which you wo n’t have to pay if you ride the bus / metro / insert other mode of public transportation here ) .
All it takes is a small fare or your campus ’s bus passes ( some universities charge , others give them out for free for a limited number of hours ) .
3 . If you own a car , turn off your air conditioning while driving to save gas .
4 . Choose the shortest route from point A to point B .
5. Carpool ; work on your social skills .
6 . If you drive a manual , coast on the down hills .
Food / Drink
7. Dumpster dive .
Some places make dumpster diving easy by , for example , putting all of their stale ( but edible ) items in a specially marked dumpster .
Check your state ’s law for further info .
Here is Urban Dictionary ’s definition of dumpster diving : “ Actively searching through trash in commercial or residential dumpsters to find discarded but usable items ; Proves fruitful at grocery stores and bakeries , where good food is often neatly thrown away when it merely approaches the sell - by date . ”
8 . Do n’t just leave those cans and bottles from last weekend ’s party on the curb to be taken away by the garbage man .
Recycle them yourself and get cash from a grocery store that provides this service .
This method of recycling , known as the Bottle Bill , is only in certain state ’s legislation so hopefully you live in one of those 11 states .
9 . Keep your receipts from grocery stores , which often hold coupons and special offers on the other side .
Look up extreme couponing to get inspired .
10 .
Step away from the latte and say hello to good ole coffee and Americanos .
If you are one of those college students who hangs out at a coffee shop so often most people are n’t sure if you are a customer or an employee , it would be wise to choose cheaper options if you are buying a drink every time you visit .
All that milk one finds in a latte ca n’t be good for one person , even if you are n’t lactose intolerant .
11 . Want to have a pizza night ?
Taco night with friends ?
Have each person bring one ingredient to contribute to the meal and it will be astronomically cheaper for the host , and that much tastier too .
12 . Use the most of your punch cards at local coffee shops .
Three dollars off of a drink of choice or even a free drink is that much money that you can keep in your wallet if you are consistently punching that beloved 2 by 3.5 inch piece of paper .
13 .
Home brew your own ______ ( fill in the blank ) .
Check out The Mad Fermentationist blog to get recipes and ideas .
Who knows if home brewing is cheaper , short term , but in the long run perhaps people will be paying YOU for what you make .
Think about it .
14 . Brew your own coffee at home .
This is cheaper , because you can buy grains in bulk , and when you put it in a travel mug you are good to go for class .
15 .
At the beginning of every week buy enough food to last you one week in one meal .
i.e. chicken and rice for dinner the next seven days .
It lacks the variety one enjoys , but we ’re in college so we ’re aiming for cheap and edible .
16 . Buy in bulk .
Use those coupons and stock up .
Use your freezer .
17 .
Make use of your on - campus credit that goes towards food and beverages in the cafeteria and various stores and coffee bars .
Use it all up before spending it elsewhere , especially if you can buy the same items there as anywhere else .
18 . Go to school or community events with free food , whenever the opportunity presents itself .
19 .
When you are grocery shopping , do n’t go to the store while you are hungry .
There will be less of an urge to buy everything that looks appealing .
Clothing
20 .
Thrift stores , garage sales and second - hand shops are a college student ’s best friend when old clothes wear out .
It is a widely held belief that thrift stores are thee places to shop whether you are cheap or not , because there is such a wide range of clothing that fits anyone ’s taste and it ’s rare that you ’ll see someone else wearing the same clothing item you ’ve bought from a second - hand shop .
21 . Get in touch with your crafty side .
When you find clothes at a second - hand shop that are too large , alter them yourself .
That x-large band t- shirt that you cannot pass up will be a size medium in no time .
22 . Trade clothes with friends when your wardrobe starts looking dull .
This is all perspective , and what you need is to swap a few articles of clothing and voila !
That should do the trick to curing your monotonous closet .
23 .
One word : Self - control .
Restrain from being an impulse buyer !
Books
24 . Rent textbooks .
This can be done through a website like Chegg or places nearby such as your university ’s bookstore , library or your county ’s local library .
25 . Join Amazon Student and for one year get unlimited free two - day shipping on textbooks and other items .
It ’s free to sign up for students !
Gayle Haggard has been appearing everywhere from Oprah to Larry King Live to talk about her new book Why I Stayed : The Choices I Made In My Darkest Hour .
The title is in reference to the decision she made to stay with pastor Ted Haggard , even after he admitted to cheating on her with a gay male escort .
Gayle now says Ted ” was ‘ cured ’ of his homosexual compulsions . ”
A couple years ago , I had a chance to interview Mike Jones , the aforementioned gay male escort who brought this whole story to the media ’s attention .
He said then that he was sad that no GLBT groups or progressive groups were reaching out to him or really even acknowledging his existence .
When Gayle ’s book came out this week , I wondered what Mike ’s reaction was to all the recent publicity .
I figured attention on the Haggards ’ story might also mean renewed attention on Mike and his book .
I was wrong .
It looks like everyone is still avoiding Mike .
This is what he wrote to me in an email ( he gave me permission to post it ) :
“ It is not hard to have a happy marriage .
If you are faithful to the one you love , everything else will fall into place . ”
“ Being a hypocrite is the worst thing you can be in the eyes of god . ”
These are just two of many statements Ted Haggard has made through the years .
Ted was not only a hypocrite with the gay community but with the heterosexual community .
Yet when Gayle was asked if Ted is a hypocrite , her answer [ was : every ] one is a hypocrite .
It is very difficult for me because no press will talk with me .
Not even the gay press .
The hell with the gay community .
I no longer fight for gay marriage .
I hope they lose every case .
I have learned that it is a phony , vindictive , jealous , and intolerant group .
The gay community should be so outraged at the Haggards right now , but you do not hear a peep .
They are saying that being gay not only can be cured , but it is the dark and evil side of life .
WHERE IS THE ANGER !
I exposed myself to expose this man and no one really cares .
My life has been in shambles and the Haggard ’s are making money again because the Christian community is coming back to them .
I only wish I could have that kind of support .
Gayle Haggard knows more than she is letting on and the question I wish someone would ask Ted is , was Mike Jones your whore or your lover ?
Yeah … he ’s still upset .
And he has some good reasons to be .
The GLBT community has been relatively muted when it comes to speaking out against Gayle Haggard ’s book .
I have n’t heard much from them , anyway .
( That said , I still support gay marriage , the repeal of DADT , etc. )
They ’ve done little outreach to Mike after he exposed one of their greatest foes as a hypocrite .
While the Haggards have been making money off this whole escapade , Mike has been moving from job to job , afraid of getting fired every time the Haggards make a media appearance .
Also , as he said in the interview , by exposing himself , much of his family distanced themselves from him .
It ’s not like Mike ’s background is perfectly spotless , but he has little to show for having the courage to come out publicly as an escort in order to bring Haggard ’s secret life out in the open .
Meanwhile , the Haggards have come out like heroes .
I asked Mike if he had any desire to see Ted Haggard again — maybe to accept an apology from him or just to speak his mind in person .
Mike said he had done that , too :
I have always been open to meeting him .
In fact , I wrote him a letter about a year ago , suggesting that but he never responded .
So , I tried .
After all this , I get why Mike is frustrated .
And I wish him all the best .
With the saline water from a gradually swelling sea continuously making further inroads into Bangladesh 's prime arable lands and late monsoon upsetting the cropping seasons , agronomists reckon her as a virtual climate change laboratory .
Resilient farmers however would not give up .
If the pictures taken right from the fields are something to go by , Bangladeshi farmers are taking all sorts of cope - up measures -- locally developed or based on scientific inventions -- to fight back the global warm up .
Agronomists fear sea level rise would induce salinity to intrude further into the main land as salinity - affected arable lands rose from 0.83 million hectares in 1990 to 1.2 million hectares in 2009 .
Recipe for changes is all too obvious for farmers in the northern Rangpur region where farmers no longer afford to remain oblivious to climatic changes having serious ramifications on traditional ways of crop production .
They ( farmers ) say one of the most obvious fallout of climate change is gradual drifting of rain - fed rice season ( aman ) due to drought and delayed monsoon .
Over the last couple of years , farmers in the rice - rich northern districts experienced the same problem of getting insufficient rains , missing out the appropriate time of planting aman seedlings , and then again , crop loss owing to inundation as late monsoon bursts with too much of rains within too short a span of time .
Changes in weather and erratic rain patterns not only pushed the aman season from June - July to August - September but also , as a cascading effect , delayed planting and harvesting of winter rice -- boro .
And this made the country 's top productive rice season vulnerable to sunstroke and susceptive to sterility .
Irrigated boro contributes 60 percent of the country 's over 30 million tonnes annual rice output while the rest comes from rain - fed aus and aman .
Abdur Rouf , a farmer of Joyrampur village in Rangpur 's Mithapukur upazila says delayed rain makes seedlings in seedbeds grow old and that 's why “ We have to invest more on supplementary irrigation so that aman can be reaped by Nov 15 allowing us to grow potato prior to preparing land for boro . ”
Khairul Mostafa Bablu of the same village says due to delayed monsoon , aman growers had to go for supplementary irrigation in the last two years .
Those who want to grow potato in between are opting for shorter - duration varieties like BRRI - 33 and BINA - 7 .
The farmers have to compromise a bit in grains output , as the shorter - duration ones are comparatively little less productive than the traditional HYVs ( high yielding varieties ) but can be harvested a month ahead , thereby releasing land for potato .
Farmers in the northern region are particularly happy that rice science is providing them with shorter - duration aman varieties as those come handy to them to fight back climatic adversities like delayed monsoon that they have been experiencing since 2007 .
Porimol Chandra Sarkar is a very known face among farmers in Rangpur 's Pairaband union because they always find this young agriculture extension official by their side whenever they face any sort of difficulties in growing crops .
Sub - Assistant Agriculture Officer of Pairaband union Porimol blames last year 's erratic monsoon ( late and heavy rains in a short span of time ) for damage of aman crops in many fields .
He says daytime high temperature and nighttime cool and mists during September - October causes hindrance to flowering of aman and rabi crops .
Septuagenarian farmer Abu Bakar Siddiqui of Louhoni village says , unlike in the yesteryears winter now comes late and its duration is shorter .
He feels that the gap between daytime and nighttime temperature is widening .
Bakar mentioned larger infestation of insects these days .
He recalled that there were not so many insects in crop fields 20 years back .
This correspondent got similar views from a pesticide trader , who could not agree more on what Bakar had said .
Md Shah Alam sells pesticides at Shofi Traders in Rangpur .
He says often he hears farmers complain that even after applying equal doses of pesticides as in yesteryears , they are not getting relief from pest attacks .
Abul Kalam of Joyrampur says , due to shifting of cropping seasons last year aman was planted late and so was harvested late .
This resulted in late plantation of irrigated winter rice -- boro -- eventually exposing the crop to too high temperature in April - May . " That is why we got many sterile grains as BR - 29 in last boro season suffered neck - blight . ”
Dr Sk Ghulam Hussain , who closely monitors the probable impact of climate change in Bangladesh 's farmlands and serves as a member - director in Bangladesh Agricultural Research Council ( Barc ) , declined to foresee any worsening scenario .
“ We 're in a virtual climate change laboratory , which is a natural advantage for us .
Our farmers are innovative and they can cope well with adaptation technology . ”
According to him , 1.5 to 2.5 degrees Celsius projected rise in temperature over the next 50 to 70 years is nothing conspicuous .
But he promptly adds , “ If the rise is in winter , it 's no problem for rice but if the mean temperature rises beyond 28 to 30 degrees Celsius during summer , that is not suitable for rice .
This however can be adapted by deferring the flowering stage of rice . ”
Dr Hussain identifies concentration of mists near coastal regions as a factor contributing to more insect infestation and diseases .
He thinks waning flow of fresh water from the upstream is also inviting intrusion of salty seawater further inwards .
BR - 10 , 41 , 42 and 47 -- the rice varieties developed by Bangladesh Rice Research Institute ( BRRI ) -- Hussain says made some breakthroughs in “ our fight against salinity in the agriculture frontier . ”
Dr Zeba I Seraj , who teaches biochemistry at Dhaka University and has been engaged in rice breeding science for years , says they 're almost at the doorstep of infusing salinity tolerant genes into the country 's best performing aman variety -- BR - 11 .
She noted that changes in climate are evident from more frequent and severe storms that have been stalking the region in recent years .
“ This year we experienced very late monsoon .
Inundation and salinity are on the rise . ”
Zeba said , “ Like Vietnam , Bangladesh can go for mangrove plantation .
This will help us combat salinity and erosion in the coastal belt . ”
Aman season is shifting from June up to September because of very late monsoon , she said .
“ Delayed aman delays boro , thereby disturbing the usual photosynthesis cycle .
As a result , more grains get sterile . ”
Too much rain in too short period is of no use , it enhances farmers ' cost on supplementary irrigation for the otherwise rain - fed aman fields , Prof Zeba pointed out .
Due to monsoon - induced season shift , boro suffered sterility problem last season , and that 's why many farmers are switching to BR - 28 this year from BR - 29 .
Because of its longer duration , BR - 29 is more likely to get exposed to hot weather .
BR - 28 is less productive than BR - 29 but can be reaped before temperature rises beyond 30 degree Celsius .
Dr M A Mazid heads one of the eight hubs of the International Rice Research Institute 's flagship programme -- Cereal Systems Initiative for South Asia ( CSISA ) .
Mazid says as rains come late aman seedlings get old in the seedbeds and become less productive when ultimately transplanted in the field late in the season .
Mazid , who steered BRRI 's Rangpur Station for many years and saw from a close range farmers ' ability to adjust with changed circumstances , says the short - duration aman rice varieties hold the prospect of farmers ' growing boro in time and avoid the risk of crop getting sunburnt in hot May weather .
Food Minister Abdur Razzaque reckons climate change has too much impact on the country 's food security .
Given the volatility of international rice market , both in terms of output fluctuations and price instability , import and aid - dependence are not options that Bangladesh considers for ensuring its food security , he says .
“ We 've to face the challenges of climate change through various coping mechanisms and guarantee autarky in food . ”
M. Alonso / Sherdog.com
Is there room inside the Octagon for more than one Machida ?
UFC light heavyweight champion Lyoto Machida believes so .
Shinzo Machida may lack his younger brother ’s mixed martial arts credentials , but he remains the only Brazilian to finish as high as second in the World Shotokan Karate Championships , having done so in Japan back in 2006 .
The 32 - year - old , still the number one Shotokan fighter in Brazil , has won countless South American , Brazilian and Pan American competitions .
Shinzo also has two MMA appearances under his belt , both under the Jungle Fight banner , but has not competed since he submitted to a Bryan Rafiq guillotine choke nearly four years ago .
With an aggressive style that impressed Amazon fans who witnessed his MMA fights , he has designs on a return .
“ Actually , I just fought MMA to test myself , because Lyoto was already doing it , but in 2010 , fighting in MMA will be one of my goals , ” Shinzo said .
“ I think the 70 - kilogram ( 155 pounds ) class will be a nice category for me .
” Shinzo indicated that his managers , Eddie and Jorge Guimaraes , were already putting out feelers in the MMA world .
“ It can be the WEC , UFC … let ’s see , ” the Brazilian jiu - jitsu brown belt said .
Perhaps better known as his younger brother ’s lead trainer , Shinzo figures to be anchored in Lyoto ’s corner when he meets Mauricio “ Shogun ” Rua in their anticipated rematch in May .
He credited Shogun for his performance at UFC 104 , where he dropped a controversial unanimous decision to the light heavyweight champion .
“ Shogun really used a nice strategy to neutralize my brother ’s moves , but Lyoto looked for the knockout all the time , so I think the result was pretty fair , ” Shinzo said .
“ Lyoto clearly won rounds one , two and three .
I would score the fourth round even , and Shogun won the fifth round .
But Shogun never tried to finish the fight .
” In wake of the victory , while Lyoto recovered from hand surgery , Shinzo , his father and his other brother , Take , went to work , studying the tape and devising a new strategy for the rematch .
“ We already made many notes in a paper notebook in a couple of meetings we had right after the fight , ” Shinzo said .
“ We know we made mistakes and need to improve .
We will bring new things for the second fight .
Our main goal is always to hit and to avoid getting hit .
That ’s the essence of Japanese martial arts , and we will train hard for Lyoto to reach that goal and keep his belt . ”
Using only a couple of knives , a handful of scalpels and some special waxes , young Mark Evans turns pieces of leather into unique works of art .
All Mark Evans needs to create art out of cow hide is a knife , time and inspiration .
Days , sometimes weeks , even months go by until his work is completed , but after all the etching and carving , a masterpiece is revealed .
As if he he ’s painting with a blade , mark is able to create mindblowing tonal pieces .
It all started when he was just seven years old , growing up in the Welsh Mountains .
His grandfather gave him a knife and he began carving shapes in tree bark .
Later he studied fine art , in London , and although he worked with more conventional materials , he could never get over his passion for playing with knives
Have a look at some of his most important leather paintings and also check out his official site .
Photos via Buzz Beast
Widespread U S School Abuse and Fatalities
Dangerous Use of Seclusion and Restraints in Schools Remains Widespread and Difficult to Remedy : A Review of Ten Cases
Prepared by : Tom Harkin , former Department Chairman , United States Senate Health , Education , Labor and Pensions Committee , 2014 GAO
STATE ACTORS BEATING CHILDREN : A CALL FOR JUDICIAL RELIEF
Prepared by : Professor of Law , Deana Pollard Sacks , 2009
SECLUSIONS AND RESTRAINTS
Selected Cases of Death and Abuse at Public and Private Schools and Treatment Centers ,
Prepared by : Gregory D. Kutz , Managing Director Forensic Audits and Special Investigations , 2009 GAO
A Violent Education : Corporal Punishment of Children in US Public Schools ,
Prepared by : Alice Farmer , 2008 ACLU Report
The US government is empowered to significantly decrease " legalized assault and battery " committed by educators against school age sons and daughters left in their care , Â when they employ the US Constitution .
Primary targets to face this ill - treatment are sons and daughters of color , low - income , and having " special " needs .
A mishandled child is subject to being " left behind " !
Why are school authorities sanctioned to commit " assault and battery " against school age sons and daughters ... as long as the offense occurs on US school property -- public , private and charter ?
Simon the Snail , by Shari Bitterman , is a story that demonstrates the use of skills and " heart " which encourage unconditional " belongingness " of family members to one another .
Click image to find free stuff !
Veteran video game writer Susan O'Connor believes that there 's a lot of room to improve the writing in games -- and she would know ; she 's been involved in many of the top projects in the industry , from both commercial success and narrative quality standpoints .
Epic's Gears of War takes ( some perhaps deserved ) dings for its storytelling , but Ubisoft Montreal 's Far Cry 2 , on the other hand , was experimental and deeply considered from a narrative standpoint -- and O'Connor worked on both games , as well as titles like 2 K Boston / Australia 's BioShock , which she won a Game Developers Choice Awards for co-writing in 2008 .
In this interview with O'Connor , Gamasutra had a chance to discuss not just the intricacies of what game narrative is capable of , but exactly how development studios should handle working with a writer .
What is the best possible process for delivering story that enhances the gameplay experience rather than simply interrupting it ?
The following in - depth discussion considers both narrative " tricks " to engage the player , alongside the philosophy and craft of storytelling .
It 's intended to help spark some discussion of precisely what games and developers can , should , and will be doing in the future with regard to game narrative .
How did you get into games writing originally ?
Susan O'Connor : Well , it was really through the back door .
When I started I knew that I wanted to be -- the goal was -- to get a job being paid to be a writer .
I knew from the age of four that I wanted to be a writer .
Then I was like , " I do n't understand how writers get paid .
I can't connect the dots here . "
It was really confusing to me .
So , I started talking to people in all different areas and tried to decide if should relocate to Los Angeles or New York .
What kind of writing ?
Playwriting ?
Do I want to do screenwriting ?
Television ?
Do I want to write haiku ?
Do I want to write crap like on the back of cereal boxes ?
It was like everything was on the table .
Then , I met somebody who worked at a studio here in [ Austin ] who made kids ' games .
At the time , just coincidentally , they were making a slumber party game for girls .
There are these four little girl avatars that were on screen jibber - jabbering the whole time .
So , they had this immense need for writing , which they never did for kids ' games .
I was qualified because , A , I 'm a girl , B , I 'd been to slumber parties .
I was an expert in this area .
So , that 's how I got started .
There was so much work that needed to be done that they hired me on .
I was like a writer / producer .
I did that for a few years .
We 're talking six to eight month production cycles , really for kiddos , really simple stuff .
But it was great because it was a chance to make a lot of mistakes without a lot of people noticing .
Kids are a very forgiving audience .
You can screw up , and they do n't get on the internet and go berserk [ laughs ] , not when they 're five .
It was really good .
None of us had any experience making games .
All the designers had architecture degrees .
I had an art history and English degree .
Nobody knew anything .
We were all just a bunch of doofuses .
There were experienced people at the time who worked in games , but we certainly were n't any of them .
So , it was really fun .
It felt like college again , just sort of banging around and making a mess and learning some things and kind of getting some things done .
[ laughs ]
They 're not award winning stuff , but in a way it was some of the best times I 've had in games because it was really fun .
I liked that .
Anyway , that is how I got started .
Gears of War
Obviously all games have text in them , but there is still a sort of lag on the importance of having a dedicated writer in games , as a role .
How do you get studios to take it seriously ?
SO : Well , I think that it 's tricky .
In a way the pressure is on the writer to articulate what it is that they do .
In a way one , of the problems can be that you treat it like a black art .
I 'm just going to go into a room and shut the door .
Six months later I 'm going to open the door and , " Wham !
Check it out !
Here is a story . "
I think that it really helps if you can talk to people who are n't writers about the writing process in a way that not only do they understand , but it interests them .
That is , I think , a huge barrier to appreciating it .
It 's really analogous to design .
It also sort of gets pulled out of the ether , but there are enough designers in this industry that there is an acknowledgement that that is a craft worth practicing .
There are not many writers in the industry , so we do n't get that sense of legitimacy .
You can look around and say , " Well , there are 47 million designers .
There must be something to this design stuff . "
It 's not just that you are making up stuff .
There is actually a methodology .
There is one for writing , as well .
It 's a bit softer than design .
You 're trying to work more on the right side of the brain than the left , but I think it really helps if you can work with teams and help every step of the way articulating what it is that you do and how it can help them .
How you can take what they 're doing and run it through this writing prism .
Usually , what tends to happen is that at the end of games , they say , " Gosh , we wish we 'd hired writers sooner . "
Yes !
That is correct !
But that is starting to get better .
The game I just finished , I came on at the last minute , which is rough .
But the game I am about to start , I am coming on at the very beginning .
So , that is really starting to change .
I guess your question was , " How do you make that transition ? "
I think that anyone who writes anything good helps other people .
It just helps me as a writer if someone else writes a great game .
Look , they did it .
How did they do it ?
Well , they spent a long time on that project .
Valve 's got a great process .
They run through it .
They iterate like crazy on stuff .
They throw stuff away when it does n't work .
They find ways to rapidly prototype .
I think everything else in games gets iterated a gazillion bazillion times .
When I look at these poor level designers and how much of their work gets thrown away , it 's heartbreaking .
But , it 's what you have to do to get a piece of art finished .
It 's the same with writing .
Once people make that connection , " Oh , good stuff takes time .
If I want the writing to be good , I 'll have to invest some time in it . "
cryptogon.com news – analysis – conspiracies
November 3rd , 2009
So it goes …
Via : Scoop :
PAUL Yeah but the truth is , under the Criminal Proceeds Act , the Police can take your property if they suspect you ’re dodgy .
JUDITH
But you ’ve got the right to get it back , you ’ve got the right to claim it , and the Police …
PAUL
Yeah but then you ’ve got a whole matter of procedure to go through because the cops have decided they suspect you got the property criminally .
JUDITH
Well actually Police would lose all credibility if they went round doing that unnecessarily .
They ’ve got a lot of leads , they know exactly who they ’re after , and they will be after them .
PAUL Search and Surveillance Bill – new powers for all enforcement officers , like Meat Board Inspectors , like the Overseas Investment Office , like the Civil Aviation Inspector , like the Pork Industry Board Inspector , like the Reserve Bank Inspector , the Dog Control Officer .
When it comes to surveillance all of those people have the same powers now as the Police ?
JUDITH
It really is a terrible sounding list is n’t it Paul , and what is even more terrible is to know that those powers are already in legislation but they ’re interested in a whole lot of different legislation , this bill has come in because of the work of the Law Commission looking at all the various powers and trying to put some rules around them .
PAUL
The powers are extended .
Look there ’s two and a bit pages , I ’ll read you a few .
Agricultural Compounds and Veterinary Medicines Inspector – Animal Products Inspector – Animal Welfare Inspector – Antarctic Marine Living Resources Inspector – Children Young Persons and their Families Inspector – the Extradition Act Inspector – Marine Mammals Protection Inspector .
All of these people have the power to come into your premises , to command your IT provider to provide them with all their computer records , to detain you , to use reasonable force , to rub you down , pat you , search you – the Pork Industry Board Inspector .
JUDITH
That sounds terrible does n’t it ?
That ’s one of the reasons why the Select Committee has actually said they ’re not reporting back until May , they want to go through the whole bill and make sure they ’ve got everything sorted out , but the Law Commission is very firm that these are existing powers but they often do n’t have proper regulations around them .
Look I ’m like any other New Zealander , I want to know why would the Port Industry Inspector have those sorts of powers just like everyone else , and that ’s why we ’re certainly looking at them .
PAUL
But at the moment what ’s proposed in the bill , is that any of those people can break in premises , and to search everything , detain , use reasonable force , conduct a rub down search and command your IT provider to surrender your computer records , that ’s what ’s been proposed in the bill .
JUDITH
Well that ’s what ’s all being looked at now , and I think that ’s one of the reasons the Select Committee is taking extra time to look at it , is to make sure that there ’s nothing in there that should n’t be there , and also to deal with any concerns people have .
HNIC 's senior online reporter Tim Wharnsby dishes out the latest news , buzz and inside information in the hockey world .
Flyers captain Mike Richards has been stung by suggestions that he and some of his teammates party too much .
( ( Victor Decolongon / Getty Images ) )
1. Captain Richards and Philly reporters at odds , again
There appeared to be a thawing period between Flyers captain Mike Richards and the team 's beat reporters until he gave a recent interview with The Hockey News .
After stating in the article that rumours in Philadelphia start flying when you 're losing , Richards was asked after the Flyers ' 5 - 3 loss to the Washington Capitals on Sunday to clarify his remarks .
" The drinking articles and things like that , " he said .
" That the players were drinking too much , that Richards and [ Jeff ] Carter were out all the time . "
Richards was n't happy that he had to revisit the rumours and innuendo that surfaced earlier this year , resulting in several weeks in which Richards did not talk to reporters .
Last summer , Flyers general manager Paul Holmgren admitted in an interview that concerns were raised by the coaching staff about the lifestyles of the younger group of players that lived in downtown Philadelphia .
Earlier this season , in an interview with ex-Flyer Joffrey Lupul , who was traded to Anaheim in the Chris Pronger deal , Lupul was asked if he thought his trade , and Scottie Upshall being moved to the Phoenix Coyotes , were tied to the nightlife concerns .
" Sure , we went out a lot for dinner and stuff , and although we all are young guys — Richards , Carter , all of us — we still knew how to handle ourselves in a professional manner , " Lupul said .
2. Patrice Bergeron may return Monday
Martin Luther King Day in the United States means two afternoon games .
The Ottawa Senators visit the Boston Bruins in one affair and the New York Islanders play host to the New Jersey Devils in the other .
The Bruins hope to have centre Patrice Bergeron back from his broken thumb , an injury that occurred exactly two weeks ago .
The Senators will likely have defenceman Filip Kuba back from his upper - body injury , and there 's talk that Jason Spezza could return from his knee injury later this week .
3 . Are Joe Louis Arena 's days numbered ?
Detroit Red Wings general manager Ken Holland says his team will be playing out of Joe Louis Arena next season , but a Detroit News report claims that the team has engaged in talks with the Palace of Auburn Hills , home of the NBA 's Detroit Pistons .
The story reports that the Red Wings ' lease with Joe Louis Arena ends after this season .
There also was a suggestion that the hockey team may look at playing at Ford Field , where the NCAA ’s Frozen Four will be held in this spring .
4 . World junior hero looks good in the NHL
John Carlson , the teenager who scored the overtime winner in the world junior gold medal final thriller earlier this month , was in the Washington Capitals ' lineup on Friday against Toronto and played again on Sunday against Philadelphia .
Carlson was a combined plus - 4 in the two Capitals victories , but is slated to be returned to the Hershey Bears of the AHL in order to participate in the league ’s all - star game on Tuesday in Portland , Maine .
5. Bodie scores his first
It was n't exactly highlight - reel material — the puck bounced off his skate — but Anaheim Ducks rookie Troy Bodie scored his first NHL goal in his team ’s 5 - 4 come - from - behind win against the Calgary Flames on Sunday .
" Usually in the American League , you can tell someone that you went end to end and buried it , " the rugged forward said with a laugh .
" You can't get away with that in this league .
They 've got video evidence . "
The native of Portage La Prairie , Man. , who turns 25 on Jan. 25 , was playing in his 15th career NHL game .
Unlock Synthesia for only $ 40 $ 29 Play all the included songs and any other song you can find or create .
Buy Now
Get your unlock key in about 90 seconds !
Lost your unlock key ?
Retrieve it
Purchase an unlock key , learn how to play any song
All 150 included songs are available immediately and Synthesia can help you practice any MIDI song you can find or create .
As a bonus when purchasing directly from our website , your unlock key can also be used in the promo code box at the Music Store for a $ 3 credit .
That 's enough for one or two of your favorite songs !
How long does it last ?
Buy once , play forever !
Synthesia is NOT a subscription .
All future updates are included with your one - time purchase at no additional charge .
With dozens of major updates over more than a decade , rest easy knowing your purchase will continue to be supported for years to come .
Where will my purchase work ?
Buy from this website :
Use on all your PC , Mac , and Android devices .
: Use on all your PC , Mac , and Android devices .
Buy inside the iPad app : Use on all iPads connected to the same iTunes account .
: Use on all iPads connected to the same iTunes account .
Buy inside the Android app : Use on all Android devices logged into the same Google Play account .
We wish the website unlock worked on the iPad too , but Apple has a rule that forces it to be a separate purchase .
Unfortunately , neither Apple 's " Family Sharing " nor Google 's " Family Library " features work with in - app purchases .
For the iPad , you can temporarily sign into your family member 's tablet and " Restore Purchase " .
For Android , an unlock key purchased from this website will work on all your family member 's devices .
Because of all the limitations on in - app purchases , their purchase price is a little lower than an unlock key from this website .
Try it Free
Choose any song in Synthesia 's list with an open padlock icon to try everything totally free , right now .
Of the 150 + songs included with Synthesia , more than 20 of them are available to experience everything Synthesia has to offer .
If you do n't have Synthesia yet , download it right away .
Synthesia in the Classroom
Get group keys with volume discounts .
Synthesia is licensed on a per-seat basis to educational organizations like classrooms and private studios .
Be sure to pick " Educational Organization " on the ordering page .
Any volume discount you 're eligible for is applied automatically .
Classroom keys start at the same price as personal home - use keys , and eventually become even cheaper with the volume discount .
If you 'll be using Synthesia in your classroom , we have a Classroom Guide to help you get things up and running in a networked environment .
Wajeha Al - Huwaider : A Feminist in Saudi Arabia
A while ago I stumbled upon a blog post from the blog " Sand Gets In My Eyes " about Wajeha Al - Huwaider , a feminist in Saudi Arabia .
( In fact the blog itself is pretty cool .
It 's written by an American journalist and mother who lives in Saudi Arabia .
Anyway , though , back to Ms. Huwaider )
Needless to say , I was curious .
I read through the post , and I was rather impressed .
This woman wrote about issues that everyone was aware of , but no one bothered to clarify .
And she wrote well , with blatant honesty and cutting sarcasm that I immediately fell in love with .
She 's made several statements on Arab and Saudi men and women , and in most of her statements she defends Islam , implying that the patriarchy in the Arab and Muslim world is not a product of the religious doctrine itself , but of patriarchal and fundamentalist interpretations of it .
Now , I like that .
I 'm not a Muslim , myself , but I have grown up in a Muslim family and live a Muslim country .
I 'm not saying it 's the most feminist religion out there , but there is plenty of room for a more feminist interpretation of it .
There were also a few pieces by her that I really liked , mostly portrayals of the ridiculous contradictions in the Arab world today , especially in the Gulf Countries .
One is called " This is not a Western Conspiracy . "
The blog post about her begins by saying that Huwaider is a rare woman in Saudi Arabia .
I think that 's key .
What we need here in the Middle East is more women like Huwaider , who are n't afraid to speak their mind about the ridiculous things going on around them .
Women who are n't afraid to question the things that have been stuffed down their throats in the name of Religion .
To my knowledge , Huwaider has been deported and lives in Oman , based on the scathing articles she 's published in newspapers .
This , I figure , should n't be too discouraging .
With the internet , staying anonymous is n't a problem , and the more women speaking out , the less patriarchal governments can do about it , and the more they 'll be pushed to take some actual , progressive action .
The only thing I do n't like about Huwaider is her sweeping generalizations about Arab men .
Sure , some of them are completely hopeless , but calling them all ungrateful bastards is pretty unfair , and is bound to give people more reason to call her a ' man - hater ' .
Anyway , my perspective is that of a young girl in the Middle - East .
What do all of you think ?
How does this fit in with your usual impression of Saudi Arabia , and of the Arab world as a whole ?
Citation : Carroll SB ( 2005 ) Evolution at Two Levels : On Genes and Form. PLoS Biol 3 ( 7 ) : e245 .
https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pbio.0030245
Published : July 12 , 2005 Copyright : © 2005 Sean B. Carroll .
This is an open - access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License , which permits unrestricted use , distribution , and reproduction in any medium , provided the original work is properly cited .
Abbreviations : MC1R , melanocortin - 1 receptor ; Ubx , Ultrabithorax
This article is based on the Allan Wilson Memorial Lectures given at the University of California at Berkeley in October 2004 .
In their classic paper “ Evolution at Two Levels in Humans and Chimpanzees , ” published exactly 30 years ago , Mary - Claire King and Allan Wilson described the great similarity between many proteins of chimpanzees and humans [ 1 ] .
They concluded that the small degree of molecular divergence observed could not account for the anatomical or behavioral differences between chimps and humans .
Rather , they proposed that evolutionary changes in anatomy and way of life are more often based on changes in the mechanisms controlling the expression of genes than on sequence changes in proteins .
This article was a milestone in three respects .
First , because it was the first comparison of a large set of proteins between closely related species , it may be considered one of the first contributions to “ comparative genomics ” ( although no such discipline existed for another two decades ) .
Second , because it extrapolated from molecular data to make inferences about the evolution of form , it may also be considered a pioneering study in evolutionary developmental biology .
And third , its focus on the question of human evolution and human capabilities , relative to our closest living relative , marked the beginning of the quest to understand the genetic basis of the origins of human traits .
Like much of Wilson and his colleagues ' body of work , this contribution had a great influence on paleoanthropologists as well as molecular biologists .
The 30th anniversary of this landmark article arrives at a moment when comparative genomics , evolutionary developmental biology , and evolutionary genetics are pouring forth unprecedented amounts of new data , and the entire chimpanzee genome is available for study .
It is therefore an opportune time to examine what has been and is being revealed about the relationship between evolution at the two levels of molecules and organisms , and to assess the status of King and Wilson 's hypothesis concerning the predominant role of regulatory mutations in organismal evolution .
King and Wilson used the phrase “ ways of life ” to include both physiology and behavior ( M.- C. King , personal communication ) and proposed that the evolution of both anatomy and ways of life was governed by regulatory changes in the expression of genes .
From the outset of this review , I make the sharp distinction between the evolution of anatomy and the evolution of physiology .
Changing the size , shape , number , or color patterns of physical traits is fundamentally different from changing the chemistry of physiological processes .
There is ample evidence from studies of the evolution of proteins directly involved in animal vision [ 2 ] , respiration [ 3 ] , digestive metabolism [ 4 ] , and host defense [ 5 ] that the evolution of coding sequences plays a key role in some ( but not all ) important physiological differences between species .
In contrast , the relative contribution of coding or regulatory sequence evolution to the evolution of anatomy stands as the more open question , and will be my primary focus .
The amount of direct evidence currently in hand is modest , and includes examples of both the evolution of coding and of non-coding , regulatory sequences contributing to morphological evolution .
However , I will develop the argument , on the basis of theoretical considerations and a rapidly expanding body of empirical studies , that regulatory sequence evolution must be the major contributor to the evolution of form .
This conclusion poses particular challenges to comparative genomics .
While we are often able to infer coding sequence function from primary sequences , we are generally unable to decipher functional properties from mere inspection of non-coding sequences .
This has led to a bias in comparative genomics and evolutionary genetics toward the analysis and reporting of readily detectable events in coding regions , such as gene duplications and protein sequence evolution , while non-coding , regulatory sequences are often ignored .
However , approximately two - thirds of all sequences under purifying selection in our genome are non-coding [ 6 ] .
One consequence of the underconsideration of non-coding , regulatory sequences is unrealistic expectations about what can currently be learned about the genetic bases of morphological diversity from comparisons of genome sequences alone .
The visible diversity of any group is not reflected by the most visible components of gene diversity — that is , the diversity of gene number or of coding sequences .
In order to understand the evolution of anatomy , we have to study and understand regulatory sequences , as well as the proteins that connect them into the regulatory circuits that govern development .
I will begin with some historical and theoretical considerations about regulatory and coding sequence evolution , then delve into the insights offered by specific experimental models of anatomical evolution , and finally , I will revisit King and Wilson 's original focus and discuss how our emerging knowledge of the evolution of form bears on current efforts to understand human evolution .
A Brief History of Regulatory Thinking Almost 50 years ago , as the first sequences of various proteins from different species were determined , the potential significance of macromolecules for understanding evolutionary processes was quickly recognized [ 7 ] .
The great similarity among homologous proteins of different species was noted early [ 8 ] and raised the question to what degree such sequence changes were functionally significant [ 9 ] .
With the advent of the operon model of gene regulation [ 10 ] , some biologists such as Emile Zuckerkandl began to consider the possible role of “ controller genes ” in evolution , including in the origin of humans from ape ancestors [ 11 ] .
One of the most widely noted series of theoretical contributions in this period was Roy Britten and Eric Davidson 's models for gene regulation in higher organisms , which had an explicit emphasis on the importance of gene regulation in evolution [ 12,13 ] .
The most influential single publication of this era , however , was Susumu Ohno 's book Evolution by Gene Duplication [ 14 ] .
Ohno focused on the importance of gene redundancy in allowing “ forbidden ” mutations to occur that could impart new functions to proteins .
His opening motto , “ natural selection merely modified , while redundancy created , ” reflected a view of natural selection as a largely purifying , conservative process .
Ohno insisted that “ allelic mutations of already existing gene loci cannot account for major changes in evolution . ”
He proposed that the duplication of regulatory genes and their control regions must have contributed greatly to the evolution of vertebrates .
But the book focused exclusively on the evolution of new proteins and did not consider the creative potential of non-coding , regulatory sequences in evolutionary diversification ( see [ 15 ] ) .
It was against this backdrop that Allan Wilson and his colleagues began a series of investigations into the relationship between chromosomal evolution , protein evolution , and anatomical evolution in birds [ 16 ] , mammals [ 17 ] , frogs [ 18 ] , and apes [ 1 ] .
In each of four studies , the discrepancy between the evolution of proteins and the evolution of anatomy led to the conclusion that evolutionary changes in “ regulatory systems ” were responsible for the evolution of anatomy .
Francois Jacob similarly suggested that divergence and specialization result from mutations altering “ regulatory circuits ” rather than chemical structures [ 19 ] .
The relative contributions of different mechanisms to the evolution of anatomy depend upon both what is genetically possible , and what is permitted by natural selection .
Before I delve into the data directly concerning the evolution of anatomy , and how well it fulfills King and Wilson 's original expectations , it will be valuable to consider what mechanisms are available and what parameters will govern their utilization in evolution , in light of what we now understand about how genes function in multicellular organisms .
Pleiotropy and the Genetic Architecture of Multicellular Organisms
One critical parameter that affects the relative contribution of different genetic mechanisms to anatomical variation is the pleiotropy of mutations [ 20 ] .
In general , it is expected that mutations with greater pleiotropic effects will have more deleterious effects on organismal fitness and will be a less common source of variation in form than mutations with less widespread effects .
Over the past 30 years , several key features of gene structure , function , and regulation in multicellular organisms have emerged that govern the pleiotropy of mutations and thus shape the capacity of species to generate anatomical variation and to evolve ( see Box 1 ) .
Because of these features , mutations in different genes and different parts of genes ( that is , non-coding and coding sequences ) can differ dramatically in their degree of pleiotropy .
For example , a mutation in the coding region of a transcription factor that functions in multiple tissues may directly affect all of the genes the protein regulates .
In contrast , a mutation in a single cis-regulatory element will affect gene expression only in the domain governed by that element .
Box 1 . Key Genetic Features of Multicellular Organisms Individual regulatory proteins function in many different contexts .
Signaling proteins , their receptors , signal transducers , and most transcription factors are deployed in multiple tissues , organs , or body parts .
The function of each regulatory protein is context - dependent , with different genetic targets and morphogenetic outcomes in different tissues .
The expression of individual genes is regulated by multiple , modular cis-regulatory elements .
The tissue - specific and temporal control of gene expression , particularly of genes encoding the regulatory proteins that shape pattern formation and cell differentiation in animals , is typically governed by arrays of discrete regulatory elements embedded in regions that flank coding regions and lie within introns [ 23 ] .
Many regulatory proteins are members of large families and can overlap in function .
More than 20 % of human genes and a much larger fraction of plant genes belong to families [ 75 ] that are the product of the duplication and evolutionary divergence of ancestral genes .
Multiple protein forms may be encoded by single genetic loci .
Through the use of alternative promoters and RNA splice sites , multiple mRNAs encoding different protein products are often produced from a single locus .
Alternative protein forms ( isoforms ) may function in different contexts and / or possess different activities .
John Gerhart and Marc Kirschner [ 21,22 ] have discussed in depth how certain features of animal genetic regulatory systems influence “ evolvability ” — the capacity to generate tolerable , heritable variation .
For instance , redundancy reduces constraint on change by circumventing or minimizing the potentially deleterious effects of some mutations .
Compartmentation also facilitates change ; by uncoupling variation in one process from variation in another , pleiotropy is decreased .
Several genetic features contribute to redundancy and compartmentation .
For example , gene duplication creates initially redundant paralogs .
Mutations that may have been deleterious in the ancestral gene may be tolerated and allow for the “ exploration ” of new variation , which can occur in coding or regulatory sequences , or both ( Figure 1A ) .
Likewise , the expanded number and diversity of cis-regulatory elements establishes compartmentation by enabling the independent control of gene transcription in different body parts ( Figure 1B ) .
The use of alternative promoters and RNA splice sites also contributes to compartmentation by enabling tissue - or cell - typespecific production of alternative forms of a protein ( Figure 1C ) .
Variation may arise either in regulatory sequences governing promoter use or splice site choice , or in coding sequences of exons .
The three mechanisms gene duplication , regulatory sequence expansion and diversification , and alternative protein isoform expression accomplish essentially the same general result — they increase the sources of variation and minimize the pleiotropy associated with the evolution of coding sequences .
The global question of the genetic basis of the evolution of form then boils down to the relative contribution of gene duplication , regulatory sequence evolution , and the evolution of coding sequences , over evolutionary time .
I will first examine what is known about the role of regulatory sequences and then discuss the contributions of coding sequences and gene duplication to the evolution of anatomy .
PPT PowerPoint slide
PowerPoint slide PNG larger image
larger image TIFF original image Download : Figure 1 . Different Modes of Gene Evolution Increase the Diversity of Gene Function and Minimize Pleiotropy
The function of a progenitor gene with the simple structure of one cis-regulatory element ( red circle ) and a pair of exons ( black rectangles ) can be expanded and diversified in several ways .
( A ) Gene duplication followed by mutations ( asterisks ) in either coding or regulatory sequences of the initially identical paralogs will produce genes that may be expressed in different ways or proteins with distinct functions , while the original function can be maintained .
( B ) An expansion in the number of cis-regulatory elements by any of a number of means ( transposition , rearrangement , duplication , point mutation ) can expand the number of tissues in which the gene is active , but preserves the original function .
( C ) The evolution of a new exon and splicing sites creates the potential for alternative forms of a protein to be made .
Mutations in alternative exons ( asterisks ) need not affect the original function of the protein .
https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pbio.0030245.g001
Regulatory Sequences and the Evolution of Anatomy Over the past decade or so , comparative studies of gene expression in diverse animals and plants , across all taxonomic levels , have revealed a general association between the gain , loss , or modification of morphological traits and changes in gene regulation during development [ 23,24 ] .
Changes in the expression of an individual gene may evolve through alterations in cis-regulatory sequences or in the deployment and activity of the transcription factors that control gene expression , or both .
Progress toward elucidating the mechanisms governing the evolution of specific traits and genes has required the study of models in which genetic and molecular methods enable the identification and dissection of functional differences among populations or species .
The traits and species for which such detailed analysis has been possible include the trichome [ 25 – 27 ] , bristle [ 28 ] , and pigmentation patterns [ 29 ] in fruit flies ; flower coloration [ 30 ] , architecture [ 31 ] , and branch patterns [ 32 ] in plants ; and limb [ 33 ] and axial diversity in vertebrates [ 34 ] .
A handful of studies have genetically demonstrated that evolution at particular loci has affected the gain [ 32 ] , loss [ 26,27,33 ] , or modification of morphological traits [ 25 ] .
These studies — highlighted below — have firmly eliminated coding sequences as a possible cause and thereby implicated regulatory sequence evolution at loci encoding pleiotropic transcription factors .
In a few cases , direct evidence of functional changes in cis-regulatory elements has been obtained [ 34–36 ] .
Fruit flies display all sorts of conspicuous patterns of black pigmentation on their head , thorax , abdomen , and wings .
These patterns are regulated by a variety of well - conserved signaling pathways and transcription factors that control the spatial expression of the enzymes that promote or inhibit the formation of the pigment melanin [ 37 ] .
In Drosophila melanogaster and other members of the genus , structural genes , such as yellow , are regulated by an array of cis-regulatory elements that govern their expression in different body parts , such as the wing and abdomen [ 36 ] and the bristles and larval mouthparts .
This modular arrangement of cis-regulatory elements had suggested that gene expression and pigment patterns evolve independently in different body parts through changes in individual cis-regulatory elements .
Recent studies have demonstrated this to be exactly the case [ 35,36 ] ( Figure 2A ) .
PPT PowerPoint slide
PowerPoint slide PNG larger image
larger image TIFF original image Download : Figure 2 .
The Modular Architecture of the cis-Regulatory Regions of Pleiotropic Genes Enables the Independent Evolution of Gene Expression in Different Body Parts ( A ) Expression of the yellow pigmentation gene of Drosophila is controlled by several different cis-regulatory elements ( red circles ) .
Differences in the activity of selected elements ( wing and wing spot ) underlie differences in pigment patterns between species ( Figure based on [ 35 ] . )
( B ) Similarly , the expression of the Pitx1 gene of vertebrates is inferred to be controlled by multiple elements ( red circles ) .
In pelvic - reduced stickleback fish , Pitx1 expression is absent from the pelvic region .
This is proposed to occur through of a selective loss of activity of the hindlimb regulatory element ( cross through the red circle ) ( Figure based on [ 33 ] . )
https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pbio.0030245.g002
There are several salient general features of the evolution of pigment patterns in fruit flies .
Many or all of the structural genes involved are pleiotropic ; they have roles in multiple parts of the body and in other physiological processes ( for example , neurotransmitter synthesis and behavior ) .
Furthermore , they are regulated , at least in part , by widely deployed , highly conserved pleiotropic regulatory proteins , some of which are themselves regulated by deeply conserved and evolutionarily stable global regulators of body pattern formation [ 29 ] .
Thus , while the coding sequences of the structural and regulatory proteins are constrained by pleiotropy , modular cis-regulatory regions enable a great diversity of patterns to arise from alterations in regulatory circuits through the evolution of novel combinations of sites for regulatory proteins in cis-regulatory elements [ 35 ] .
This diversity is produced by the sort of “ tinkering ” with existing components envisaged by Jacob [ 19 ] .
Is what is true of coloration , true of more complex traits ?
It is possible that because body color patterns are so critical to organismal adaptation , the genetic systems that affect them might be more flexible than those governing more complex traits such as body organization , appendage formation , and other , more slowly evolving characters .
The available evidence suggests , however , that the diversification of other traits that are governed by highly pleiotropic and well - conserved proteins can also be accounted for by regulatory sequence evolution .
For example , shifts in the rostrocaudal boundaries of Hox gene expression are associated with large - scale differences in axial patterning in vertebrates , arthropods , and annelids [ 24 ] .
In one case , the Hoxc8 gene of the chicken and mouse , differences in the function of one cis-regulatory element have been demonstrated to govern differences in gene expression boundaries in the neural tube and paraxial mesoderm [ 34 ] .
While such differences in axial morphology are thought to evolve slowly and relatively infrequently , some features of the vertebrate skeleton , such as the pelvic skeleton of stickleback fish , evolve rapidly [ 38 ] and repeatedly [ 33 ] .
Reduction of the pelvic fin , the homolog of the tetrapod hindlimb , is due to changes at the Pitx1 locus [ 33 ] .
The Pitx1 protein is a pleiotropic transcription factor that affects the development of multiple tissues in fish and mice , including the hindlimb .
Pelvic - reduced sticklebacks have lost Pitx1 expression in pelvic fin precursors , but possess a perfectly intact Pitx1 coding region with no sequence changes relative to populations with fully formed pelvic structures .
The only explanation consistent with these observations is that regulatory mutations in a cis-element governing expression in the pelvic fin precursors has selectively abolished Pitx1 expression in this one part of the developing animal , while gene expression elsewhere is not affected ( Figure 2B ) .
The crucial insight from the evolution of Pitx1 , yellow , and Hoxc8 is that regulatory mutations provide a mechanism for change in one trait while preserving the role of pleiotropic genes in other processes .
This is perhaps the most important , most fundamental insight from evolutionary developmental biology .
While functional mutations in a coding region are usually poorly tolerated and eliminated by purifying selection , even complete loss - of - function mutations in regulatory elements are possible because the compartmentation created by the modularity of cis-regulatory elements limits the effects of mutations to individual body parts .
Does this mean that coding sequences cannot contribute to morphological evolution ?
Not at all .
There are several clear examples of functional sequence changes in proteins that affect form , and I will highlight them next .
The key questions to keep in mind are , how often and under what circumstances do coding sequences of regulatory molecules functionally evolve ?
Coding Sequences and the Evolution of Anatomy
The body plans of arthropods and tetrapods have evolved around the use of a fairly stable complement of Hox genes in each phylum [ 24,39 ] .
The stability of Hox gene number , and the conservation of Hox ortholog sequences and function , led to the initial impression that Hox proteins have not significantly diverged in function .
However , it is now understood that several arthropod
Hox proteins have changed in ways that are associated with shifts in form or developmental mechanisms , including the Hox3 , Fushi tarazu , Ultrabithorax ( Ubx ) , and Antennapedia [ 40 ] proteins .
In the case of Hox3 and Fushi tarazu , Hox - type function has been lost in particular lineages while new functions have been gained .
The Fushi tarazu protein of certain insects lost sequence motifs involved in Hox functions , and gained a motif for a new activity involved in segmentation [ 41,42 ] .
Similarly , the Hox3 protein lost Hox function in insects and gained a novel dorsoventral axis patterning function .
It subsequently underwent a duplication that produced two divergent genes involved in early patterning of the two body axes in one clade of flies [ 43 – 45 ] .
In the Ubx protein , functional motifs evolved while the protein retained Hox function .
Comparative and functional studies have shown that the carboxy terminus of the Ubx protein was extended in the crustacean lineage and serves as an activity - modulating domain [ 46 ] .
In the insect lineage , this domain was replaced by a short glutamine / alanine - rich motif that has been well preserved throughout the course of more than 300 million years of insect evolution [ 47 ] .
These arthropod
Hox proteins demonstrate that some of the most conserved proteins can , under certain circumstances , evolve new and different activities .
In these examples , selection against coding changes might have been relaxed because of functional redundancy among Hox paralogs .
However , these events are , in the long span of the history of these lineages , rare relative to the extensive diversification of body forms .
It must also be stressed that both ftz and Hox3 ( and its derivatives zen and bcd ) acquired entirely novel regulatory elements that governed their expression in new domains and patterns .
Furthermore , Ubx regulation has been extensively diversified among arthropods [ 24 ] , including within the insects [ 48 –50 ] .
Thus , even in the infrequent instances of overt coding sequence evolution in regulatory proteins , regulatory sequence evolution is a critical component of functional evolution , and further diversification of gene function .
Are there more common and rapid means of evolving morphological diversity via coding mutations ?
Definitely .
One prominent example is the melanocortin - 1 receptor ( MC1R ) , which modulates the quantity and type of melanin synthesis in melanocytes .
Mutations in the MC1R gene are associated with scale , fur , or plumage color variation and divergence in a wide range of species [ 51 ] .
The ecological significance of alternative phenotypes suggests that the MC1R gene has evolved under natural and sexual selection .
The clear - cut case of MC1R evolution raises the question , why is coding sequence evolution so prevalent in the diversification of vertebrate pigmentation , while the evolution of gene regulation plays a central role in flower and fruit fly pigmentation ?
There may be particular properties of MC1R that have enabled it to play this starring role .
MC1R is a member of a family of five related receptors and is the only member involved in pigment synthesis regulation [ 52 ] .
Thus , the structural and regulatory diversification of this receptor family ( that is , the evolution of MC1R expression in melanocytes ) has produced a protein that has a much greater degree of evolutionary freedom than more pleiotropic receptors .
It should be noted that MC1R coding mutations result in body - wide effects on pigmentation , and do not create or alter spots , stripes , or other patterns .
The evolution of spatial patterns of pigmentation in vertebrates is still likely to involve regulatory evolution in the expression of pigmentation proteins , or regulators of receptor activity [ 53 ] , via mechanisms similar to those underlying the evolution of insect color patterns .
The widespread involvement of MC1R coding variation in the visible diversity of vertebrates may then be a relatively special case , enabled by the dedication of MC1R to pigmentation and its minimal pleiotropy .
It would be expected that other , more pleiotropic proteins would be constrained in their sequence variation and , hence , their contribution to morphological variation .
However , it has recently been shown that morphological variation in dog breeds is associated with variation in the length of repeated amino acid sequences in the coding regions of a variety of developmentally important transcription factors [ 54 ] .
These repeats are encoded by microsatellite sequences that expand or contract at very high rates , and spontaneous or induced mutations of these sites affect visible traits .
The extraordinary variation in repeat lengths , and their potential effects on morphology , raises the possibility that these repeats are a source of variation in natural populations .
However , this variation may have accompanying deleterious , pleiotropic effects that , while manageable under domestication , would limit its contribution to evolution under natural selection .
Gene Duplication and the Evolution of Anatomy
The history of Hox genes and the MC1R gene reflects that one condition contributing to the potential evolution of coding sequences is the generation of new genes by duplication .
Ever since Ohno [ 14 ] , and indeed well before [ 55 ] , there has been widespread belief and expectation that gene duplication has been a major driving force in evolution .
Empirical evidence suggests , however , that while gene duplication has contributed to the evolution of form , the frequency of duplication events is not at all sufficient to account for the continuous diversification of lineages .
This conclusion is based primarily upon two sets of observations .
First , the estimated rate of gene duplication is about once per gene per 100 million years [ 56 ] .
This figure suggests that gene duplication can contribute to genome evolution over longer spans of evolutionary time ( for example , greater than 50 million years ) , but this rate is not sufficient to account for variation in populations ( for example , quantitative trait differences ) or for divergence among related species such as the 300,000 known species of beetles , or 10,000 species of birds .
Second , the relative infrequency of gene duplication is documented by the actual histories of key developmental regulatory gene families .
For example , while it is very clear that during the early evolution of animals , there was an expansion in the number of Hox genes , and that during the early evolution of the vertebrates , there was an expansion in the number of Hox gene clusters , the number and diversity of Hox genes in highly diversified phyla , such as the arthropods and tetrapods , appears to have remained fairly stable for very long periods ( perhaps approximately 500 million years ) .
Other gene families , such as the Wnt family of signaling ligands , also exhibit deep ancestral complexity .
Of 12 Wnt subfamilies known in vertebrates , 11 have been identified in a cnidarian [ 57 ] .
Such deep ancestral complexity is much greater than would be expected under the hypothesis that diversity evolves primarily through the evolution of new genes [ 39,58 ] .
Similarly , despite widespread speculation that the human genome would contain many more genes than other species , it does not , and the great majority of human genes have syntenic orthologs in the mouse [ 6 ] .
Furthermore , the contribution of gene duplication to the evolution of form may be governed primarily by the divergence of the regulation of newly duplicated genes , rather than novel functions acquired by coding mutations .
Both theoretical considerations and empirical data have suggested that the partitioning of the progenitor gene 's functions may occur most often through regulatory mutations , or the partitioning of regulatory sequences in the original duplication event [ 59 ] .
The Relative Contribution of Regulatory and Coding Sequences to Anatomical Evolution
The examples I have described demonstrate that both regulatory sequences and coding regions of the genome can and do contribute to the evolution of form .
The more subjective issue is whether , from the small sample of case studies mentioned here and in the literature , one can make ( and defend ) statements about the relative contribution of regulatory and coding sequence evolution to the evolution of anatomy .
We are , after all , in much better position now to do so than King and Wilson were 30 years ago .
While the agnostic , “ wait and see ” position would appear safer , that would not at all be in keeping with the bold spirit of the pioneers who first wrestled with the question .
Moreover , I argue that a trend is evident , and that that trend should , of course , inform ongoing and future work .
Based upon ( i ) empirical studies of the evolution of traits and of gene regulation in development , ( ii ) the rate of gene duplication and the specific histories of important developmental gene families , ( iii ) the fact that regulatory proteins are the most slowly evolving of all classes of proteins , and ( iv ) theoretical considerations concerning the pleiotropy of mutations , I argue that there is adequate basis to conclude that the evolution of anatomy occurs primarily through changes in regulatory sequences .
This conclusion comes as no surprise , given the hypotheses of King and Wilson and others framed decades ago .
Indeed , most aficionados of evolutionary developmental biology would find no news here .
However , I am not convinced that what we have learned about the evolution of form is being adequately considered in comparative genomics and population genetics , where the potential role of regulatory sequence evolution appears to be a secondary consideration , or ignored altogether .
This neglect has fundamental bearing on the issue that first drew King and Wilson 's interest — the origins of differences between chimps and humans .
Chimps and Humans Redux
The morphological differences between modern humans , human ancestors , and the great apes are the product of evolutionary changes in development .
I have argued elsewhere [ 60 ] that the evolution of complex traits such as brain size , craniofacial morphology , cortical speech and language areas , hand and digit form , dentition , and body skeletal morphology must have a highly polygenic and largely regulatory basis .
The great and difficult challenge , with the genome sequences of humans , chimps , and other mammals now available , is to map changes in genes to changes in traits .
Many approaches are being taken , and a few intriguing associations of candidate genes and the evolution of particular traits have been discovered , such as the FOXP2 gene and the evolution of speech [ 61 ] , and the MYH16 muscle - specific myosin pseudogene and the evolutionary reduction of the masticatory apparatus [ 62 ] .
My concern here is not whether these specific associations did or did not play a role in human evolution ; rather , my concern is the exclusive focus , by choice or by necessity , on the evolution of coding sequences in these and more genome - wide population genetic surveys of chimp–human differences [ 63 ] .
There exists some disconnect between what studies in model species have underscored — the ability or sufficiency of regulatory sequences to account for the evolution of physical traits — and which models of evolution are implicitly or explicitly being tested when only coding sequence divergence is considered .
Two stories concerning the FOXP2 gene illustrate the dramatically different conclusions one might draw , depending upon the methodologies and assumptions applied .
The human FOXP2 gene encodes a transcription factor , and mutations at the locus were discovered to be associated with a speech and language disorder [ 64 ] .
The human FOXP2 protein differs from the gorilla and chimp protein at just two residues , raising the possibility that the two replacements that occurred in the human lineage might be significant to the evolution of speech and language .
Furthermore , population genetic analysis indicates that the FOXP2 locus has undergone a selective sweep within the last 200,000 years of human evolution [ 61 ] .
While it would certainly be convenient if the two changes in the FOXP2 protein were functional , the additional hypothesis must be considered that functional regulatory changes might have occurred at the FOXP2 locus .
In weighing alternative hypotheses of FOXP2 or any gene 's potential involvement in the evolution of form ( or neural circuitry ) , we should ask the following questions .
( i ) Is the gene product used in multiple tissues ?
( ii ) Are mutations in the coding sequence known or likely to be pleiotropic ?
( iii )
Does the locus contain multiple cis-regulatory elements ?
If the answers are yes to all of these questions , then regulatory sequence evolution is the more likely mode of evolution than coding sequence evolution .
For FOXP2 , this appears to be the case .
FOXP2 is expressed at multiple sites , not just in the brain , but in the lungs , heart , and gut as well [ 64,65 ] .
Patients with the FOXP2 mutation do have multiple neural deficits [ 66 ] .
And , because FOXP2 is expressed in different organs and different regions of the brain , it is certain to possess multiple regulatory elements .
Furthermore , it is an enormous , complex locus , spanning some 267 kb .
Based upon a simple average base pair divergence of 1.2 % , there should be over 2,000 nucleotide differences between chimps and humans in this span .
Because there is much more potential for functional divergence in non-coding sequences , there is no specific reason to favor coding sequence divergence over regulatory sequence divergence at FOXP2 .
The discovery of FOXP2 and its association with human speech has inspired consideration of the potential role of FOXP2 in the evolution of vocalization in other animals , and here is where strikingly different conclusions were reached depending upon the hypothesis tested and the methodology used .
Song learning has evolved in three orders of birds .
There are some behavioral and neural similarities between bird song and human speech in terms of their being learned at critical periods and the involvement of auditory and motor centers and specialized brain centers .
A standard comparative analysis of the FOXP2 coding sequences of humans and song - learning and non-learning birds did not reveal any amino acid substitutions that were shared between song - learning birds and humans , nor any fixed differences between song - learning and non-learning birds .
The study concluded there was “ no evidence for its [ FOXP2 ] role during the evolution of vocal learning in nonhuman animals ” [ 67 ] .
In great contrast , when FOXP2 mRNA and protein expression in the developing and adult brains of a variety of song - learners and non-learners were examined , a striking increase in FOXP2 expression was observed in Area X , a center necessary for vocal learning that is absent from non-learners [ 68 ] ( Figure 3A–3C ) .
This increase occurs in zebra finches over the developmental period when vocal learning occurs .
Furthermore , in adult canaries , seasonal changes in FOXP2 expression were observed in Area X , associated with changes in the stability of the bird 's song ( Figure 3D–3 F ) .
Thus , remarkable changes in the regulation of FOXP2 , but not the protein sequence , are correlated with the development and evolution of vocal learning in birds .
These changes could arise through the evolution of FOXP2 cis-regulatory sequences , or of the regulatory or coding sequences of transcription factors that control FOXP2 .
PPT PowerPoint slide
PowerPoint slide PNG larger image
larger image TIFF original image Download : Figure 3 . The Regulatory Evolution of FOXP2 and the Origins of Vocal Learning ( A–F ) The patterns of FOXP2 expression in sections of bird brains are depicted The green area is the striatum .
FOXP2 is upregulated in the vocalization center known as Area X ( pink spots ) in vocal - learning species such as the zebra finch ( A ) and black - capped chickadee ( B ) but not in non-learning species such as the ringdove ( C ) .
( D–F )
In the canary , FOXP2 expression in Area X varies over seasons ; elevated expression is associated with periods during which the song is plastic ( pink spot ) .
( Figure based on [ 68 ] . )
https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pbio.0030245.g003
The contrast between the negative conclusions drawn from the analysis of coding sequences and the fascinating correlation revealed by the comparative study of gene regulation in vivo highlights the general inadequacies of , and potential error in , the exclusive analysis of coding regions when considering the evolution of anatomy .
But that inadequacy applies more broadly than just to the evolution of form .
While standard population genetic tests have been used to search human protein sequences for statistical evidence of positive selection [ 63,69 ] , several examples of positive selection on cis-regulatory sequences of physiological genes are documented [ 70 – 72 ] .
This includes the very clear case of the erythroid - specific loss of expression of the Duffy antigen chemokine receptor in populations resistant to Plasmodium vivax malaria [ 73 ] .
This loss is due to a regulatory mutation that affects an erythroid cis-regulatory sequence but has no effect on receptor expression elsewhere in the body [ 74 ] .
Any statements or claims , then , about the genetic changes that “ make us human ” must be weighed critically in light of the power and limitations of the methodology employed , and the scope of the hypotheses being tested .
While it is understandable that some biologists have reached for the “ low - hanging fruit ” of coding sequence changes , the task of unraveling the regulatory puzzle is yet to come .
Conclusion
The hypothesis of regulatory evolution put forward by King and Wilson 30 years ago was founded entirely on negative data , that is , the apparent insufficiency of coding sequence divergence to account for gross organismal differences .
It has required several decades to obtain evidence that regulatory sequences are so often the basis for the evolution of form that , when considering the evolution of anatomy ( including neural circuitry ) , regulatory sequence evolution should be the primary hypothesis considered .
The analysis of regulatory sequence evolution poses particular challenges in that it is impossible to distinguish meaningless from functional changes by mere inspection .
But , in nonhuman models where extensive experimental tools are available , there is cause for optimism that the contribution of regulatory sequences to evolution will be increasingly well understood in the near term .
In order to approach the origins of human traits , much greater emphasis has to be placed on comparative studies of gene expression , regulation , and development in apes and other primates .
This is precisely the requirement forecast by King and Wilson 30 years ago [ 1 ] , only now we have the means to meet it .
Acknowledgments I thank M.- C. King for correspondence regarding her 1975 paper with A. C. Wilson , L. Olds for the artwork , and A. Rokas , B. Williams , C. Hittinger , B. Hersh , P. Carroll , and S. Paddock for helpful comments .
Work in my laboratory is supported by the Howard Hughes Medical Institute .
Joseph Shoer is a Ph.D. candidate in aerospace engineering , studying how modular spacecraft could be assembled , and hoping that they will be the telescopes and human exploration vehicles of the future , and not for crushing the dreams of Martian colonists .
Advertisement
I had a discussion recently with friends about the various depictions of space combat in science fiction movies , TV shows , and books .
We have the fighter - plane engagements of Star Wars , the subdued , two - dimensional naval combat in Star Trek , the Newtonian planes of Battlestar Galactica , the staggeringly furious energy exchanges of the combat wasps in Peter Hamilton 's books , and the use of antimatter rocket engines themselves as weapons in other sci-fi .
But suppose we get out there , go terraform Mars , and the Martian colonists actually revolt .
Or suppose we encounter hostile aliens .
How would space combat actually go ?
First , let me point out something that Ender 's Game got right and something it got wrong .
What it got right is the essentially three - dimensional nature of space combat , and how that would be fundamentally different from land , sea , and air combat .
In principle , yes , your enemy could come at you from any direction at all .
In practice , though , the Buggers are going to do no such thing .
At least , not until someone invents an FTL drive , and we can actually pop our battle fleets into existence anywhere near our enemies .
The marauding space fleets are going to be governed by orbit dynamics – not just of their own ships in orbit around planets and suns , but those planets ' orbits .
For the same reason that we have Space Shuttle launch delays , we 'll be able to tell exactly what trajectories our enemies could take between planets : the launch window .
At any given point in time , there are only so many routes from here to Mars that will leave our imperialist forces enough fuel and energy to put down the colonists ' revolt .
So , it would actually make sense to build space defense platforms in certain orbits , to point high - power radar - reflection surveillance satellites at certain empty reaches of space , or even to mine parts of the void .
It also means that strategy is not as hopeless when we finally get to the Bugger homeworld : the enemy ships will be concentrated into certain orbits , leaving some avenues of attack guarded and some open .
( Of course , once our ships maneuver towards those unguarded orbits , they will be easily observed – and potentially countered . )
Advertisement
Now , Let 's Talk Technology
First , pending a major development in propulsion technology , combat spacecraft would likely get around the same way the Apollo spacecraft went to the Moon and back : with orbit changes effected by discrete main - engine burns .
The only other major option is a propulsion system like ion engines or solar sails , which produce a very low amount of thrust over a very long time .
However , the greater speed from burning a chemical , nuclear , or antimatter rocket in a single maneuver is likely a better tactical option .
One implication of rocket propulsion is that there will be relatively long periods during which Newtonian physics govern the motions of dogfighting spacecraft , punctuated by relatively short periods of maneuvering .
Another is that combat in orbit would be very different from combat in " deep space , " which is what you probably think of as how space combat should be – where a spacecraft thrusts one way , and then keeps going that way forever .
No , around a planet , the tactical advantage in a battle would be determined by orbit dynamics : which ship is in a lower ( and faster ) orbit than which ; who has a circular orbit and who has gone for an ellipse ; relative rendezvous trajectories that look like winding spirals rather than straight lines .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Second , there are only a few ways to maneuver the attitude of a spacecraft around – to point it in a new direction .
The fast ways to do that are to fire an off - center thruster or to tilt a gyroscope around to generate a torque .
Attitude maneuvers would be critical to point the main engine of a space fighter to set up for a burn , or to point the weapons systems at an enemy .
Either way , concealing the attitude maneuvers of the space fighter would be important to gain a tactical advantage .
So I think gyroscopes ( " CMGs , " in the spacecraft lingo ) would be a better way to go – they could invisibly live entirely within the space fighter hull , and would n't need to be mounted on any long booms ( which would increase the radar , visible , and physical cross-section of the fighter ) to get the most torque on the craft .
With some big CMGs , a spacecraft could flip end - for - end in a matter of seconds or less .
If you come upon a starfighter with some big , spherical bulbs near the midsection , they are probably whopping big CMGs and the thing will be able to point its guns at you wherever you go .
To mitigate some of the directionality of things like weapons fire and thruster burns , space fighters would probably have weapons and engines mounted at various points around their hull ; but a culture interested in efficiently mass - producing space warships would probably be concerned about manufacturing so many precision parts for a relatively fragile vessel , and the craft would likely only have one main engine rather than , say , four equal tetrahedral engines .
How About Weapons ?
We have to consider just how you might damage a spacecraft to put it out of action .
Advertisement
Explosions are basically a waste of energy in space .
On the ground , these are devastating because of the shock wave that goes along with them .
But in the vacuum of space , an explosion just creates some tenuous , expanding gases that would be easily dissipated by a hull .
No , to damage spacecraft systems , you can't hit them with gas unless it 's really , really concentrated and energetic .
So unless you want to just wait till your enemy is close enough that you can point your engines at him , the best bets for ranged weapons are kinetic impactors and radiation .
A kinetic impactor is basically just a slug that goes really fast and hits the enemy fighter , tearing through the hull , damaging delicate systems with vibrations , throwing gyroscopes out of alignment so that they spin into their enclosures and explode into shards , puncturing tanks of fuel and other consumables , or directly killing the pilot and crew .
You know …bullets .
But it sounds much more technical and science - fictiony to say " mass driver " or " kinetic lance " or something of the sort .
Of course , the simplest way to implement this sort of weapon in space is just as some kind of machine gun or cannon .
Those will work in space ( ask the Soviets , they tested a cannon on their first Salyut space station ) , and the shells will do plenty of damage if they hit anything .
However , space is filled mostly with empty space , and hitting the enemy ships might be a challenge .
Furthermore , if the impactors are too large , the enemy could counter them by firing their own point - defense slugs and knocking the shells out of line .
Therefore , I contend that the most effective kinetic space weapons would be either flak shells or actively thrusting , guided missiles .
The flak shells would explode into a hail of fragmented shards , able to tear through un - armored systems of many craft at once without the shell directly hitting its target , or able to strike a target even after it tries to evade with a last - minute engine burn .
The missiles would be a bit different from the missiles we are used to on Earth , which must continuously thrust to sustain flight .
In space , such a weapon would rapidly exhaust its fuel and simply become a dummy shell .
No , a space missile would either be fired as an unguided projectile and power up its engine after drifting most of the way to its target , or it would fire its engine in sporadic , short bursts .
A definite downside to kinetic weapons on a starfighter is that they would impart momentum to the fighter or change its mass properties .
Very large cannons or missiles might therefore be impractical , unless the fighter can quickly compensate for what is essentially a large rocket firing .
Even that compensation might give the enemy just the window he needs …
Advertisement
Radiation - based weapons that burn out the electronics of a spacecraft sound exotic , but are still potentially achievable .
This would be the attraction of nuclear weapons in space : not the explosion , which would affect just about nothing , but the burst of energetic particles and the ensuing electromagnetic storm .
Still , such a burst would have to be either pretty close to the target vessel to scramble its systems , or it would have to be made directional in some way , to focus the gamma-ray and zinging - proton blast .
But while we 're talking about focused energy weapons , lets just go with a tool that we already use to cut sheet metal on Earth : lasers .
In space , laser light will travel almost forever without dissipating from diffraction .
Given a large enough power supply , lasers could be used at range to slice up enemy warships .
The key phrase there , though , is " given a large enough power supply . "
Power is hard to come by in the space business .
So , expect space laser weapons to take one of three forms : small lasers designed not to destroy , but to blind and confuse enemy sensors ; medium - sized lasers that would be fired infrequently and aimed to melt specific vulnerable points on enemy space fighters , like antennae , gimbals , and maneuvering thrusters ; and large lasers pumped by the discharge from a large capacitor or similar energy storage device to cut a physical slice into the enemy craft wherever they hit .
Such a large weapon would likely only be fired at the very beginning of a battle , because the commander of a ship with such a weapon would not want to keep his capacitor charged when it might unexpectedly blow its energy all at once once he's in the thick of things .
Deflector shields like those in fiction are not possible at present , but it would still make sense to armor combat spacecraft to a limited extent .
The spaceframes of the fighters would likely be designed solely for the space environment ; the actual ships would be launched within the payload fairings of a rocket or assembled in space .
If launched from the ground , armor must be minimized to reduce the launch weight of the spacecraft .
But if built and launched in space , it would make sense to plate over vital systems of the vehicle .
Thick armor would prevent flak or small lasers from piercing delicate components , and might mitigate a direct strike from a kinetic impactor or heavy cutting laser .
However , the more heavily armored and massive a space fighter is , the more thrust it will take to maneuver in orbit and the more energy it will take to spin in place .
( Here 's where computer games get space combat all wrong : the mass of a huge space cruiser would not place an upper limit on the speed of a vehicle , but it would reduce the acceleration a given engine could produce compared to the same engine on a less massive vehicle . )
Advertisement
I 'm assuming that we'd have some intrepid members of the United Earth Space Force crewing these combat vessels .
Or , at least , crewing some of them – robotic drone fighters would be a tremendous boon to space soldiers , but the communication lag between planets and vessels in orbit would make the split - second judgments of humans necessary at times .
( Until we perfect AIs … but if we 're giving them the space fighters from the beginning , we deserve the robot uprising we 'll get . )
The crews will hardly be sitting around nice conference - room command bridges with no seat belts ; nor will they be standing upright in slate - gray console pits with glowing glass displays all over .
It 's not even a good idea for them to have windows , which would be vulnerable to flak and could give the crew an intense sense of disorientation as the spacecraft maneuvers , and could give them tremendous trouble adapting to rapid changes in light levels as the ship rotates near a planet or star .
No , they should be strapped into secure couches and centrally located in the most protected part of the spacecraft .
They should also be in full pressure suits , and the interior cabin of the spacecraft should already be evacuated – to prevent fires , or any secondary damage if all the atmosphere rushes out a hull breach .
This also reduces the need for escape pods .
Camera views from the exterior of the ship and graphical representations of the tactical situation would then be projected directly onto helmet faceplates .
Now , for the final word , let 's say the United Earth Space Force defeats the Martian rebels in orbit .
What do we do to hit them on the ground ?
Well , strategic weapons from space are easy : kinetic impactors again .
You chuck big ol ' spears , aerodynamically shaped so they stay on target and do n't burn up in the atmosphere , onto ground targets and watch gravitational potential energy turn into kinetic energy and excavate you a brand - new crater .
At some point , though , the imperialist Earthlings probably want to take over the existing infrastructure on Mars .
Time to get out the Space Marines !
Advertisement
It 's not terribly expensive or difficult , comparatively speaking , to get people from orbit down to a planet surface .
You fall .
This is the purpose of a space capsule .
What 's really , really , prohibitively difficult is getting them back up again .
So , the victorious orbital forces would have to bring in a transport ship chock full of Space Marines and drop them all at once in little capsules ( little because they can only be so big for the atmosphere to effectively brake them , and because you do n't want all your Marines perishing in some unfortunate incident ) .
Some orbital forces would remain in place to threaten the ground with bombardment and give the Marines a bit more muscle , but really , the ground - pounders are going to have to be pretty self - sufficient .
If they ever want to come back up , they would have to build and / or fuel their own ascent vehicle .
( This is the problem facing any NASA Mars efforts , too : getting back up through the Martian atmosphere is much harder than any of the lunar ascents were . )
What Would Combat Spacecraft End Up Looking Like ?
There are good arguments to have both large and small spacecraft in the Earth forces .
A big spacecraft could have a lot more armor to keep its systems and crew safe , more room for large fuel tanks and electrical power supplies , and larger mass to resist impulses from cannon recoil .
However , a smaller craft would be less visible to radar , more maneuverable , and could achieve higher accelerations for constant engine thrust .
As with just about any military force , the role of the craft would be tailored to the tactical operations required , so the Space Force would probably include several sizes of craft .
Advertisement
Enemies could come at your ship from any direction in space , which means that you would want to react , strike , and counterattack in any direction .
So , you would either have to mount weaponry all around your starfighter , put the weapons on gimbals so that they could rapidly point in any direction , or make the fighter maneuverable enough that it could rapidly point in any direction .
Gimbals would be a bad option , because they would introduce points of increased vulnerability , unless they could be very well - armored .
I conclude that the big ships would have many weapons , pointed in many directions ; the small ships would have a few weapons , with the main weapon systems pointed in one direction .
Maneuverability ( angular acceleration ) you could achieve with gyroscopes , or by mounting engines or thrusters away from your fighter 's center of mass .
For the highest levels of maneuverability , the spacecraft should be close to spherical and these engines should be as off - center as possible , which might mean putting thrusters on long booms or struts .
The problem with this kind of Firefly - like engine layout is that it becomes very vulnerable .
If a fighter can achieve high maneuverability with gyros , those are probably the best option .
Advertisement
So , I think the small fighter craft would be nearly spherical , with a single main engine and a few guns or missiles facing generally forward .
They would have gyroscopes and fuel tanks in their shielded centers .
It would make sense to build their outer hulls in a faceted manner , to reduce their radar cross-section .
Basically , picture a bigger , armored version of the lunar module .
The larger warships would also probably be nearly spherical , with a small cluster of main engines facing generally backward and a few smaller engines facing forward or sideways for maneuvering .
Cannons , lasers , and missile ports would face outward in many directions .
On a large enough space cruiser , it would even be a good idea to put docking ports for the small fighters , so that the fighters do n't have to carry as many consumables on board .
I think it 's time to sketch some pictures and write some stories !
Space - Wide Peace
I certainly hope we do n't get into any space wars .
Human nature being what it is , though , and given how scarce a lot of resources really are on the scale of a solar system or a galaxy , I do n't think it 's out of the question .
I would like to think that when we start colonizing other worlds , we will be sufficiently enlightened to do so from on board the Ship of the Imagination , and not as futuristic conquistadores .
Still , the part of me that loves science fiction has fun with these thought experiments .
Advertisement
Reprinted with permission from Joseph Shoer .
Photo by TG Daily
Facebook Twitter LinkedIn
A recent FT article by Vernon Smith and Steven Gjerstad discusses two big housing crashes , one occurred between 1928 and 1929 , and the other occurred between 2006:1 and 2008:2 .
Both were associated with substantial increases in RGDP .
Why did n’t real GDP decline during these two big shocks to a major industry ?
Why was unemployment so low ?
There are two reasons .
First , jobs in housing construction are not a particularly large share of total employment .
The direct loss of jobs was in the 100,000s , not millions .
In addition , many of the workers who lost jobs in construction gained jobs in other sectors .
Thus RGDP continued to grow .
The article by Smith and Gjerstad contains two of the best graphs I have ever seen for illustrating the amazing resilience of the US economy .
In 1929 ( a boom year ) housing output fell by roughly 30 % .
The recent downturn is even more striking .
Notice the severe decline in housing for 9 straight quarters during a period where RGDP is trending upward .
The ability of RGDP to grow while a major sector is contracting is quite amazing .
Yet for some odd reason they drew almost the exact opposite conclusion that I did ; they argued that the housing crashes of 1928 - 29 and 2006 - 08 caused severe recessions .
Why is that ?
In my view their key mistake was to misinterpret the role of monetary policy .
In each case , housing continued to decline further after the period I cited .
And in each case NGDP , which had been growing , suddenly began declining as well .
It was the decline in NGDP , not the additional fall in housing , which caused the severe recession and the job losses all across the economy .
If NGDP had kept growing at 3 % to 5 % after 1929 , and after 2008:2 , the housing downturn probably would have ended , and the economy would have avoided a severe recession .
You might ask ; “ Is n’t it a bit implausible that two severe recessions would be preceded by housing collapses , if those collapses had no causal role in the recessions ? ”
In fact , the housing collapses and the subsequent recessions probably were related , but in a very indirect fashion .
Here ’s what probably happened in both cases .
As housing declined , the equilibrium “ natural rate of interest ” began to decline as well .
There was less demand for credit .
At some point the natural rate fell far below the Fed ’s policy rate , causing monetary policy to tighten accidentally .
Because Fed officials ( and many private economists ) wrongly think that the level of interest rates are a good indicator of the stance of monetary policy , they failed to notice that monetary policy had tightened sharply .
But the markets noticed , and there were big stock market crashes in October 1929 and October 2008 .
But that ca n’t be the whole problem , because Smith and Gjerstad do discuss the fall in velocity , and correctly attribute it to the decline in nominal interest rates .
And of course this fall in velocity is just another way of thinking about the fall in the natural rate of interest that I discussed earlier .
So they understand that a housing collapse can reduce interest rates , velocity , and hence NGDP .
So again , why do they reach such different conclusions ?
I think in the end it has to do with their approach to monetary policy .
They view the fall in velocity as something that the Fed would have had a hard time counteracting .
And they would undoubtedly point to the fact that the Fed did in fact fail to counteract it .
In contrast , I am much more optimistic about the ability of the central bank to maintain stable expected NGDP growth in a period of financial turmoil , and believe that very little of the fall in velocity that Smith and Gjerstad cite was actually caused by the housing slump .
Instead , almost all of it was caused by two monetary policy mistakes .
One was the failure to do NGDP targeting , level targeting , which would have maintained positive longer term NGDP expectations .
And the other error was paying interest on excess bank reserves .
In his Big Think interview , Vernon Smith suggested that banks took excessive risks in the 1920s .
This seems plausible , after all , lots of banks failed in the 1930s .
But in fact banks were much more conservatively managed in the 1920s than today .
If you take a close look at this graph from The Economist , you will see that bank equity was above 10 % of assets throughout the 1920s , and was close to 15 % on the eve of the Great Depression .
So that was n’t the problem .
Then what went wrong ?
Why did so many banks fail in the 1930s ?
The answer is simple , NGDP fell in half .
The funds people and firms use to repay loans comes from income .
If nominal income falls in half , there will be many defaults , regardless of how sound the loans seemed before the Depression began .
What about today ?
It is more complicated .
This time Smith is partly right .
There were many foolish loans made during the past decade , and we know this because the sub - prime crisis occurred while the economy was still booming in 2007 .
About all you can say in defense of the banks is that the fall in NGDP after mid-2008 made the losses several times worse than otherwise .
But even some of that is the banks fault , as they need to anticipate the possibility of at least a mild recession , although perhaps one can excuse them for not expecting NGDP to fall at the fastest rate since 1938 .
In any case , it ’s not about blame , it is about figuring out where we go from here .
And despite the fact that I diagnose the problem slightly differently from Smith and Gjerstad , I reach almost identical policy conclusions from those discussed by Smith in his recent Big Think interview :
1 . We should require much more collateral on loans and derivatives
2 . We should raise the price level 6 % ( although I would substitute NGDP for the price level . )
PS .
I could n’t copy the FT graphs , but this one from The Economist shows just how much of the housing downturn had occurred before the recession even began .
Starts had fallen from over two million to roughly one million in late 2007 .
In the early part of the recession , starts actually leveled off at close to one million , but then fell to 500,000 when NGDP declined sharply .
PPS .
Tyler Cowen links to a graph showing the effect of “ recalculation . ”
Oddly , a few weeks back I linked to a similar graph arguing that it showed recalculation was a minor factor in the current recession .
BTW , the graph he links to has an error ; unemployment rose between July 2009 and November 2009 , whereas it shows a decline .
But I should n’t throw stones as a commenter named Tom found errors in my graph as well .
I was born in Michigan , grew up in Madison , and went to grad school in Chicago .
These three areas encapsulate how I think about the recession .
Chicago is a cross-section of America , with a highly diversified economy .
Its unemployment rate is 10.3 % , close to the national average .
Madison is blessed with unusually acyclical industries , and I do n’t recall it ever experiencing high unemployment .
Because its economy is dominated by state government , college education , insurance , biotech , and dairy , it has only 5.5 % unemployment .
At the other extreme is Detroit , with 15.4 % unemployment .
Detroit has two problems .
First , heavy industry is unusually cyclical , and thus steel , autos , machinery , etc , will suffer more job losses when AD falls , even if there is no recalculation .
Of course the auto industry is the main problem in Detroit .
It is not true that the US auto industry is in a long term state of decline , but the Big 3 / UAW auto industry is in a long term state of decline .
So Detroit ’s unusually high unemployment rate is due to both cyclical factors and structural ( recalculation ) factors .
HT : Mike Belongia
Facebook Twitter LinkedIn
Tags : Housing , housing bubble
This entry was posted on January 27th , 2010 and is filed under Crisis of 2008 , Misc. , Monetary Policy .
You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed .
You can leave a response or Trackback from your own site .
Nobody likes the huge painting installed in Goldman 's other entrance either .
The Business Insider wrote earlier about Goldman employees thinking the mural Blankfein commissioned for their new 200 West HQ is ugly and a huge waste of $ 10 million .
Turns out Goldman Sachs wasted another $ 5 million on this painting ( right ) , on display in their other entrance and visible from the street .
Nobody thinks this one is any good either .
At least the big bright mural has two names , both " Sunrise , Sunset , " and " The Windmill , The Water , and The Grain . "
This one does n't even have one name .
Julie Mehretu 's piece is meant to show the history of global trade capital and commerce , but she has not yet decided what to call it .
Mehretu was at Goldman last week to name the piece , but then told the building to take the title down .
Apparently she keeps naming it and then changing her mind and unnaming it .
The painting has been named two or three times already , and is now " Untitled , " until further notice .
The Von Storch & Bray annual poll of opinion among climatologists is always interesting .
Here 's an new and interesting take on it by Joseph Bast :
Thirty - five percent [ of climatologists ] responded “ very much ” when asked the following question : “ How convinced are you that most of recent or near future climate change is , or will be , a result of anthropogenic causes ? ”
On a scale from 1 to 7 , with 1 being “ not at all ” and 7 being “ very much , ” 83 percent answered 5 , 6 , or 7 .
Only 1 percent said “ not at all ” and only 11 percent answered 1 , 2 , or 3 .
Answers to the question “ How convinced are you that climate change poses a very serious and dangerous threat to humanity ? ” were similar .
However , the Bray and von Storch survey also reveals that very few of these scientists trust climate models — which form the basis of claims that human activity could have a dangerous effect on the global climate .
Fewer than 3 or 4 percent said they “ strongly agree ” that computer models produce reliable predictions of future temperatures , precipitation , or other weather events .
More scientists rated climate models “ very poor ” than “ very good ” on a long list of important matters , including the ability to model temperatures , precipitation , sea level , and extreme weather events .
Mathematician and SF writer Vernor Vinge has a thing for contact lenses .
Wearing the special contact lenses he describes in his fiction –- coupled with computers in clothing and locational sensors scattered everywhere –- his characters see a constant stream of text and virtual sights overlaying the real world .
Fiction now meets reality with prototype contact lenses developed by Babak Parviz at the University of Washington , in Seattle .
Dr. Parviz ’s prototype lenses can be used as biosensors to display body chemistry or as a heads up display ( HUD ) .
Powered by radio waves and 330 microwatts of power from a loop antenna that picks up power beamed from nearby radio sources , future versions will also be able to harvest power from a cell phone .
In his early 2008 lab tests , rabbits safely wore contact lenses with metal connectors for electronic circuits .
The prototype lenses contained an electric circuit as well as red light - emitting diodes for a display .
The lenses were tested on rabbits for up to 20 minutes and the animals showed no adverse effects .
Here ’s a video of Dr. Parviz explaining the design of the lenses :
Fitting a contact lense with circuitry and power is a complex matter .
The circuitry has to be transparent so as not to annoy the wearer .
Also , techniques had to be developed to deal with the temperatures and chemicals used in large - scale microfabrication so that the polymer material used by the contact lenses is not ruined .
" Conventional contact lenses are polymers formed in specific shapes to correct faulty vision , ” says Dr. Parviz .
“ To turn such a lens into a functional system , we integrate control circuits , communication circuits , and miniature antennas into the lens using custom - built optoelectronic components .
Those components will eventually include hundreds of LEDs , which will form images in front of the eye , such as words , charts , and photographs .
Much of the hardware is semitransparent so that wearers can navigate their surroundings without crashing into them or becoming disoriented . ”
The prototype includes a lense with one LED powered wirelessly with radio frequency ( RF ) .
“ What we ’ve done so far barely hints at what will soon be possible with this technology , " continues Parviz .
The power for the lense comes through an antenna that collects incoming RF energy from a separate portable transmitter .
Power - conversion circuitry provides DC power to other parts of the system and sends instructions to the display control circuit .
The display –- at the center of the lense –- can consist of multiple LEDs that turn on and off .
Their transparency is modulated by the control circuit .
Dr. Parviz ’s contact lenses offer the possibility of something akin to the augmented reality and graphical display effects used in the movie Iron Man
An energy - storage module such as a large capacitor can be connected to a solar cell to provide a power boost to the lense .
A biosensor samples the surface of the wearer ’s cornea , performs an analysis , and then provides data to the telecommunication module to transmit to an external computer .
Such contact lenses will obviously spend hours touching the human eye .
Parviz ’s team wants to explore the depth and breadth of information that can be captured by wearing the contacts – for example , diabetics can monitor their blood sugar levels .
The lense can sample the information obtained from the eye ’s surface and display the results in front of the eye as a HUD .
The first HUDs were used in the military based on static gun sight technology for military fighter aircraft with a ring and dot of light called the " pipper , " which projected onto the clear glass in front of the sight .
HUDs soon were developed to display computed gunnery solutions — using aircraft data such as airspeed and angle of attack — to greatly increase the accuracy pilots could achieve in air - to - air battles .
Today ’s fighter and space shuttle pilots are heavily dependent upon HUDs to provide up - to - the - second real time information .
Here ’s the view of an F16 HUD during a 5 - minute flight ( the real thing , not simulated , so hang on to your lunch ) :
Dr. Parviz ’s contact lenses offer the possibility of a much more personal HUD , something akin to the augmented reality and graphical display effects used in the movie Iron Man .
Here ’s a short video ( courtesy of Andrew Kramer ’s Video Pilot web site ) showing a somewhat futuristic vision of the types of graphical information displays that might possible with such contacts lenses :
When you combine Dr. Parviz ’s contact lense technology with avatars and virtual worlds , you start to grasp Vernor Vinge ’s vision of the near future .
With your contact lenses in place , you chat with a distant friend ’s quite lifelike image strolling at your side , and adjust the scenery to your mutual taste — adding , say , a raucous nightclub or a serene Zen temple — at the same time that you ’re each privately IM ’ing your friends and browsing the Internet , much as avatars do today in Second Life .
Given the recent research into the dangers of text messaging while driving , this type of iPhone - on - steroids distraction might seem extreme .
Contact lenses as replacements for smart phone displays — even to monitor blood glucose levels — might best be done while not operating heavy equipment .
" The true promise of this research is not just the actual system we end up making , whether it ’s a display , a biosensor , or both , ” comments Dr. Parviz .
“ We already see a future in which the humble contact lens becomes a real platform , like the iPhone is today , with lots of developers contributing their ideas and inventions .
As far as we ’re concerned , the possibilities extend as far as the eye can see , and beyond . ”
The withdrawal Sunday of President Hamid Karzai ’s only rival in an election runoff essentially handed him another five - year term , but without the clear mandate U.S. officials had hoped would make Karzai an effective partner in the struggle to stabilize Afghanistan .
In an emotional speech before thousands of supporters , former Foreign Minister Abdullah Abdullah said he had decided not to take part in the Nov. 7 poll because the government had rejected his demands for changes to prevent the type of rampant fraud that marred the voting in August and had made it so that a “ transparent election is not possible . ”
The announcement plunged the country into uncharted legal and political territory , with no consensus on whether the runoff should still be held .
Karzai ’s aides said the campaign should continue , although they added that they would respect the decision of the country ’s Independent Election Commission , a body whose members are appointed by Karzai .
The group is scheduled to convene today to reach a decision .
Advertisement
U.S. and other Western officials , who leaned heavily on Karzai to accept a runoff after the tainted election in August , are now pressing him and electoral officials to find a legally acceptable way to cancel the poll and declare Karzai the winner .
Neither the U.S. nor the United Nations is prepared to risk more lives for an election with only one candidate , said a Western official familiar with the talks .
Early today , U.N. Secretary - General Ban Ki-moon arrived in Afghanistan to meet with Karzai and Abdullah , the Associated Press reported .
American and other Western officials are also encouraging Karzai to reach out across ethnic and factional lines to form a Cabinet that is willing to tackle corruption and improve governance .
Many of them continue to hold out hope that Karzai will cut a deal with Abdullah to embrace reforms , bring the challenger into a government position or both .
Such a settlement would bolster the legitimacy of Karzai ’s government , several said .
“ He knows as well as anyone else does , even if he is crowned president , he cannot govern without Abdullah , ” said the official familiar with the talks , who requested anonymity because of their sensitivity .
Advertisement
Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton released a statement that hinted at U.S. hope that Abdullah ’s coalition would have some voice in the government .
Clinton praised Abdullah , saying he ran a “ dignified and constructive campaign that drew the support of Afghan people across the nation .
We hope that he will continue to stay engaged in the national dialogue and work on behalf of the security and prosperity of the people of Afghanistan . ”
The election imbroglio has unfolded as President Obama considers whether to deepen U.S. involvement in the war , including deploying tens of thousands of additional troops as requested by his top military official in the region .
A weak and discredited government in Kabul , the Afghan capital , would make it more difficult to persuade an already disillusioned American public and Congress to up the ante in a life - and - death commitment .
White House officials have debated whether to make the final decision on troop levels before or after the Afghan voting .
If the election does not go forward , reasons for further delay might seem questionable .
Advertisement
“ If anything , it will speed the debate up , ” said a U.S. Defense Department official .
“ Karzai is the guy .
. . .
There is nothing we can do about it . ”
Other military officials believe the White House has already settled on a timetable for making decisions and that Abdullah ’s withdrawal will have little effect on the timing .
But how the events of the next few days play out could have a major effect on the substance of the strategy debate .
“ I expect the president will make a decision within weeks , ” said senior Obama advisor David Axelrod in an appearance on CBS ’
“ Face the Nation . ”
“ As you know , ” Axelrod said , “ he has gone through a very rigorous process because the goal here is not just to make an arithmetic judgment about the number of troops , but to make sure that we have the right strategy . ”
Advertisement
Several opposition lawmakers in Washington said Obama should make a quick decision on sending more troops .
House Republican leader John Boehner said on CNN ’s “ State of the Union ” that Abdullah ’s announcement “ says more about the fact that he knew he was n’t going to win . ”
“ But that should not hamper our decision with regard to Afghanistan , ” he said .
U.N. - backed auditors threw out more than 1 million of the votes cast Aug. 20 , including nearly a third of Karzai ’s tally .
That left the president just short of the 50 % plus 1 threshold required for an outright win and forced him into the runoff against Abdullah , his main challenger .
Abdullah said he decided to withdraw after Karzai rejected a list of demands he believed would help prevent a repeat of the irregularities of the first round , including the removal of election commission head Azizullah Lodin and the suspension of three ministers he accused of abusing their positions to help Karzai .
Advertisement
Karzai ’s aides maintained that the president did not have the authority to dismiss commission members , who can be removed only through the judicial system .
And they said Karzai could not act against his ministers without evidence .
U.S. Ambassador Karl Eikenberry and U.N. Special Representative Kai
Eide shuttled between the candidates last week , hoping to broker a power - sharing arrangement that would avoid a second round of voting they feared would be more tainted than the first , according to the official familiar with the talks .
The two men met face to face Wednesday , a meeting Abdullah described at a news conference as a “ critical chance ” to resolve the deadlock .
“ Unfortunately , the meeting was inconclusive , to say the least , ” he said .
Pressed by journalists Sunday , Abdullah refused to say whether he thought the runoff should go ahead , repeating that his “ only decision ” was to withdraw .
But he signaled that he hoped to remain part of the political process and said he “ would n’t shut the door ” on talks with Karzai .
Advertisement
“ This will not be the end of anything , this will be a new beginning , ” he said .
“ I will be at the full service of the nation . ”
U.S. officials expressed relief that Abdullah had avoided confrontational rhetoric Sunday that could have triggered a violent response from his supporters .
He did not tell them to boycott the runoff vote , and he urged them to “ not to go to the streets , not to demonstrate . ”
Abdullah said his withdrawal was a “ tough ” and “ painful ” choice that took into consideration the costs and the danger of holding an election in the midst of a war against Taliban and Al Qaeda militants .
Although he emphasized that his decision was “ final and conclusive ” he appeared to choke up when he informed his supporters and had to pause to take a sip of water .
Advertisement
His followers applauded the decision .
“ It was a good decision , ” said Abdul Mukhtar Yar of neighboring Laghman province .
“ If there will be a government that is the result of fraud , people will not trust it . " --
alexandra.zavis@latimes.com
Special correspondent Karim Sharifi in Afghanistan and Times staff writers Paul Richter , Christi Parsons and Julian E. Barnes in Washington contributed to this report .
A weekly comic strip , covering politics , pop culture , and the absurd .
Corporate Persons Are Jerks
Susan Walmart " I paid some brown kids very little to make these for you . "
James Comcast
" I 'll let you check out this great website for sixty bucks ! "
Joey Aetna
" Your cancer is making me rich ! "
Larry Coca - Cola
" I did some stuff to corn that can give you diabetes .
Try it ! "
Tiffany Conagra
" I made a burger for you !
There 's some shit in it , but it 's at an acceptable level . "
Johnny Xe ( Formerly John Blackwater ) " I kill people for money . "
Karen H&M
" I burn all my old clothes so the poor can't stink ' em up . "
Michael ExxonMobil " Emissions are n't my problem "
Get the Recipe The Best Chili Ever
I gotta admit up front :
The title of this article is somewhat misleading .
Yes , we will discuss chili , and yes , it 's the best chili I personally have ever made .
But !
To call something " the best chili ever " implies that the recipe is perfect , and perfection implies that there is no room for improvement .
I can only hope that others will continue perfecting the chili work that began on the Tex - Mex border , and that I continue testing , well after the last rich and spicy remnant is licked clean off the bottom of the bowl .
With that disclaimer out of the way , let 's move on to the testing .
My first step was to set up some parameters that would define the ultimate chili .
Certainly , there are disputes in the chili world as to what makes the best .
Ground beef or chunks ?
Are tomatoes allowed ?
Should we even mention beans ?
But discounting a few people ( who are most likely from strange places , like Cincinnati or Japan ) , I think we can all agree on a few things .
The ultimate chili should :
Have a rich , complex chili flavor that combines sweet , bitter , hot , fresh , and fruity elements in balance .
Have a robust , meaty , beefy flavor .
Assuming that it contains beans , have beans that are tender , creamy , and intact .
Be bound together by a thick , deep - red sauce .
To achieve these goals , I decided to break down the chili into its distinct elements — the chilies , the beef , the beans , and the flavorings — perfecting each one before putting them all together in one big happy pot .
The Chilies
I have bad memories of my chili-eating college days — when chili was made by adding a can of beans and a can of tomatoes to ground beef , then adding one of every spice on the rack ( and two of cumin ) , then simmering .
The finished product inevitably had a totally unbalanced flavor , with a powdery , gritty mouthfeel from the dried spices .
My first goal was to ditch the powdered spices and premixed chili powders ( which are at worst inedible , and at best inconsistent ) and go straight for the source : real dried chilies .
They come in a baffling array .
To make my selection easier , I decided to taste every variety of whole chili I could find — both powdered in a spice grinder , and puréed in a blender with water — taking note of both their spice level and their flavor profile .
I noticed that most of them fell into one of four distinct categories :
Sweet and fresh :
These peppers have distinct aromas reminiscent of red bell peppers and fresh tomatoes .
They include costeño , New Mexico ( a.k.a. dried Anaheim , California , or Colorado ) , and choricero .
: These peppers have distinct aromas reminiscent of red bell peppers and fresh tomatoes .
They include costeño , New Mexico ( a.k.a. dried Anaheim , California , or Colorado ) , and choricero .
Hot :
An overwhelming heat .
The best , like cascabels , also have some complexity , while others like , the pequin or árbol , are all heat and not much else .
: An overwhelming heat .
The best , like cascabels , also have some complexity , while others like , the pequin or árbol , are all heat and not much else .
Smoky :
Some peppers , like chipotles ( dried , smoked jalapeños ) , are smoky because of the way they are dried .
Others , like ñoras or guajillos , have a natural musty , charred - wood smokiness .
: Some peppers , like chipotles ( dried , smoked jalapeños ) , are smoky because of the way they are dried .
Others , like ñoras or guajillos , have a natural musty , charred - wood smokiness .
Rich and fruity : Distinct aromas of sun-dried tomatoes , raisins , chocolate , and coffee .
Some of the best - known Mexican chilies , like ancho , mulato , and pasilla , are in this category .
Just as I occasionally like to mix up my Beatles Rock Band with a bit of Super Mario or old - school Street Fighter II , variety is what keeps you coming back to the chili pot .
The best spice strategy : Cover the low notes with a chili from the rich - and - fruity category , the high notes with a chili from the sweet - and - fresh category , and add a hit of heat with one from the hot , giving the smokier chilies a miss for reasons purely of personal taste .
Unless you 're camping or cooking it in a Dutch oven , there 's no room in chili for smokiness .
Eliminating the gritty texture of powdered chilies :
Ditch the powder , toast the chilies whole to enhance their aroma , cook them down in stock , and purée them until they 're completely smooth , creating a rich , concentrated flavor base for my chili .
The Meat
Beyond beans , the meat is the biggest source of contention amongst chili lovers .
Some ( like my lovely wife ) insist on ground beef , while others ( like myself ) prefer larger , stew - like chunks .
Regular Food Lab readers may have noticed that more often than not , I begrudgingly let my wife have her way .
This time , I was determined to fight for my own rights , or , at the very least , make her compromise her chili convictions .
After trying store - ground beef , home - ground beef , beef cut into one - inch chunks , and beef roughly chopped by hand into a textured mix of one - eighth - inch to half - inch pieces , the last method won out .
It provided little bits of nearly ground beef that added body and helped keep the stew ( and my marriage ) well bound , while still providing enough large , chunkier pieces to provide textural interest and something for a real man ( like myself ) to bite on .
I decided to go with bone - in short ribs — my favorite cut of beef for braising — hoping that I 'd be able to use the bones to add extra flavor and body to my chili later on .
Browning Issues
As anyone who 's ever made a Bolognese knows , it 's nearly impossible to properly brown a pot of ground beef .
It 's a simple matter of the ratio of surface area to volume .
Ground beef has tons of surface area for liquid and fat to escape .
As soon as you start cooking it , liquid starts pooling in the bottom of the pot , completely submerging the meat and leaving it to gurgle and stew in its own gray - brown juices .
Only after these juices have evaporated can any browning take place .
The sad truth ?
With ground ( or , in our case , finely chopped ) beef , you have to settle for either dry , gritty meat , or no browned flavor .
Then I had a thought :
Why was I bothering trying to brown the beef after I 'd chopped it ?
If browned flavor in the stew was what I was after , does it even matter when I brown the beef , as long as it ends up getting browned ?
I grabbed another batch of short ribs , this time searing them in a hot pan before removing the meat from the bone and chopping it down to its final size .
The result ?
Chili with chopped - beef texture , but deeply browned flavor .
The Beans
If you are from Texas , you may as well skip to the next section .
But if you 're like me and believe beans are as integral to a great bowl of chili as beef , if not more so , read on .
To be honest , there 's nothing wrong with canned kidney beans in a chili .
They are uniformly cooked and hold their shape well , and — at least in chili — the relative lack of flavor in canned versus dried beans is not an issue .
There are enough other flavors going on to compensate .
But sometimes the urge to crack some culinary skulls and the desire for some food - science myth - busting are so strong that I can't resist .
So we 're going to have a quick diversion into the land of dried beans .
If you have a chef ( as in " the boss , " that is , not a personal one ) ; a grandmother from Tuscany ; or an aunt from Toulouse , you may have at one point been told never to add salt to your beans until they are completely cooked , lest you prevent their tough skins from softening fully .
In fact , in some restaurants I worked in , it was thought that overcooked beans could actually be saved by salting the water .
( I assure you , whatever firmness was reattained was purely psychosomatic in nature . *)
* I know , I know — that 's what she said .
But how often have you actually cooked two batches of beans side by side , one soaked and cooked in salted water , and the other soaked and cooked in plain water ?
Chances are , never .
And now , you never will .
I present to you the results of just such a test :
Both batches of beans were cooked just until they were fully softened , with none of the papery toughness of an undercooked skin ( about two hours for both batches , after an overnight soak ) .
As you can clearly see , the unsalted beans end up absorbing too much water and blowing out long before their skins properly soften , while the salted beans remain fully intact .
The problem ?
Magnesium and calcium , two ions found in bean skins that act kind of like buttresses , supporting the skins ' cell structure and keeping them firm .
When you soak beans in salted water overnight , some of the sodium ions end up playing musical chairs with the calcium and magnesium , leaving you with skins that soften at the same rate as the beans ' interiors .
So where does the old myth come from ?
Probably the same place most culinary myths come from : grandmothers , aunts , and chefs .
Never trusted 'em , never will .
Spices
The chili - standard duo of cumin and coriander were a given , as were a couple of cloves , their medicinal , mouth - numbing quality a perfect balance for the spicy heat of the chilies , much like numbing Sichuan peppers can play off chilies in the Chinese flavor combination known as ma-la ( numb - hot ) .
I also decided to give star anise a try , in a nod to Heston Blumenthal and his treatment of Bolognese sauce .
( He 's found that , in moderation , it can boost the flavor of browned meats without making its anise - like presence known .
He 's right , as I quickly discovered . )
As for toasting , I made sure to toast the spices before grinding them .
Why ?
Toasting heats the volatile flavor compounds in the spices ' cells , causing them to change shape , recombine , and form new , more complex aromas .
If you toast post - grinding , these volatile aromas are too exposed to the air .
They can easily leap right out of the spices and dissipate , leaving you with more aroma around your kitchen while you cook , but less aroma around your food when you serve it .
With the spices accounted for , the last thing was working on a cooking method .
Aside from puréeing the chilies and browning the short ribs , I saw no reason to stray far from tradition .
I sautéed onions , garlic , and oregano in rendered beef fat ( along with some fresh Thai chilies for added heat and freshness ) ; cooked down the chili purée ; deglazed with some chicken stock ( I tried a bit of beer , but found the flavor too distracting ) ; added the beef , its bones , and the soaked beans , along with some tomatoes ; and simmered it all until it was done .
So how'd it taste ?
Great .
But not that great .
Dessert Chili ?
So how could I add complexity ?
If my chilies already had distinct aromas of coffee and chocolate , could there be any harm in adding real coffee and chocolate to play up those flavors ?
After all , chocolate is a common ingredient in many true south - of - the - border chili blends ( like mole negro ) , and coffee is commonly used as a bitter flavor enhancer in sweet and savory dishes alike .
I made a new batch incorporating one ounce of unsweetened chocolate and a tablespoon of finely ground dark - roast espresso beans into my chili purée , which instantly bumped up its complexity and bitterness .
Although chocolate aromas were readily detectable during the first few minutes of cooking , the scent quickly dissipated , providing subtlety as the chili cooked .
Almost there .
The only thing remaining was to address meatiness .
Rounding Up the Usual Suspects : Umami Bombs
In the last few months , ever since I started my experimentation with turkey burgers , the only things I 've kept closer by my side than my meat grinder and my wife are my jars of Marmite , soy sauce , and anchovies — three umami bombs that can increase the meatiness of nearly any dish involving ground meat and / or stews .
Adding a dab of each to my chili purée boosted my already - beefy short ribs to the farthest reaches of meatiness , a realm where seared skinless cows traipse across hills of ground beef , darting in and out of fields of skirt steak , stopping only to take sips of rivers overflowing with thick glace de viande ...
Convinced that I had finally reached the pinnacle of my chili - centric existence , I ladled up a bowl for myself , noting the perfectly intact , creamy beans ; the good mix of finely chopped beef and robust beef chunks ; and the deep - red sauce .
Inhaling deeply , I stopped and suddenly thought of penne alla vodka , the once - ubiquitous dish that enjoyed a brief moment of stardom in the 1980s — when all the red - sauce joints decided they wanted to be pink - sauce joints — before realizing that the 1990s do n't like pink .
Why did this mysteriously enter my head at such a critical moment of introspection ?
It all has to do with something called an azeotrope .
It 's a curious fact that although water boils at 100 °C ( 212 °F ) , and alcohol boils at 78.5 °C ( 173 °F ) , a mixture of alcohol and water will boil at a lower temperature than either pure alcohol or water on its own .
You see , alcohol and water are a bit moleculist ( the molecular equivalent of a racist ) , but only a bit , meaning they stick with their own kind just a bit tighter than with each other .
So , when the water and alcohol are mixed , an individual water molecule is further away from other water molecules , making it much easier for it to escape and vaporize .
Likewise for the alcohol .
So what 's this got to do with chili ?
All of this aroma - building serves no purpose whatsoever unless those aromas reach your nose , right ?
So after cooking the chili , my goal should be to get as much of the aroma out of the bowl and into the air as possible .
I reasoned that by adding a couple shots of hard liquor — say , some vodka , bourbon , or tequila — I 'd not only help the alcohol - soluble flavor compounds in the chili reach my nose and mouth more efficiently , but , because of the mixture 's azeotropic nature , I 'd actually help the water - soluble compounds vaporize more efficiently as well .
It worked like a charm , and , after a thorough tasting of vodka , Scotch , bourbon , and tequila , in the name of good science , I came to the conclusion that they 're all good .
Long Island iced chili , anyone ?
This may all seem long and tedious to do in one shot , and , I admit , even I sometimes prefer doing things the short , easy , and less flavorful way .
But the beauty of multi-step recipes is that even if you change only one thing in your routine — adding chocolate and coffee to your mix , grinding spices after toasting instead of before — the results should be better , and is n't better food what it 's all about ?
Get the Recipe The Best Chili Ever View Recipe »
All products linked here have been independently selected by our editors .
We may earn a commission on purchases , as described in our affiliate policy .
Young people in London are getting the chance to get their hands on an ID card , the lucky so - and - sos .
The next stage of the Home Office 's attempts to get the cards accepted is to target those privacy - disregarding , Facebook - obsessed youths in the capital .
People aged between 16 and 24 years old who hold a current or recently expired passport can apply for a card from 8 February .
Using the same lines as in Manchester , where the pilot was started , young people are told the card will help them buy booze , cigarettes , mucky movies , travel to Europe and even open a bank account .
Of course there are other ways to prove you are old enough to buy booze without handing over £ 30 , all your personal details and a promise to always keep them up - to - date .
But the Home Office is today blaming partying youths for wantonly throwing their passports around while out drinking .
Half of all passports belong to people under 30 , we are told , and " a tenth of those are lost by people using them as ID on a night out . "
That works out at 15,000 lost passports a year , according to a Home Office spokesman .
Here 's hoping London youths have more luck using the cards than recent travellers , who were prevented from boarding ferries and planes because their card was not considered good enough ID . ®
Georgia Divorce Lawyer
For more than 25 years , Alpharetta divorce lawyer Ron Dobelstein has successfully represented clients facing legal challenges .
Mr. Dobelstein is licensed in Georgia and Florida , and represents clients in both states .
He practices in in State and Federal Court , Ronald E. Dobelstein is also a state certified Divorce Mediator and Arbitrator , and a panelist on the American Arbitration Association .
Mr. Dobelstein and a supportive legal team dedicate themselves to protecting his clients ’ interests , in partnership with the people he represents .
Ron ’s goal is to reach an optimum result for his clients , with efficiency .
The Firm brings years of experience to all clients and helps them in an ethical and professional manner , while representing their best interest .
The goal is to get his clients a good result .
We handle many different legal matters , including all areas of Uncontested and Contested Divorce , Paternity and Legitimation , Adoption , Prenuptial and Postnuptial Agreements , Mediation , Child Custody and Visitation , Alimony / Spousal support , Child Support and Modification of existing court orders .
Additionally , we represent clients in need of a Will and / or Trust , construction law matters such as those related to construction liens , Business and Construction Litigation .
We also handle commercial and business law matters , as well as matters of personal injury law .
The choice and selection of courts and alternative dispute resolution forums are important .
Mr. Dobelstein ’s experience in each forum will help you went through the legal system .
When you talk with Alpharetta divorce attorney Ron Dobelstein about the legal matters that affect you , you can expect that :
He will help you understand that process .
We will give you a timeline of when motions will be filed , when discovery and temporary hearings will occur , when we will mediate or go to trial .
You will be included in the entire process with direct communication with Mr. Dobelstein .
He will help you understand alternatives and their ramifications about all aspects of your case .
You will understand views on your case from each side and most importantly potential and likely outcomes from the trier of fact .
You will be presented with alternatives in making decisions and understand the considerations for each alternative .
He will help you understand potential outcomes .
Because we have extensive experience , we know what typically happens in cases like yours .
We can talk with you .
He will discuss financial concerns .
Financial concerns are always considered .
To help with the decision - making process , we will help you weigh the financial , psychological and spiritual costs along with the benefits and determinants of various legal action .
Together , we will determine a plan of action that poses the greatest benefit and the most cost - effective methods .
Fee and cost arrangements are discussed and agreed at the beginning of the representation and there are no surprises .
He will keep you involved .
We will send you copies of all correspondence , and no major decisions will be made without your say .
Instead , Alpharetta divorce lawyer Ron Dobelstein will keep you involved at each step of the way so that you can be a critical part of the decision - making process .
In addition to copies of all pleadings and correspondence , the client receives a monthly statement indicating services performed for the preceding month .
The decision of whether to settle or proceed to trial is always yours — never your attorney's .
I believe the practice of law is a profession , not a business .
– Ron Dobelstein
For comprehensive legal counsel in a number of practice areas , please contact us at 770- 408-7020 or toll free at 866-408-7020 .
The Alpharetta , Georgia , law office of Ronald E. Dobelstein , P.C. , can provide you with skilled legal support in all of your business and personal legal needs .
See Adam Frank 's recent book , The Constant Fire : Beyond the Science vs. Religion Debate , and the companion blog to the book .
Things were not looking so good for alien life in 1976 , after the Viking I spacecraft landed on Mars , stretched out its robotic arm , and gathered up a fist - size pile of red dirt for chemical testing .
Results from the probe ’s built - in lab were anything but encouraging .
There were no clear signs of biological activity , and the pictures Viking beamed back showed a bleak , frozen desert world , backing up that grim assessment .
It appeared that our best hope for finding life on another planet had blown away like dust in a Martian windstorm .
What a difference 33 years makes .
Back then , Mars seemed the only remotely plausible place beyond Earth where biology could have taken root .
Today our conception of life in the universe is being turned on its head as scientists are finding a whole lot of inviting real estate out there .
As a result , they are beginning to think not in terms of single places to look for life but in terms of “ habitable zones ” — maps of the myriad places where living things could conceivably thrive beyond Earth .
Such abodes of life may lie on other planets and moons throughout our galaxy , throughout the universe , and even beyond .
The pace of progress is staggering .
Just last November new studies of Saturn ’s moon Enceladus strengthened the case for a reservoir of warm water buried beneath its craggy surface .
Nobody had ever thought of this roughly 300 - mile - wide icy satellite as anything special — until the Cassini spacecraft witnessed geysers of water vapor blowing out from its surface .
Now Enceladus joins Jupiter ’s moon Europa on the growing list of unlikely solar system locales that seem to harbor liquid water and , in principle , the ingredients for life .
Astronomers are also closing in on a possibly huge number of Earth - like worlds around other stars .
Since the mid-1990s they have already identified roughly 340 extrasolar planets .
Most of these are massive gaseous bodies , but the latest searches are turning up ever - smaller worlds .
Two months ago the European satellite Corot spotted an extrasolar planet less than twice the diameter of Earth ( see “ The Inspiring Boom in Super - Earths ” ) , and NASA ’s new Kepler probe is poised to start searching for genuine analogues of Earth later this year .
Meanwhile , recent discoveries show that microorganisms are much hardier than we thought , meaning that even planets that are not terribly Earth - like might still be suited to biology .
Together , these findings indicate that Mars was only the first step of the search , not the last .
The habitable zones of the cosmos are vast , it seems , and they may be teeming with life .
The Solar System Habitable ZoneOne of the guiding tenets in the search for life as we know it ( the only kind we can meaningfully speculate about ) is that it requires water .
Until recently , that rule led scientists to think only in terms of places just like home : temperate , rocky planets with bodies of liquid water on their surfaces .
From there it was a simple matter to calculate where such worlds could exist within our solar system .
“ If you define a habitable zone in terms of favorable climate , you get a pretty narrow band of orbits around the sun , ” says Greg Laughlin of the University of California at Santa Cruz .
“ You can move the Earth inward toward the sun a couple of percent or move it outward by at most about 30 percent before the climate runs into a serious problem . ”
From this perspective , there is no other promising location for life in our solar system .
Even if many other stars have solar systems too , planets that happen to orbit in just the right place to support life could be pretty rare .
That would be a depressing end to the story of habitable zones , if not for a series of amazing findings that life on Earth is not what everyone thought it was .
“ No one really expected it , ” says Chris McKay , one of the pioneers of astrobiology — the hybrid field that studies how life could arise and evolve elsewhere in the universe .
“ People found strains of bacteria that do n’t use food from the surface , do n’t use oxygen from the surface , and do n’t use sunlight from the surface . ”
These newly revealed life - forms , called extremophiles , thrive in conditions so harsh a biologist 50 years ago would not have dreamed it possible .
Giant tube worms , crabs , and shrimp live in the dark , a mile below the ocean surface , huddled around superheated geothermal vents .
These vents are known as black smokers for the plumes of dark hydrogen sulfide they belch into the ocean .
The organisms around them survive off chemicals from the vents in an ecosystem that operates without photosynthesis .
To McKay , these creatures are not the most exciting types of extremophiles , how­ever .
“ They still rely on oxygen that is indirectly created by sunlight , ” he says .
Far more compelling are the bacteria that have been found thriving deep underground .
One type lives five miles deep in the bowels of South African gold mines .
“ These creatures get their energy from sources we never imagined , ” McKay exclaims .
“ The South African extremophile bacteria are powered by the radioactive decay of unstable atoms in the rocks .
Sunlight and surface water play no role .
It ’s amazing ! ”
Extremophiles feeding on nonsolar energy sources show how alien life might similarly arise and thrive deep underground , far from surface water and sunlight .
“ Habitable planets do n’t need to be like Earth , ” McKay says .
“ That realization has driven the biggest expansion in our understanding of habitable zones . ”
By happy coincidence , the discovery of extremophiles coincided with new studies showing that the solar system might have many previously unexpected warm , wet locations .
In the 1990s the Galileo space probe collected convincing evidence that Jupiter ’s large moon Europa has a global ocean of liquid water beneath its frozen surface .
( NASA just announced plans to return there in 2027 to get a better look . )
The recent discovery of the geysers on Enceladus added a second twist , making planetary scientists wonder if there are even more such hot spots scattered around the solar system .
These locations lack sunlight and access to the surface — but apparently some kinds of life do nicely without either .
“ When you take the discovery of liquid water below the surface of Europa and Enceladus and put it together with our understanding of terrestrial extremophiles , ” McKay says , “ you can see why the definition of ‘ habitable zone ’ had to change . ”
The Galactic Habitable ZoneAstrobiologists ’ new , grander view of habitability gets even more expansive when they look out to the galaxy around us .
The Milky Way contains perhaps 200 billion stars .
Now that we know a significant fraction of stars have planets , that number translates into ( as Carl Sagan might say ) billions and billions of worlds .
Red dwarf stars , which are by far the most common stars in our galaxy , were once considered unlikely places to find Earth - like planets , but new studies contradict that view .
And the extremophiles tell us that life could potentially take hold even on planets not much like our own .
All of that is the good news .
But things are not quite so simple , because galaxies — like solar systems — have habitability zones of their own .
Not all parts of a galaxy are suited to life .
In 2004 astrobiologist Charley Lineweaver of Australian National University published a paper that broadly mapped out our galaxy , the Milky Way , with an eye toward possibilities and dangers for alien biology .
In this case , the crucial factor is not the presence of water ; it is the proximity of violent , massive stars .
Image courtesy of ESO | 2 Mass / J. Carpenter , M. Skrutskie , R. Hurt
The galaxy ’s brightest , hottest , heaviest stars turn out to be crucial for both planets and biology .
They are the universe ’s only source of crucial heavy elements like silicon ( which makes up more than a quarter of Earth ’s crust ) , potassium ( essential for the action of cells ) , and iron ( which carries oxygen in our blood ) .
These elements are forged in the stars ’ fiery nuclear furnaces .
Massive stars end their lives with supernova explosions that spray the heavy elements into space , where they are incorporated into the next generation of stars and help seed the formation of planets .
In thinking about the galactic habitable zone , Lineweaver made the presence of heavy elements his prime criterion .
The rate at which massive stars form drops sharply as you venture outward from the Milky Way ’s center , and the abundance of heavy elements falls with them .
Line­weaver calculates that when the sun formed 4 billion years ago , the outer third of the galaxy lacked enough heavy elements to support life .
Since then the elements have become more widely distributed , and now only the galaxy ’s outer rim is too undernourished to form Earths easily .
Our location , about two - thirds of the way toward the Milky Way ’s stellar rim , lies at the center of the currently life - friendly region of the galaxy ; the inner part of the galaxy turns out to be hostile to life too .
A supernova seeds space with the elements of life .
| NASA /ESA
Massive stars give , but they also take away — and that puts the inner limit on the galactic habitable zone .
The supernova explosions that create and spread heavy elements also unleash a torrent of high - energy radiation : gamma rays , X - rays , and ultraviolet light .
Those stellar explosions can have lethal effects on planets orbiting stars even tens of light - years away .
In the crowded central regions of the galaxy , home to large numbers of massive stars , supernovas are so common that the evolution of complex life - forms might be difficult if not impossible .
The big question is how bad the supernova effect is .
Lineweaver and his colleagues calculate that radiation poisoning could exclude the inner 20 percent of the Milky Way , which encompasses about half of all the stars in the galaxy .
“ You are looking for that sweet spot , ” says Fred Adams of the University of Michigan , “ where you are not so close to the center that conditions are hostile and not so far out that the metal abundance is too low . ”
But the Milky Way is huge , so Adams suggests putting things in perspective .
“ At worst the amount of galactic real estate favorable to life is reduced by a factor of two or three , ” he says .
The amount of real estate that is off - limits depends heavily on how life responds to strong doses of radiation .
Remarkably , we may already have good information about that locked away in the fossil record right here on Earth .
Every 62 million years , something bad happens to Earth ’s biodiversity , ” says Adrian Melott of the University of Kansas .
“ Paleontologists have built up large data sets of all the animals in the fossil record .
With these data you can look to see how biodiversity changed with time . ”
His provocative studies , backed by the work of other groups , show that drops in biodiversity — sometimes indicating mass extinctions — seem to follow a periodic cycle .
Melott links the changes in biodiversity to the motion of the sun and planets through our galaxy .
“ As the sun orbits the Milky Way , it also bobs up and down , rising above the plane of the disk and then diving below it , ” he says .
“ Every time the sun rises up and pokes out of the ‘ north ’ side of the galaxy ’s disk , our biodiversity goes way , way down . ”
He notes that the Milky Way ’s north side points toward the Virgo cluster , an enormous nearby gathering of galaxies .
Our galaxy ( and , by extension , our planet and ourselves ) is falling toward Virgo at about 120 miles per second .
According to Melott , as the Milky Way plows through intergalactic material , a powerful shock wave forms ahead of it .
Shock waves create energetic subatomic particles called cosmic rays , which can tear apart biomolecules and damage DNA beyond repair .
Normally the galaxy ’s magnetic fields protect us from that radiation .
Every 62 million years , though , the sun bobs up above the disk into the danger zone , Melott finds .
“ When the sun pokes up above the galaxy ’s plane on the north side , ” he says , “ the entire planet gets a giant dose of cosmic rays . ”
All stars follow a similar bobbing motion as they move through the galaxy , but ones in the inner regions do so at a faster pace , which may bolster Lineweaver ’s view that those regions are less likely to contain complex life .
Then again , a certain amount of radiation is a part of life — in fact , an essential part .
Radiation helps drive mutation , and mass extinctions clear the way for evolutionary change .
That view tends to bolster Adams ’s optimistic outlook .
“ We want enough radiation to pose a challenge and spur development of new life - forms but not so much as to sterilize the whole planet , ” Melott concludes .
The Temporal Habitable ZoneMelott ’s hypothesis about mass extinctions shows how habitable zones may be measured not just in space but also in time .
It turns out that “ when ” is just as important as “ where ” for the existence of life .
Supernovas come into play here , too .
When the universe emerged from the Big Bang , it consisted almost entirely of hydrogen and helium .
Good luck trying to make a planet , much less a person , out of that .
Carbon , oxygen , iron , and the like had to wait for stars — especially the massive ones — to form and create heavier elements via nuclear fusion .
Those processed elements escaped in stellar winds or supernova explosions and then got picked up by subsequent generations of stars .
Building up the elements needed for life this way takes billions of years .
The entire universe was , therefore , a nonhabitable zone for perhaps the first few billion years of its 13.7 - billion - year history .
Once the universe is full of heavy elements , the tables turn and the mortal nature of stars becomes a limitation .
The sun , a medium - size star , is about halfway into its total lifetime of 10 billion years .
In another 5 billion years it will swell into a red giant and either consume our planet or bake its surface to concrete .
Even sooner , in as little as a billion years , the sun ’s gradually increasing luminosity may make Earth unbearable for life .
Brighter , more massive stars , which guzzle their nuclear fuel more quickly , may burn out too quickly to allow complex life to evolve .
Fortunately , the realization that dim red dwarf stars could potentially support Earth - like planets greatly stretches out the temporal habitable zone .
The dimmest , most economical of those stars might live 10 trillion years , a thousand times as long as the sun .
Then again , current studies suggest that the universe will probably expand forever .
If so , the cosmos as we know it — full of stars and , maybe , full of life — will be a fleeting moment in an endless duration of cold , dark nothingness .
Feeling grim again ?
Do n’t worry ; the latest physics theories point to yet another habitable zone that would allow life to go on long after the last star has expired .
The Multiverse Habitable ZoneThese days , the largest habitable domain to consider is no longer our universe but the hypothetical universe of universes , what cosmologists call the multiverse .
After our universe has gone black , perhaps another ( or many others ) will carry on life ’s flame .
The idea that our universe — everything we can observe , including the laws of physics that shape it — is just one among a vast ensemble may seem the stuff of science fiction , but cosmologists build multiverse models using a theory called inflation .
Inflationary cosmology , currently the dominant model of the early universe , holds that the entire observable cosmos began as a speck within a far larger ( perhaps infinite ) existence emerging from the Big Bang .
Within 10 ^- 30 second after the moment of creation , this speck underwent a period of hyper - rapid expansion — hence “ inflation ” — becoming everything we see today .
As bizarre as this model sounds , it has some reasonable observational support .
Some cosmologists go further and argue that inflation could also happen in other places and at other times , when these other bits of creation break out , undergo their own inflation , and become separate pocket universes .
Physicists call this multiplication of reality “ eternal inflation . ”
It leads to an almost limitless number of separate universes , each with its own laws of physics .
( This dovetails with the equally weird predictions from string theory , a model of fundamental physics that suggests there could be something like 10 ^500 different sets of laws . )
“ In some of these universes the force of gravity might be stronger or weaker than our own , ” Fred Adams says .
“ In others the electromagnetic force that controls atoms and molecules could be different .
The consequences for the formation of life in these different kinds of universes might be dramatic . ”
Although there is no evidence for these multiverses , that has not stopped theorists from speculating about them .
In our universe the laws of physics seem precisely calibrated to allow the existence of long - lived stars , planets with stable orbits , and molecules that allow complex chemistry .
All of these seem to be prerequisites for life .
“ One of the things people always ask about is the behavior of stars in alternate universes , ” Adams says .
“ If you have universes where stars ca n’t form , then it ’s likely those would be pretty sterile places . ”
Adams took this question seriously and began a study of alternative physics and its effect on the existence of stars .
“ I decided to do an actual calculation , ” he says .
“ Could I get all this speculation down to a well - posed problem ? ”
Each of the four fundamental forces ( gravity , electromagnetism , and the strong and weak nuclear forces ) has a kind of theoretical knob that can be turned up or down to change its strength .
“ I decided to calculate a bunch of theoretical stellar models , looking to see what range of forces gave me working stars , ” Adams continues .
The results surprised a lot of people .
“ Many people claim that only a minute fraction of bub­ble universes would have the right conditions to harbor life , ” Adams says .
His calculations found instead that functioning stars would be more resilient to variations in physics than anyone expected .
Since stars are a prerequisite for life , the findings could indicate far more possibilities for viable habitats .
Fully a quarter of his models led to long - lived stars , but with an important caveat .
Adams cannot say how probable any given strength of gravity or electromagnetism would be in a randomly chosen pocket .
“ What you need is to fold what I have done into a probability distribution across the multiverse , ” he says .
In other words , we need to know the statistics of variation in the laws of physics of pocket universes — and in inflationary cosmology there is no principle that guides the choice of physics in each of them .
Lee Smolin , a theoretical physicist at the Perimeter Institute for Theoretical Physics in Waterloo , Ontario , has a controversial idea that makes some testable predictions about those other universes .
In the process , he makes the case for habitability look even better than Adams inferred .
During the early 1990s Smolin proposed a multiverse model that differs strongly from inflationary cosmology ’s pocket universes .
His model focuses on the way that black holes warp space and time .
Since the 1960s some theorists have floated the idea that when a massive star collapses into a black hole , it gives rise to a new universe .
Smolin is building on that concept .
Black - hole - generated universes differ from the ones associated with eternal inflation in an important regard .
With inflation there is no connection between the physics of one universe and that of another .
The black - hole model , Smolin argues , strongly trends to certain types of physics .
“ Any universe that produces more black holes will create more daughter universes , ” he says , “ and its physics will be passed on to those daughters . ”
As a result , there should be a process analogous to natural selection favoring universes whose physics leads to the formation of more black holes .
Such universes should dominate the multiverse .
Smolin ’s model has two notable advantages .
First , it explains why our universe has the physical laws that it does , since universes like ours that can create the massive stars that produce black holes are strongly selected .
Second , it explains why our physical laws allow life to exist :
The elements that permit the existence of stars happen to be the same ones that allow the existence of our kind of biology .
Actually , there is a third advantage .
Smolin claims his black - hole multi­verse hypothesis can be tested .
Since universes that give rise to the largest number of black holes have the most offspring , our universe should be optimal for making black holes .
Smolin ’s predictions , including ideas about cosmological inflation and the mass of the heaviest stable neutron star , have held up so far .
“ The theory is falsifiable , ” he says .
“ If observations come out contrary to my predictions , then the idea is wrong . ”
But if Smolin is correct , we inhabit not just a universe but an entire multiverse that may be teeming with life — a habitable zone unbound .
See Adam Frank 's recent book , The Constant Fire : Beyond the Science vs. Religion Debate , and the companion blog to the book .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement A Nasa satellite designed to uncover hidden cosmic objects has blasted off from California .
The Wide - field Infrared Survey Explorer ( Wise ) blasted off from Vandenberg Air Force Base on a Delta II rocket just after 1409 GMT .
It will pick up the glow of hundreds of millions of astronomical bodies .
The probe is expected to uncover objects that have never seen before , including some of the coolest stars and the most luminous galaxies .
The $ 320 m mission will do this by scanning the entire sky in infrared light with a sensitivity hundreds of times greater than ever before .
Viewing the sky with " infrared glasses " can lift a veil on many objects that are not visible to the naked eye .
Now we 're ready to see the infrared glow from hundreds of thousands of asteroids , and hundreds of millions of stars and galaxies
Ned Wright , UCLA " All systems are looking good , and we are on our way to seeing the entire infrared sky better than ever before , " said William Irace , the mission 's project manager at Nasa 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory ( JPL ) in California .
The satellite will also have a role in planetary protection :
Wise will be able to detect some of the darkest near - Earth asteroids and comets .
This would help efforts to determine whether any of these objects could strike Earth in the near future .
Engineers acquired a signal from the spacecraft just 10 seconds after the spacecraft separated from the rocket .
Approximately three minutes later , Wise reorientated itself with its solar panels facing the Sun to generate its own power .
Super cool
Wise is cooled by a chamber of super - cold hydrogen .
Because the instrument sees the infrared , or heat , signatures of objects , it must be kept at chilly temperatures .
Its coldest detectors operate below - 266C .
" Wise needs to be colder than the objects it 's observing , " said Ned Wright of the University of California , Los Angeles ( UCLA ) , the mission 's principal investigator .
" Now we 're ready to see the infrared glow from hundreds of thousands of asteroids , and hundreds of millions of stars and galaxies . "
Wise will cast a wide net for astronomical objects of interest
With the spacecraft stable , cold and communicating with mission controllers , a month - long process of check - out and calibration is underway .
Wise joins two other infrared missions in space : Nasa 's Spitzer Space Telescope and the European Space Agency 's Herschel Space Observatory .
This mission is different from those others in that it will survey the entire sky .
It is designed to cast a wide net to catch a variety of objects of interest .
Wise will target dim objects called brown dwarfs .
These are effectively failed stars , which have not gathered up enough mass to ignite .
Brown dwarfs are cool and faint , and nearly impossible to see in visible light .
Mission scientists expect the spacecraft to uncover many hundreds .
This could double or triple the number of star - like objects known within 25 light - years of Earth .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Twice a month we revisit some of our reader favorite posts from throughout the history of Phototuts +.
This tutorial was first published in October , 2009 .
This tutorial will show you how to " scan " your film using a Digital SLR .
The reason for using a digital camera instead of a film scanner is to save money and ensure that your film is safe .
A good film scanner is not cheap , so the investment is only worth it if you scan a lot of film .
Your other option would to have your film scanned by a lab , but many people are not comfortable sending off film in the mail .
We 're the first to admit that this technique wo n't give the same quality result as a professional scanner .
That said , it 's a fantastic idea and a great way to easily convert your negatives to digital images at home .
What you need
Before getting started , it 's worth checking that you have everything required for the process :
A digital SLR
A piece of raised glass , such as a glass coffee table or a picture frame , set on top of books or boxes to raise it up .
A piece of glossy photo paper without writing on the back .
Generally off brands do n't have any writing on the back .
An off camera flash or a very bright desk lamp .
A tripod .
Macro lens recommended but not required .
Photoshop or another graphics editing package .
Step 1
First , you will need the glass surface that we will be shooting on .
I used a glass coffee table , but a picture frame can be equally useful .
To set up the picture frame simply take out the photo and backing to leave the glass and frame .
Next , you will need to find something to use as a stand to set the frame on .
Try using some books or boxes .
The glass will need to be about 1 ft. ( 30 cm ) high .
Step 2
Now that we have our shooting surface , it 's time to set up the camera and tripod .
The lens you are using will determine how close to the glass you will need to be ; if you are using a macro lens you may need to be several feet away , whereas with something like an 18 - 55 mm you may need to be very close .
No matter what lens you are using , the goal is to fill as much of the frame with the photo on the film as possible .
The most important step when setting up the camera is making the plane of the digital sensor parallel to the glass surface .
The best way to do this is to extend the back leg of the tripod more than the front two , so that the camera is directly over the glass .
Beware that if you extend it too much the tripod will become unstable and could fall over !
Step 3
Now you will need a piece of photo paper without any writing on the back .
It does n't need to be a large piece , a 4x6 is fine .
Place the photo paper on the glass directly below your camera .
Now place your film on the photo paper .
You will probably need to use something to hold it down - two rolls of fill should do the trick .
When positioning it , try not to slide the film around as it could cause scratches and damage .
Step 4
For this step , you can use an off - camera flash or a very bright desk lamp .
Be careful when using a continuous light as they create a large amount of heat that may damage your film .
Place your light under the glass , pointing directly up at the film .
If you are using a flash you will need to do some testing to find the right settings .
The aim is to have the white photo paper slightly over exposed .
I used 1/2 power on my Canon 430EX at about 1 ft. away .
You will need to set your camera to the manual mode now .
Your aperture is the most important setting for this , it should be around f.7.1 .
Shutter speed is not quite so vital - somewhere around a 1/10 or 1/20 should work .
You should set your ISO as low as possible to reduce any noise or distortion .
You 're then ready to shoot your film !
Step 5
Open your image in Photoshop .
If the photo is not orientated correctly , select Image > Rotate Canvas and make the required change .
Step 6
Duplicate the background layer by pressing Command - J on Mac or Control - J on Windows .
This is not necessary , but a good habit to get into so as to preserve the original image .
Step 7
If you are not working with a negative skip this step .
With the duplicated layer selected press Command - I on Mac or Control - I on Windows to invert the image .
Step 8
If you are not working on a black and white image , skip this step .
Go to Image > Adjustments >
Desaturate to ensure that your image is black and white and all colour is removed .
Step 9
Select the crop tool and delete all of the measurements at the top .
Step 10
Drag the crop tool around your photo , but do n't worry about lining up the edges perfectly just yet .
Step 11
Align one of the corners of the crop as closely as possible to the corresponding corner of the photo .
You can use the arrow keys to nudge it into place .
Step 12
In the center of your crop there is a small circle - the pivot point that the crop rotates around .
Click and drag the pivot point to the corner that you aligned in the last step .
The pivot point should snap to the corner .
Step 13
Next , we will rotate the crop to line up with the photo .
With your mouse , go to one of the neighboring corners of the pivot point and move your mouse just outside of the crop to see a curved arrow .
Click and drag until the side between the pivot point and the side you are rotating lines up with the edge of the photo .
Step 14
Now adjust the rest of the crop to fit the photo by clicking and dragging the squares in the middle of the sides .
Press enter when you have your crop where you want it .
You can then export the image to your favourite photo library application , or send it off to order a few prints !
Conclusion
This technique may not be replacing film scanners any time soon , but it 's a great alternative if you do n't need to scan large quantities of film .
If you 'd like to see a few examples of the results it can give , these three images were scanned using the technique :
Have fun , and let us know if you have a similar technique of your own !
California butterflies are reeling from a one - two punch of climate change and land development , says an unprecedented analysis led by UC Davis butterfly expert Arthur Shapiro .
The new analysis , scheduled to be published online the week of January 10 in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , gives insights on how a major and much - studied group of organisms is reacting to the Earth 's warming climate .
" Butterflies are not only charismatic to the public , but also widely used as indicators of the health of the environment worldwide , " said Shapiro , a professor of evolution and ecology .
" We found many lowland species are being hit hard by the combination of warmer temperatures and habitat loss . "
The results are drawn from Shapiro's 35 - year database of butterfly observations made twice monthly at 10 sites in north - central California from sea level to tree line .
The Shapiro butterfly database is unique in science for its combination of attributes : one observer ( which reduces errors ) , very long - term , multiple sites surveyed often , a large number of species ( more than 150 ) , and attendant climatological data .
Shapiro 's co-authors include three other UC Davis researchers and two former Shapiro graduate students , including lead analyst Matthew Forister , now an assistant professor of biology at the University of Nevada , Reno .
Their most significant findings :
Butterfly diversity ( the number of different species present ) is falling fast at all the sites near sea level .
It is declining more slowly or holding roughly constant in the mountains , except at tree line .
At tree line , butterfly diversity is actually going up , as lower - elevation species react to the warming climate by moving upslope to higher , cooler elevations .
Diversity among high - elevation butterflies is beginning to fall as temperatures become uncomfortably warm for them and , Shapiro says , " There is nowhere to go except heaven . "
Using a battery of statistical approaches , Shapiro and his colleagues concluded that climate change alone cannot account in full for the deteriorating low - elevation numbers .
Land -use data show that the butterfly losses have been greatest where habitat has been converted from rural to urban and suburban types .
advertisement
He added that one of the most surprising findings was that ruderal ( " weedy " ) butterfly species that breed on " weedy " plants in disturbed habitats and are highly mobile are actually declining faster than " non-weedy " species -- those that specialize in one habitat type .
This is especially true in the mountains , where such species do not persist over winter but must recolonize every year from lower altitudes .
As their numbers drop in the valleys , fewer are available to disperse uphill , and the rate of colonization drops .
" Butterfly folks generally consider these ruderal species to be ' junk species , ' sort of the way bird watchers think of pigeons and starlings , " said Shapiro .
" So it came as a shock to discover that they were being hit even harder than the species that conservationists are used to thinking about .
" Some of the ' weedy ' species have been touted as great success stories , in which native butterflies had successfully adapted to the changed conditions created by European colonization of California .
That was the case for many decades , but habitat loss has apparently caught up with them now . "
The study was funded by the National Science Foundation .
Additional authors are : at UC Davis , research scientist James Thorne in the Department of Environmental Science and Policy , and graduate students Joshua O'Brien in the Graduate Group in Ecology and David Waetjen in the Geography Graduate Group ; at Denison University in Ohio , assistant professor Andrew McCall ; and at the University of Tennessee at Knoxville , assistant professor Nathan Sanders and associate professor James Fordyce ( another former Shapiro student ) .
The Shapiro database is online at http://butterfly.ucdavis.edu.
It includes butterfly observations and study site maps , together with climate data from nearby weather stations , descriptions of study sites and habitats , and numerous photos .
The 10 survey sites lie along Interstate 80 and range from low - lying Suisun Marsh on San Francisco Bay to 9,103 - foot - high Castle Peak near Donner Summit .
The database was made public in 2007 , also with funding from the National Science Foundation .
" JAPAN CLOSE - UP " , August 2002 , published by PHP
By Masaomi Ise The Japanese Language BrainBy Masaomi Ise
They Can't Hear the Insects ?
Our story begins with the visit of Professor Tadanobu Tsunoda of Tokyo Medical & Dental University to Havana , Cuba , in January 1987 to attend the 1st international seminar titled " Central Nervous System Disease Physiology and Compensation . "
Cuba was still under embargo and Prof. Tsunoda was the only participant from a western nation .
There was a reception on the night before the seminar began , with many scientists from eastern bloc nations in attendance .
A Cuban man was delivering a fervent speech in powerful Spanish .
But Prof. Tsunoda was distracted by the extremely loud sound of insects that enveloped the meeting hall .
Realizing that even in January Cuba was hot , Prof .
Tsunoda asked someone around him what kind of insect it might be , but no one could hear the insects but him , while to Prof .
Tsunoda it sounded like a loud outburst of cicadas or crickets !
When the reception finally ended at about 2 o'clock in the morning , Prof.
Tsunoda made his way back with two young Cubans .
On the quiet night streets , he could hear the same insect songs as before , but even louder now .
Prof. Tsunoda pointed out many times the places in the bushes where he could hear the insects singing , but though the two would stop and stand still to listen intently , they could n't hear anything .
They just looked at him rather strangely , and said he must be tired so have a good night .
Prof. Tsunoda met with the two Cubans every day for some activity or another , but not until the third day did the man finally notice the insects ' noise .
He did n't seem much interested , however .
The woman never did hear the insects during the whole one week seminar .
To the doctor it seemed that the hearing of Japanese people and hearing of foreigners had to be very different .
Left Brain , Right Brain
Based on this difference in the sense of hearing , Prof. Tsunoda set out to research the physiological difference between the brains of Japanese and of the other races .
The results of his research led to a surprising discovery .
The human brain is divided between the left and right spheres , with each having different functions .
The right brain is called the music sphere , because it is where the sounds of music , machinery and noise is processed .
The left brain is called the language sphere , because it processes sound logically and intellectually , namely being where the spoken word is comprehended .
Up to this point Japanese are the same as Westerners .
But Prof. Tsunoda found a difference in the location where the sound of insects is processed .
His experiments revealed that while Westerners process insect sounds together with machinery and noise sounds in the music sphere , Japanese capture insect sounds in their language sphere , meaning that Japanese hear insect sounds as " insect voices . "
For the Cubans , if one were used to hearing the loud insect singing that filled the meeting hall as the ordinary background noise , they would not even be conscious of it .
This is the same phenomenon as living for many years next to a railroad and growing so accustomed to the noise that we would n't even notice a train passing by .
But since Japanese hear insect sounds in the same language sphere as they hear human voices , we can't let insect sounds just go by as part of the background noise .
The fervent speech in Spanish and the loud insect singing were in direct competition in the left brain of Prof. Tsunoda .
This unique characteristic is only found among Japanese and Polynesian people , while Chinese and Koreans exhibit the same pattern as Westerners .
What is even more interesting is the fact that Japanese whose mother tongue is a foreign language follow the Western pattern , while foreigners whose first language is Japanese follow the Japanese pattern .
So this phenomenon is not a matter of " hardware , " or the physical structure of the brain , but an issue of software , namely what language was learned first as a child .
Right or Left Brain Experiments
Before examining this difference further , let 's take a quick look at the experimentation that proved these results .
The actual nerves that run from the human ear to the brain cross over , so that sound data from the right ear goes into the left brain , and vice versa .
When different melodies are played at the same time into the right and left ears , which melody does the person hear ?
The person always recognizes the melody that he heard in his left ear better .
This is how we know that the right brain , namely the left ear , is better at music .
Similarly , if different words are spoken simultaneously into the right and left ears , the right ear , namely the left brain , has better recognition .
That is way we almost always put the telephone receiver to our right ear .
There are other more complicated ways to test this , but this is the most fundamental experimentation method .
Using this method and many different types of sounds to find the difference between the left and right brains , it was shown that Japanese and Westerners alike heard music , machinery and noise sounds in the right brain and language sounds in the left brain , but Japanese heard vowels sounds , crying , laughing and sighing , the cries of insects and animals , waves , wind , rain , running water and Japanese musical instruments in the left brain , the same as language , while Westerners heard these sounds in the right brain together with music and noise .
Insect Sounds in America ?
Speaking of insect sounds , I had the following experience .
While driving through the mountains about two hours ' inland from Boston far from human habitation , I came upon a beautiful spot , so I stopped the car to take a rest .
I heard insects calling loudly even though it was broad daylight .
While I was listening to their sounds , I suddenly remembered that I never heard the sound of an insect while I lived in California for four years .
Even in desert - dry California there is plenty of greenery along the coasts .
But in my mind 's eye , for some reason the woods that I can picture there were always completely silent .
I could n't ever remember hearing a noisy burst of crickets , or the insects that sing in the long nights of autumn .
What first comes to mind for Americans when they think of insects are mosquitoes , flies and bees , namely pest insects .
There are still bees in America , but you hardly ever see flies or mosquitoes .
That 's why when you occasionally see a fly , you feel that you must be in a very unsanitary place .
Where did these " enemies of civilized life " all disappear to ?
Also , words that are used to define insects also tend to have bad connotations .
The word " insect " when used about a person means " worm , good - for - nothing , " while the word " bug " means ' " annoy , " and is also used to mean a software error , as in " programming bug . "
If all insects are pests , and all their songs are just heard as noise , then it would n't be strange to think that Americans have used the same poisons they used to eradicate the fly and mosquito to indiscriminately destroy all the other species .
The Culture to Be Heard in Insect Sounds
In contrast , in Japan there is a whole culture to be heard in the sounds of insects .
Even today there are websites devoted to images of crickets and recordings of their songs , and there are countless books about how best to keep them .
The nursery rhyme " Insect Voices " is an example of how the art we hear in insect sounds is familiar to us from childhood .
Oh , the matsumushi cricket is singing
Chin-chiro , chin-chiro , chin-chiro-rin
Now the suzumushi bell - ring cricket is starting to sing
Rin rin rin rin ri-in rin
Calling out through the long autumn nights
Oh how beautiful are the insects ' voices !
All the different kinds of insects like matsumushi and suzumushi sing with different kinds of chirps .
We can imagine the Japanese view of nature that says both humans and insects as part of all living creatures have " voices " and " feelings . "
The unique characteristic of Japanese people that hears insect sound and human voices in the same language sphere of the brain is very well reflected in our culture .
Dogs Say " Wan -wan , " Cats Say " Nya-nya "
Prof . Tsunoda 's discovery also showed that besides insect sounds , Japanese also heard other animals ' cries , plus the sound of waves , wind , rain and bubbling brooks in the language sphere .
In Japanese , brooks say " sara - sara , " waves say " zabu - n , " rain says " shito - shito , " and wind says " byu - byu - . "
Prof.
Tsunoda 's discovery is in line with the ancient Japanese view of nature that sees gods living in every natural being , from mountains to rivers and seas , with man being no more or less than one of these natural beings .
The fact that this type of onomatopoeia is so highly developed is a special characteristic of the Japanese language .
Maybe it is only natural for children who have been taught these onomatopoeia words from the beginning to learn to process all nature 's sounds including insects and animals as language .
Or , did these onomatopoeia developed so richly precisely because we started out processing natural sounds in the language sphere ?
Either way , the physiological characteristic of Japanese to hear natural sounds in the language sphere of the brain , and the linguistic characteristics of the Japanese language which has highly developed onomatopoeia , together with the Japanese view of nature which finds gods residing in all natural beings , are all very well represented within the Japanese psyche .
Not the Man but the Language
The significant part of Prof. Tsunoda 's discovery is that the Japanese pattern of hearing nature sounds in the language sphere is not a matter of ancestry , but rather dependent on whether Japanese was the first language learned .
Data collected from 10 South Americans of Japanese ancestry shows an extreme example of this .
Nine of these 10 ethnic Japanese had either Spanish or Portuguese as their first language , and their brains all fell under the Western pattern .
The only one who exhibited the Japanese pattern was a girl who had received a thorough education in Japanese language from her father and did n't understand a word of Portuguese until she was 10 years old .
She then entered a Brazilian grammar school and stayed in Brazilian schools through university , but she was still the only one who exhibited the perfect Japanese pattern of processing natural sounds in the language sphere .
On the other hand , Koreas and Chinese follow the Western pattern , but Koreans and Chinese who live in Japan and learned Japanese as their mother tongue all follow the Japanese pattern .
This very likely means that the Western pattern or the Japanese pattern have nothing to do with race but rather with the difference in the mother tongue .
We should not say " Japanese brain " but " Japanese language brain . "
In Prof .
Tsunoda 's studies so far , the only language he has found with the same pattern as Japanese is Polynesian .
Difference Gives Rise to Creativity
But what significance does this difference in brain function thus attributed to the Japanese language have for us ?
Dr. Hideki Yukawa , a scholar of theoretical physics , had this to say in a conversation with Prof. Tsunoda .
" In other words , Japanese have often been said to be somewhat emotional .
In contrast to ( Westerners who are ) rational , that Japanese were said to be more emotional may well have been structural , functional or cultural , but the fact that there actually was a difference that applied in that instance has been made clear by Professor Tsunoda 's research .
In that case , my thinking is that our direction should be to take advantage of that difference .
Instead of worrying whether the difference makes us better or worse , we should put that difference to work for us�c .
From difference rises creativity .
The roots of inferiority toward the West run deep among the Japanese people , but to see ourselves and our differences in that manner acts only to further deepen that inferiority complex .�h
�gFrom difference rises creativity " coming from Dr. Yukawa , who won the Nobel Prize for his highly creative meson theory , these words have great weight .
The difference in the Japanese language brain is contributing to increased diversity of the human race , and our culture , which turns its ears to hear each insect 's voice , can be seen as a creative response to human life that can enrich and enliven all of human culture .�h
The respectful outlook toward nature that turns one 's ears to the voices of all living beings is a valuable hint as to how to live in harmony with all the living beings on our Spaceship Earth .
It is our duty as Japanese toward the rest of the world to make a conscious effort to study the Japanese language brain that we have inherited in order to make better use of our natural creativity .
This article is adapted from the mail magazine �gJapan on the Globe.�h Masaomi Ise is editor - in - chief of the magazine .
URL : http://come.to/jog
Secret Banking Cabal Emerges From AIG
Shadows
By David Reilly
Jan. 29 ( Bloomberg ) —
The idea of secret banking cabals that control the country and global economy are a given among conspiracy theorists who stockpile ammo , bottled water and peanut butter .
After this week ’s congressional hearing into the bailout of American International Group Inc. , you have to wonder if those folks are crazy after all .
Wednesday ’s hearing described a secretive group deploying billions of dollars to favored banks , operating with little oversight by the public or elected officials .
We ’re talking about the Federal Reserve Bank of New York , whose role as the most influential part of the federal - reserve system — apart from the matter of AIG ’s bailout — deserves further congressional scrutiny .
The New York Fed is in the hot seat for its decision in November 2008 to buy out , for about $ 30 billion , insurance contracts AIG sold on toxic debt securities to banks , including Goldman Sachs Group Inc. , Merrill Lynch & Co. , Societe Generale and Deutsche Bank AG , among others .
That decision , critics say , amounted to a back - door bailout for the banks , which received 100 cents on the dollar for contracts that would have been worth far less had AIG been allowed to fail .
That move came a few weeks after the Federal Reserve and Treasury Department propped up AIG in the wake of Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. ’s own mid-September bankruptcy filing .
Saving the System
Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner was head of the New York Fed at the time of the AIG moves .
He maintained during Wednesday ’s hearing that the New York bank had to buy the insurance contracts , known as credit default swaps , to keep AIG from failing , which would have threatened the financial system .
The hearing before the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform also focused on what many in Congress believe was the New York Fed ’s subsequent attempt to cover up buyout details and who benefited .
By pursuing this line of inquiry , the hearing revealed some of the inner workings of the New York Fed and the outsized role it plays in banking .
This insight is especially valuable given that the New York Fed is a quasi - governmental institution that is n’t subject to citizen intrusions such as freedom of information requests , unlike the Federal Reserve .
This impenetrability comes in handy since the bank is the preferred vehicle for many of the Fed ’s bailout programs .
It ’s as though the New York Fed was a black - ops outfit for the nation ’s central bank .
Geithner ’s Bosses
The New York Fed is one of 12 Federal Reserve Banks that operate under the supervision of the Federal Reserve ’s board of governors , chaired by Ben Bernanke .
Member - bank presidents are appointed by nine - member boards , who themselves are appointed largely by other bankers .
As Representative Marcy Kaptur told Geithner at the hearing : “ A lot of people think that the president of the New York Fed works for the U.S. government .
But in fact you work for the private banks that elected you . ”
And yet the New York Fed played an integral role in the government ’s bailout of banks , often receiving surprisingly free rein to act as it saw fit .
Consider AIG .
Let ’s take Geithner at his word that a failure to resolve the insurer ’s default swaps would have led to financial Armageddon .
Given the stakes , you might think Geithner would have coordinated actions with then - Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson .
Yet Paulson testified that he was n’t in the loop .
“ I had no involvement at all , in the payment to the counterparties , no involvement whatsoever , ” Paulson said .
Bernanke ’s Denials
Fed Chairman Bernanke also was n’t involved .
In a written response to questions from Representative Darrell Issa , Bernanke said he “ was not directly involved in the negotiations ” with AIG ’s counterparty banks .
You have to wonder then who really was in charge of our nation ’s financial future if AIG posed as grave a threat as Geithner claimed .
Questions about the New York Fed ’s accountability grew after Geithner on Nov. 24 , 2008 , was named by then - President - elect Barack Obama to be Treasury Secretary .
Geither said he recused himself from the bank ’s day - to - day activities , even though he never actually signed a formal letter of recusal .
That left issues related to disclosures about the deal in the hands of the bank ’s lawyers and staff , rather than a top executive .
Those staffers did n’t want details of the swaps purchase to become public .
New York
Fed staff and outside lawyers from Davis Polk & Wardell edited AIG communications to investors and intervened with the Securities and Exchange Commission to shield details about the buyout transactions , according to a report by Issa .
That the New York Fed , a quasi - governmental body , was able to push around the SEC , an executive - branch agency , deserves a congressional hearing all by itself .
Later , when it became clear information would be disclosed , New York Fed legal group staffer James Bergin e-mailed colleagues saying : “ I have to think this train is probably going to leave the station soon and we need to focus our efforts on explaining the story as best we can .
There were too many people involved in the deals — too many counterparties , too many lawyers and advisors , too many people from AIG — to keep a determined Congress from the information . ”
Think of the enormity of that statement .
A staffer at a body with little public accountability and that exists to serve bankers is lamenting the inability to keep Congress in the dark .
This belies the culture of secrecy obviously pervasive within the New York Fed .
Committee Chairman Edolphus
Towns noted during the hearing that the bank initially refused to disclose even the names of other banks that benefited from its actions , arguing this information would somehow harm AIG .
‘ Penchant for Secrecy ’
“ In fact , when the information was finally released , under pressure from Congress , nothing happened , ” Towns said .
“ It had absolutely no effect on AIG ’s business or financial condition .
But it did have an effect on the credibility of the Federal Reserve , and it called into question the Fed ’s penchant for secrecy . ”
Now , I ’m not saying Congress should be meddling in interest - rate decisions , or micro-managing bank regulation .
Nor do I think we should all don tin-foil hats and start ranting about the Trilateral Commission .
Yet when unelected and unaccountable agencies pick banking winners while trying to end - run Congress , even as taxpayers are forced to lend , spend and guarantee about $ 8 trillion to prop up the financial system , our collective blood should boil .
( David Reilly is a Bloomberg News columnist .
The opinions expressed are his own . )
Researchers at Brown tested the three theories explaining how outfielders judge fly balls .
It turns out to be a matter of optical acceleration cancellation .
Credit : David Silverman / Brown University
( PhysOrg.com ) --
Faced with a fly ball soaring deep into center field during the 1954 World Series , New York Giants center fielder Willie Mays turned his back on the ball , ran straight to the center field fence and caught the ball over his shoulder .
" The Catch " is among the best - known images in all of sports .
How did Mays do it ?
Did he predict where and when the ball was going to land just from seeing it hit ?
How does any outfielder actually catch a fly ball ?
Brown University researchers have concluded that prediction has little to do with catching a fly ball .
By using a virtual environment in which volunteers ran after computer - generated fly balls , researchers were able to confirm one of three major theories about how baseball players catch fly balls :
It 's a matter of optical acceleration cancellation .
Instead of predicting the ball 's likely landing point , the outfielder 's eyes continuously track the ball as its visual velocity increases or decreases , and the outfielder runs backward or forward to compensate .
" The Catch " is famous precisely because fielders rarely turn their back on the ball .
Mays may have added luck to the equation .
Details are online at the Journal of Vision .
" All the fielders need to do is track this optical variable and it will lead them to a successful catch , " said William H. Warren , professor of cognitive and linguistic sciences at Brown and the paper 's senior author .
" They do n't have to do a lot of heavy computation in their heads to predict the landing point . "
Warren collaborated on the paper with lead author Philip W. Fink , a former postdoctoral associate at Brown who is now lecturer in exercise and sport science at Massey University in New Zealand .
Co-author Patrick S. Foo , another former postdoctoral associate , is now assistant professor of psychology at the University of North Carolina - Asheville .
Warren said that understanding how outfielders catch fly balls might help coaches advise ballplayers and teach children how to play baseball , but the significance of the finding goes well beyond baseball .
" This is a classic example of visual - motor control , because the limits of human ability are really being tested , " Warren said .
" If we can understand these key cases , it gives us some insight into how visual control works in more everyday situations . "
The finding is contrary to currently popular models of visual - motor control that assume people have a model of the world and its physical laws in their heads , Warren said .
In conducting the research , Fink , Foo and Warren wanted to test three major theories of how an outfielder catches a fly ball :
The mental model of trajectory .
Outfielders rely on subconscious internal models of the physical world to calculate the ball 's trajectory and predict its landing point .
Linear optical trajectory .
Outfielders run in such a way that their visual image of the ball appears to form a straight line .
Optical acceleration cancellation .
First published in 1968 , the theory proposed that the outfielder tracks the elevation angle of the ball after it is hit .
If the angle accelerates , the ball will land behind the ballplayer ; if it decelerates , the ball will land in front .
The fielder moves forward or backward to compensate .
Eight varsity baseball players and four varsity softball players took part in the study , fielding " virtual " fly balls in Brown 's Virtual Environment Navigation Lab .
Each wore a head - mounted display that allowed them to see the virtual ball as it was launched , and they ran freely in the 40 - by - 40 - foot research space to make their virtual catches .
Their movements were consistent with the optical acceleration cancellation theory .
Conducting the research virtually allowed Warren and the team to test the three theories by making the ball fly on a physically impossible trajectory .
They then recorded the subjects ' head and glove positions to figure out how they were trying to catch the ball .
While all three models can predict successful catches and similar running paths , the digitally altered or physically impossible trajectories included in this research show that baseball players continuously track the ball and run forward or backward to cancel optical acceleration .
" Catching is clearly a perceptual motor skill that you have to learn , " Warren said , " but it does raise interesting questions about why some people are so much better at it than others . "
Warren said some individuals may have a greater sensitivity to visual acceleration or may use it to calibrate their movements more precisely .
Explore further Limitations of human visual system hinders goalkeepers from predicting free kicks
Priest Advises Flock to Shoplift
British priest Tim Jones has advised the poor in his congregation to shoplift or steal from big businesses if they have run out of options to legally get cash .
The parish priest of Saint Lawrence and Saint Hilda in York said on his sermon last Sunday , December 20 , that stealing from large chain stores is sometimes the best option open to vulnerable people .
He said that this is better rather than stealing from small and / or family - run businesses and far more better than people resorting to mugging or prostitution .
The Archdeacon of York is quick to respond .
“ The Church of England does not advise anyone to shoplift ” .
The North Yorkshire Police meanwhile has declared his sermon as “ highly irresponsible . ”
This is not the first time that the married , father - of - two priest has made the news .
In May 2008 , he made a protest against stationery aimed at children that were branded with Playboy .
He went to the local shops and threw those merchandises on the floor .
For the full detail of his statements , click here for the BBC report .
The 31st running of the Dakar Rally is being held in South America for the second year , instead of the traditional African route , due to ongoing security concerns .
This year 's race began and will end in Buenos Aires , covering a looping 9,000 kilometers between Argentina and Chile over 14 stages .
362 Teams began the race with 176 motorcycles and quad bikes , 134 cars , and 52 trucks .
The race is just over halfway completed now , the winners expected to cross the finish line on January 16th .
Collected here are several photographs from the first 8 stages of this year 's rally .
( 37 photos total
The Rangers ’ problems are of their own making .
More to the point , they fall more on the doorstep of general manager Glen Sather and coach John Tortorella than they do at the skates of the players who simply do not possess the necessities to compete at a high level .
Sather is responsible for a roster filled with players under contracts that are unmovable .
Tortorella is fingered here not because of his uneven work behind the bench , but because of his hand in personnel decisions that seemed to be guided exclusively by his preference for speed and skill players at the expense of size and strength .
The Blueshirts ca n’t make a meaningful trade because they can’t afford to move the few assets other teams actually want .
To wit : The Post has learned Sather recently offered young Hartford defenseman Bobby Sanguinetti to the Coyotes in exchange for young , talented and underachieving center Peter Mueller .
BROOKS ON TWITTER
But Phoenix general manager Don Maloney , who had a hand in drafting Sanguinetti 21st overall in 2006 when serving as Sather ’s assistant , did n’t bite .
Maloney , we ’re told , instead countered with a request for either Brandon Dubinsky or Ryan Callahan .
Of course he did .
Of course the Rangers could not agree to the request .
Of course no one wants anyone ( or will return value ) for anyone Sather is looking to deal .
The CBA grants big - market , high - revenue teams one advantage .
It permits teams to cure cap ills by sending high - priced players to the AHL .
It is the only way out .
Yet , for reasons known only within the Garden ’s executive offices , the Rangers have yet to avail themselves of this remedy .
The Rangers will never win anything with Michal Rozsival either on the roster or in the lineup .
The veteran defenseman , who was given a four - year , $ 20 million free agent deal immediately following a horrid 2007 - 08 , is now in the midst of his third straight terrible season .
Rozsival was dreadful from start to finish in Wednesday ’s embarrassing 2 - 1 overtime defeat in Chicago .
And yet when the Rangers made a move yesterday , it was to dispatch freshman Matt Gilroy to the AHL Wolf Pack .
This is the path of least resistance .
It is the path most traveled by Sather and the Rangers .
Perhaps the GM is too stubborn to admit to his mistake regarding Rozsival , even as it plays out on the ice to thousands of pairs of eyes .
Perhaps he lacks the gumption to tell CEO Jim Dolan that Cablevision must pony up millions to a minor leaguer .
Or perhaps Dolan will not permit Sather to send expensive mistakes to Hartford .
But regardless whether it ’s Public Option A , B or C , the result is the same .
A player with an unmovable contract who has no business playing for the Rangers , is playing for the Rangers .
He is playing for the Rangers because Tortorella wo n’t scratch him .
The coach will scratch Aaron Voros or Enver Lisin , all right , but not Rozsival .
Accountability apparently is a fleeting concept .
It is n’t only Rozsival , of course .
Wade Redden has been somewhat better than last season , but in the way a two - car collision is less damaging than a 12 - vehicle pileup .
When this season ends , Redden will have four more years to go on his deal that chews up $ 6.5 million of space annually .
Chris Drury has a no - move clause in his contract that carries an annual $ 7.05 million cap hit .
But his sharp decline is every bit as much a factor in the Rangers ’ issues as are Rozsival and Redden .
That ’s unmistakable .
Sather and Tortorella have constructed a broken roster that is already breaking down .
There is only one way out .
It ’s called taking the road to Hartford .
Now is the time .
For if not now , when ?
larry.brooks@nypost.com
I 'm upgrading my home server to be a bit beefier , as I 've started using it for some video processing and other demanding tasks .
Along the way of configuring a new blank machine from scratch , I decided to set up disk encryption ( better safe than sorry , eh ? ) , something I 've never done for a linux server before .
I found it a bit tricky , so here 's a log , with some explanations , of what I did .
If it 's useful to you , great !
It 's geared towards the Gentoo linux distribution , as that 's what I use and love , and generally towards experts .
If you do n't understand anything below , please research it , before you try to do something like this .
Boot a recent Gentoo Minimal LiveCD .
I used install - x86 - minimal - 20091103.iso .
Anything newer than that should probably also work .
Work through the Gentoo Handbook until step 4 .
Using fdisk as described there , define one small partition ( I used 256M ) to boot from , and one more taking the rest of the drive .
This left me with : # fdisk -l / dev/sda Disk / dev/sda : 640.1 GB , 640135028736 bytes 255 heads , 63 sectors / track , 77825 cylinders Units = cylinders of 16065 * 512 = 8225280 bytes Disk identifier : 0x83e6d949 Device Boot Start End Blocks Id System / dev/sda1 1 34 273073 + 83 Linux / dev/sda2 35 77825 624856207+ 83 Linux
With that done , format the boot partition : # mke2fs / dev/sda1 mke2fs 1.41.3 ( 12 - Oct-2008 )
Filesystem label= OS type : Linux Block size =1024 ( log=0 ) Fragment size =1024 ( log=0 ) 68272 inodes , 273072 blocks 13653 blocks ( 5.00 % ) reserved for the super user First data block =1 Maximum filesystem blocks =67633152 34 block groups 8192 blocks per group , 8192 fragments per group 2008 inodes per group Superblock backups stored on blocks : 8193 , 24577 , 40961 , 57345 , 73729 , 204801 , 221185 Writing inode tables : done Writing superblocks and filesystem accounting information : done
This filesystem will be automatically checked every 20 mounts or 180 days , whichever comes first .
Use tune2 fs -c or - i to override .
And the encrypted partition : # cryptsetup --verify - passphrase luksFormat / dev/sda2 WARNING !
========
This will overwrite data on / dev/sda2 irrevocably .
Are you sure ?
( Type uppercase yes ) : YES Enter LUKS passphrase : Verify passphrase : Command successful .
At this point we need to set up the encrypted partition layer .
# cryptsetup luksOpen / dev/sda2 root
In order to get multiple " partitions " inside the single encrypted layer , we set up LVM .
I keep /tmp ( nosuid and no execute ) , as well as / var ( in case logs fill it up ) and / home , separate from / , so I did : # pvcreate / dev/ mapper / root Physical volume " / dev/ mapper / root " successfully created # vgcreate vg / dev / mapper / root Volume group " vg " successfully created # lvcreate -- size 1G -- name swap vg Logical volume " swap " created # lvcreate -- size 10G -- name root vg Logical volume " root " created # lvcreate -- size 1G -- name tmp vg Logical volume " tmp " created # lvcreate -- size 10G -- name var vg Logical volume " var " created # lvcreate -- extents 100 % FREE -- name home vg Rounding up size to full physical extent 573.90 GB Logical volume " home " created # vgchange -- available y 5 logical volume (s ) in volume group " vg " now active
Use vgs or vgdisplay to find out how much room you have left for the last logical volume .
Format these partitions as you like , I did : # mkswap / dev / mapper / vg - swap Setting up swapspace version 1 , size = 1048572 KiB no label , UUID=b43468c8-8652-4035-9227-6ef562975dbd # mkfs.xfs /dev/mapper/vg-root meta-data=/dev/mapper/vg-root isize=256 agcount=4 , agsize=655360 blks = sectsz=512 attr=2 ... # mkfs.xfs /dev/mapper/vg-tmp meta-data=/dev/mapper/vg-tmp isize=256 agcount=4 , agsize=65536 blks = sectsz=512 attr=2 ... # mkfs.xfs /dev/mapper/vg-var meta-data=/dev/mapper/vg-var isize=256 agcount=4 , agsize=655360 blks = sectsz=512 attr=2 ... # mkfs.xfs /dev/mapper/vg-home meta-data=/dev/mapper/vg-home isize=256 agcount=4 , agsize=37611264 blks = sectsz=512 attr=2 ...
Continue with the Gentoo Handbook , until step seven .
We need cryptsetup installed and configured properly before we build our kernel , so first emerge cryptsetup .
Now follow step seven as normal , but be sure to use genkernel .
Do not use any splash , vga or framebuffer related options ( trying to use these caused me lots of grief ) .
# genkernel -- menuconfig -- install -- symlink -- lvm -- luks all * Gentoo Linux Genkernel ; Version 3.4.10.904 * Running with options : -- menuconfig -- install -- symlink -- lvm -- luks all * Linux Kernel 2.6.28 - hardened -r9 for x86 ... * kernel : >>
Running mrproper ... * config : Using config from /etc/ kernels / kernel - config-x86-2.6.28 - hardened -r9 * Previous config backed up to .config.bak * >>
Running oldconfig ... * kernel : >>
Cleaning ... * config : >>
Invoking menuconfig ... *** End of Linux kernel configuration .
*** Execute ' make ' to build the kernel or try ' make help ' .
* >>
Compiling 2.6.28 - hardened -r9 bzImage ... * >>
Compiling 2.6.28 - hardened -r9 modules ... * Copying config for successful build to /etc/ kernels / kernel - config-x86-2.6.28 - hardened -r9 * busybox : >>
Using cache * initramfs : >>
Initializing ... * >>
Appending base_layout cpio data ... * >>
Appending auxilary cpio data ... * >>
Appending busybox cpio data ... * >>
Appending lvm cpio data ... * LVM : Adding support ( compiling binaries ) ... * >>
Appending luks cpio data ... * Including LUKS support * >>
Appending modules cpio data ... * * Kernel compiled successfully ! ...
Since you might be running genkernel again in the future , for upgrades , it might be worth looking at /etc/ genkernel.conf to set the options passed on the commandline , above .
In the config step be sure to include these kernel options statically ( not as a module ) : Device Drivers ---> [*]
Multiple devices driver support ( RAID and LVM ) --->
Device mapper support Crypt target support -*- Cryptographic API ---> *** Digest *** -*- SHA224 and SHA256 digest algorithm *** Ciphers *** AES cipher algorithms
The machine I 'm setting up has some sort of problem with grub .
I 'm not sure what , but it detects free memory incorrectly , thinks there 's 0 k available , and refuses to run anything , because 0 k is not enough room .
So at the bootloader step , this time I 'm using LILO .
So : # echo " sys-boot / lilo device - mapper " >>
/etc/portage/package.use # emerge lilo
Then , I need to properly fill out / etc/ lilo.conf , based on Handbook step 10 c .
Note the crypt_root , which is the real device , encrypted with LUKS , and the real_root which is the virtual ( LVM ) device , under the LUKS encryption layer , that we tell the kernel is the real root , after LUKS and LVM has been set up properly .
append=" init=/linuxrc dolvm crypt_root=/dev/sda2 real_root=/dev/mapper/vg-root " boot= / dev/sda compact default=gentoo lba32 prompt read - only root= / dev/ram0 timeout=50 image=/boot/ kernel initrd=/boot/initramfs label=gentoo image=/boot/kernel.old initrd=/boot/initramfs.old label=backup optional Finally , install LILO as the boot loader with : # / sbin/ lilo Added gentoo * Added backup
Do You Need Music for Healing ?
If one of your family members has special needs , there are some important things that you need to do .
It makes a lot of sense this time to take advantage of music .
If you have read some blogs , you have noticed that other people mention the capacity of music to heal .
It means that scientists have found a way out to treat ADHD and even speech disorder .
You only need to embrace the healing power of music this time .
With the right device and methods of treatment , you will never go wrong .
It is now essential for you to look for the right agency to extend that healing power to you .
It will be ideal for you to look for a professional who will really monitor the progress of your family member .
For sure , you will not enroll him on a certain program that will never promise anything tangible .
You want him to be part of a program that will change him not only in terms of speech and behavior , but with the way he looks at the world .
It takes a team that is filled with professionals to monitor his progress .
You will …
Abigail Dahlberg realized she was a success a few years ago while explaining her unusual specialty -- translating documents about waste- management issues from German into English -- to a wide - eyed listener .
“ I ’ve heard of you ! ” the man exclaimed .
“ You ’re Trash Girl ! ”
He may not have known her real name , but that did n’t bother Dahlberg , whose cheery British accent belies her reputation as an expert in all things ekelhaft .
That ’s German for “ yucky . ”
In the burgeoning world of translators and interpreters ( translators deal with written documents , interpreters with the spoken word ) it ’s all about the niche .
Advertisement
“ It ’s not just having the language skill .
It ’s also having the expertise in the subject matter , ” said Dahlberg , whose story was striking enough that Nicholas Hartmann , president of the American Translators Assn. , retold it during the group ’s 50th convention in New York last month .
For four days , some 2,300 attendees networked , traded stories and listened in on workshops and seminars at a Times Square hotel .
That ’s 1,000 more than attended last year ’s conference -- evidence that even in this economy , the industry is healthy .
Hartmann said demand for translators and interpreters is expected to grow by 15 % in the coming year as globalization , the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan and the worldwide green movement spur demand for information in myriad languages .
Advertisement
E-mail , Skype and other technologies have opened the door to cross-cultural communications , but they alone cannot bridge the language gap .
“ It ’s so easy to communicate , but once you find someone you want to communicate with , you find they do n’t speak your language , ” Hartmann said .
And as Dahlberg ’s situation shows , it ’s not enough to simply speak another language .
“ There is a wealth of knowledge and background you need in your area of specialty , ” said Dahlberg , who speaks French as well as German and English and found her niche while working for a publishing house in Germany that dealt in environmental and waste - management documents .
“ Translation is far more than words , ” said Hartmann , who specializes in translating German patents .
It requires him to understand not only the context of words and phrases , but also the technical and legal issues involved .
And his spelling has to be impeccable .
Advertisement
The slightest error can cause extraordinary embarrassment .
During a March meeting in Geneva , Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton presented a gag gift to her Russian counterpart , Sergei Lavrov .
It was a red button with a word written in Russian that State Department translators thought meant “ reset . ”
The idea was to remind Russia of America ’s hopes for resetting the nations ’ tense relations .
But when Lavrov opened the box and peered inside , he told Clinton the word on the button , peregruzka , translated to “ overcharge ” -- not the message the U.S. wanted to send .
Whether it was poor translation or a misspelling exacerbated by changing Russia ’s Cyrillic into Western lettering , the incident made headlines worldwide and was cited by conference attendees as one of the worst examples of a translation mistake .
It was also a reminder that if you ’re going to make a joke , make sure it translates well , said Kevin Hendzel , an ATA spokesman whose specialty is translating nuclear documents from Russian into English .
Advertisement
In the early 1980s , Hendzel was chief of the White House translation staff responsible for the top - secret hot line used for direct contact with the Kremlin .
He has little patience for high - level linguistic gaffes .
If a leader makes a joke that does n’t elicit laughs , Hendzel said , a good interpreter will say in the listening audience ’s language , “ It ’s a joke that does not translate -- please laugh . ”
During the George W. Bush administration , Hendzel was involved in interpreting a presidential video message to China ’s Communist -- and officially atheist -- leaders .
The message included the phrase “ God bless you all . ”
“ We took it right out , because it would have embarrassed him and made us look like idiots , ” Hendzel said .
Advertisement
His is a highly specialized niche -- Hendzel has degrees in electrical engineering , physics and Russian -- and one that will be even more in demand as countries such as Iran pursue nuclear programs .
“ Trying to find someone who speaks Farsi and knows nuclear issues . . . it ’s nearly impossible , ” he said .
Despite the fact that niche translators and interpreters are , as Hendzel put it , “ everybody ’s lifeline , ” they remain in short supply , particularly in U.S. government agencies .
The FBI said its translation workload had doubled since the Sept. 11 attacks .
Hospitals , courts , schools and other institutions are struggling to meet the needs of an increasingly diverse population .
Advertisement
But few people have the training it takes to do what can be an excruciatingly difficult job .
Hendzel , for instance , once had to translate about 275 pages of Belarusian environmental laws into English in two days .
He worked all 48 hours straight .
Some businesses try to save on translation fees by using free computer programs , but those do n’t offer the quality needed to avoid stilted and often nonsensical results .
“ It might be amusing for some people , but I find it very embarrassing , ” said Katrin Rippel , whose Menu International firm provides translation for the food and hospitality industry .
The challenges are particularly acute for interpreters who must match the often long - winded speeches of politicians and diplomats .
Advertisement
When Libyan leader Moammar Kadafi spoke for 96 minutes to the United Nations ’ General Assembly in September , his personal interpreter had to be replaced by a U.N. - provided one after about 75 minutes .
Hartmann said the usual limit for simultaneous interpretation is 20 minutes , followed by a break and then a return to duty .
Kadafi ’s interpreter , Fouad Zlitini , denied news reports that he exclaimed : “ I just ca n’t take it anymore ! ” and collapsed .
But he has acknowledged he ran out of steam during his boss ’ speech .
“ I do n’t deny , I may have asked for someone to take over , ” he told the New York Post .
Dahlberg -- who has a master ’s degree in translation and interpretation from the University of Edinburgh -- worked in Germany before moving with her American husband to Missouri in 2005 .
Now she does freelance work for , among others , companies that deal with battery recycling and sewage sludge .
“ Because the environmental field is so hot right now , I ’ve found new customers are coming to me , ” said Dahlberg , who nonetheless has a hard time explaining her specialty to laypeople .
Advertisement
“ They kind of pause for a minute and then say : ‘ Hmm , ’ ” she said .
A recent job involved translating a report on the state of Germany ’s waste plastics market .
Some words and phrases she frequently encounters include die deponie ( the landfill ) , die abfalltonne ( the trash can ) and , more recently , something familiar to Americans -- die abwrackpramie , which means “ cash for clunkers . ”
--
Advertisement
tina.susman@latimes.com
Jonathan Leake at The Sunday Times Revealed UK To Seek Change in FOI Law…… .
But that ’s not the whole story .
Recently Johnathan
Leake has been covering one story after another regarding the corruption of the IPCC process and results .
Yesterday by email , he ’s received and passed on a press release from the Norfolk police regarding the release of the Climategate emails .
This breaking news is an official recognition by the police that not only was FOI law broken but it ABSOLUTELY will NOT be prosecuted and INSTEAD the information comissioners office intends to seek a change in FOI law to prevent future intentional abuse .
Graham Smith , Deputy Commissioner , said : “ Norfolk Police are investigating how private emails have become public .
The Information Commissioner ’s Office is assisting the police investigation with advice on data protection and freedom of information .
The emails which are now public reveal that Mr Holland ’s requests under the Freedom of Information
Act were not dealt with as they should have been under the legislation .
Section 77 of the Freedom of Information
Act makes it an offence for public authorities to act so as to prevent intentionally the disclosure of requested information .
Mr Holland ’s FOI requests were submitted in 2007 / 8 , but it has only recently come to light that they were not dealt with in accordance with the Act .
The legislation requires action within six months of the offence taking place , so by the time the action taken came to light the opportunity to consider a prosecution was long gone .
The ICO is gathering evidence from this and other time - barred cases to support the case for a change in the law .
It is important to note that the ICO enforces the law as it stands – we do not make it .
It is for government and Parliament to consider whether this aspect of the legislation should be strengthened to deter this type of activity in future .
We will be advising the University about the importance of effective records management and their legal obligations in respect of future requests for information .
We will also be studying the investigation reports ( by Lord Russell and Norfolk Police ) , and we will then consider what regulatory action , if any , should then be taken under the Data Protection Act . ”
If you need anything further please contact us .
Kind regards , Gemma ICO Press Office
020 7025 7580
icopressoffice@grayling.com
www.ico.gov.uk
Of course the statute of limitations for this law makes no sense .
Bishop
Hill recently blogged on the issue .
People simply cannot be prosecuted for the British FOI law because by the time you find out about it , the moronic SIX MONTH statute of limitations has run out .
There is no way the SOL was not intentionally made to take all the teeth out of FOI .
There is more than one problem here though .
The ICO washes it ’s hands above with the statement :
It is important to note that the ICO enforces the law as it stands – we do not make it .
Initially this post was going to go through the FOI emails and point out the collusion between scientists and government officials to block FOI and the fact that there is more than one law in the UK .
But then I found in the emails this little beauty .
Email – 1219239172.txt
Keith / Tim still getting FOI requests as well as MOHC and Reading .
All our FOI officers have been in discussions and are now using the same exceptions not to respond – advice they got from the Information Commissioner .
My bold of course .
So it ’s no wonder why the ICO is keen to avoid prosecution for FOI law .
THEY ARE THE GROUP WHO RECOMMENDED IT !!
Unfortunately for Phil Climategate Jones , that ’s not the only law that was apparently broken but again the bobbies do n’t seem to care .
If you steal a stick of gum from the seat of a car , how many different laws have you broken ?
The lawyers will tell you there ’s a reason that there are so many layers of law .
I ’m unfamiliar with british law but in the US the law is so dense that it ’s hard not to commit a felony before 9am .
Initially this had to do with IPCC issues , freedom of information requests do n’t apply to an international organization such as the IPCC , but the IPCC has to do with climate …
The solution was apparently to take a very wide view of what is IPCC business .
From email 1182255717.txt
1 . Think I ’ve managed to persuade UEA to ignore all further FOIA requests if the people have anything to do with Climate Audit .
Email – 1228330629.txt
> Ben ,
> When the FOI requests began here , the FOI person said we had to abide
> by the requests .
It took a couple of half hour sessions – one at a
> screen , to convince them otherwise
> showing them what CA was all about .
Once they became aware of the
> types of people we were
> dealing with , everyone at UEA ( in the registry and in the
> Environmental Sciences school
> – the head of school and a few others ) became very supportive .
I’ve
> got to know the FOI
> person quite well and the Chief Librarian – who deals with appeals .
> The VC is also
> aware of what is going on – at least for one of the requests , but
> probably does n’t know
> the number we ’re dealing with .
We are in double figures .
>
> One issue is that these requests are n’t that widely known within
> the School .
So
> I do n’t know who else at UEA may be getting them .
CRU is moving up
> the ladder of
> requests at UEA though – we ’re way behind computing though .
We ’re away
> of
> requests going to others in the UK – MOHC , Reading , DEFRA and
> Imperial College .
>
> So spelling out all the detail to the LLNL management should be
> the first thing
> you do .
I hope that Dave is being supportive at PCMDI .
>
> The inadvertent email I sent last month has led to a Data
> Protection
Act request sent by
> a certain Canadian , saying that the email maligned his scientific
> credibility with his peers !
> If he pays 10 pounds ( which he has n’t yet ) I am supposed to go
> through my emails
> and he can get anything I ’ve written about him .
About 2 months ago
> I deleted loads of
> emails , so have very little – if anything at all .
This legislation
> is different from the FOI –
> it is supposed to be used to find put why you might have a poor
> credit rating !
>
> In response to FOI and EIR requests , we ’ve put up some data –
> mainly paleo data .
> Each request generally leads to more – to explain what we ’ve put
> up .
Every time , so
> far , that has n’t led to anything being added – instead just
> statements saying read
> what is in the papers and what is on the web site !
Tim Osborn sent one
> such
> response ( via the FOI person ) earlier this week .
We ’ve never sent
> programs , any codes
> and manuals .
> [ snipped for space ]
> Cheers
> Phil
And from email – 1210341221.txt
2 . You can delete this attachment if you want .
Keep this quiet also , but
this is the person who is putting in FOI requests for all emails Keith and Tim
have written and received re Ch 6 of AR4 .
We think we ’ve found a way
around this .
On and on , note the subject in this email :
From : Michael Mann < mann@meteo.psu.edu >
To : Phil Jones < p.jones@uea.ac.uk >
Subject : Re : IPCC & FOI
Date : Thu , 29 May 2008 08:12:02 - 0400
Reply - to : mann@psu.edu < x - flowed >
Hi Phil , laughable that CA would claim to have discovered the problem .
They would
have run off to the Wall Street Journal for an exclusive were that to
have been true .
I ’ll contact Gene about this ASAP .
His new email is : generwahl@yahoo.com talk to you later , mike Phil Jones wrote :
>
>>
Mike ,
> Can you delete any emails you may have had with Keith re AR4 ?
> Keith will do likewise .
He ’s not in at the moment – minor family crisis .
>
> Can you also email Gene and get him to do the same ?
I do n’t
> have his new email address .
>
> We will be getting Caspar to do likewise .
>
> I see that CA claim they discovered the 1945 problem in the Nature
> paper !!
>
> Cheers
> Phil
The ICO ’s position explained to Santer by Jones eml 1228922050.txt .
Ben ,
Have n’t got a reply from the FOI person here at UEA .
So I ’m not
entirely confident the numbers are correct .
One way of checking would be
to look on CA , but I ’m not doing that .
I did get an email
from the FOI person here early yesterday to tell me I should n’t be deleting emails –
unless
this was ‘ normal ’ deleting to keep emails manageable !
McIntyre has n’t
paid his £ 10 , so nothing looks likely to happen re his Data Protection Act email .
Anyway requests have been of three types – observational data , paleo data
and who made IPCC changes and why .
Keith has got all the latter – and
there have been at least 4 .
We made Susan aware of these – all came from
David Holland .
According to the FOI Commissioner ’s Office , IPCC is an
international organization , so is above any national FOI .
Even if UEA holds
anything about IPCC , we are not obliged to pass it on , unless it has anything
to do with our core business – and it does n’t !
So I thought I ’d help the ICO deal with the complex issue of finding a different law which may have been broken .
Perhaps something which has a statute of limitations longer than a five year old ’s attention span .
UPDATE : This next bit is more of a grumpy comment than anything so do n’t take it too seriously .
I ’m no lawyer but it seems possible that this link may be appropriate :
From this :
Offence : Statutory Conspiracy .
Criminal Law Act 1977
Statutory conspiracy is defined by section 1 of the criminal law act 1977 Under section 1 ( 1 ) if a person agrees with any other person or persons that a course of conduct shall be pursued which , if the agreement is carried out in accordance with their
intentions , either –
( a ) will necessarily amount to or involve the commission of any offence or offences by one or more of the parties to the agreement , or
( b ) would do so but for the existence of facts which render the commission of the offence or any of the offences impossible , He is guilty of conspiracy to commit the offence or offences in question .
Accordingly , it is an offence to agree to commit any criminal offence even one which is tryable only summarily .
However , by section 4 a conspiracy to commit a summary only offence can only be prosecuted by or with the consent of the director of public prosecutions .
( PhysOrg.com ) --
New research from scientists at Queen Mary , University of London shows how the most common type of children 's brain cancer can arise from stem cells .
Scientists know relatively little about medulloblastomas or why some cases respond better to treatments than others .
The new research , published today in Oncogene , shows that medulloblastomas can grow from a type of brain stem cell and that these cancers are a distinct form of the disease which may require a completely different approach to treatment .
Medulloblastomas account for one in five of all children 's brain tumours .
They are most common in children between the ages of three and eight but they can also affect young adults .
Silvia Marino , Professor of Neuropathology at Queen Mary , University of London , led the study .
She said : " This type of brain tumour can pose a great challenge to doctors .
In some children , treatment works well but in others the cancer is aggressive and far harder to treat .
" As scientists we 've been trying to understand how these cancers which look the same can behave so differently .
" This study is a major advance for us because it shows for the first time that some of these tumours develop from endogenous stem cells .
" This is important for two reasons .
First , it could help us to tell which cancers will respond well to treatment and which will need a more aggressive therapy .
Second , this new understanding could help us to find much - needed new drugs for the disease . "
Previous research has shown that human brains contain a small number of stem cells - called neural stem cells - which enable the brain to repair itself to some degree .
Professor Marino and her team studied equivalent cells taken from mouse brains .
They found that two particular genes called Rb and p53 , which are already known to play a role in cancer , could malfunction in these cells and allow the cells to grow uncontrollably .
They also found that in mice , these cells turned into medulloblastomas .
The researchers then looked more closely at the genetic makeup of these tumours and found a particular pattern which they compared with tumours taken from patients with medulloblastomas .
They found that patients whose tumours also had this genetic pattern were those with the worst survival chances .
The researchers believe that their findings are a crucial first step in understanding the most aggressive form of this disease .
They can now begin to look for new ways to tackle the disease in a more effective and possibly less toxic way .
Explore further Stem cells and cancer : Scientists investigate a fine balancing act
More information : Cerebellar stem cells act as medulloblastoma - initiating cells in a mouse model and a neural stem cell signature characterizes a subset of human medulloblastomas , Sutter R , et al , Oncogene , 2010 , 1- 12
TV in the 2000s : The Decade in Whedonism – 10 Small Screen Masterpieces from Joss Whedon
Like an awful lot of film and TV geeks , and just plain geeks , I ’m a pretty big Joss Whedon fan .
In fact , my devotion to his unique blend of fantasy and science fiction melodrama , sometimes arch old - school movie - style witty dialogue blended with Marvel comics repartee , strong characterization , and often somewhat silly plots has at times gotten almost embarrassing .
A few years back some of my very adult friends were suggesting in concerned tones that I should really marry the man if I love him so much .
More recently , I thought my fandom was under relative control .
But now , I ’ve been asked my opinion on the ten best examples of small - screen work in this decade from the creator and guiding force of “ Angel , ” “ Firefly , ” the already canceled “ Dollhouse , ” and , of course , “ Buffy , the Vampire Slayer . ”
I only have to be thankful for the fact that first four seasons of “ Buffy , ” which contain most of that show ’s greatest episodes , are disqualified because they appeared on TV sets before 2000 .
We take our mercies where we find them .
( And , yes , if you ’re about to catch up with these on DVD , there are a fair number of spoilers below for the various series , though I ’ve tried to keep a few secrets . )
One word of warning : my relative ranking of these shows is a matter of mood and borders on the random .
In other words — do n’t hold me to these choices !
Out of competition :
“ The Body ” ( “ Buffy , the Vampire Slayer ” ) –
This episode usually ranks extremely high when people make these kind of lists .
Entertainment Weekly named it as pretty much the best thing Joss Whedon has ever done and maybe the best TV thing ever .
The truth of the matter is that , yes , the episode where Buffy Summers ( Sarah Michelle Geller ) discovers the already cold body of her mother , Joyce ( Kristine Sutherland , a wonderful asset to the show for the five previous years ) , dead from an entirely natural brain tumor , was probably one of the most remarkable episodes of television ever shown , and probably the only thing I ’ve seen that comes close to capturing the essence of what it feels like when someone dies unexpectedly .
The problem was , I did n’t find it depressing ; I found it real .
I did n’t feel any more like repeating the experience than I would the death of an actual loved one .
Whedon – who wrote and directed the episode himself – deserves all the credit in the world for the brave choices he made , including shooting the episode in close to “ real time ” and not using any music .
If I have one complaint with Whedon , it ’s his tendency to close emotional episodes with , dare I say it , somewhat drippy montages .
His choice to eliminate music from the kind of “ very special ” show where other creators would lay in with three or four montages of Joyce frolicking in the woods or what have you , shows Whedon is , at heart , an outstanding filmmaker .
I ’ve never had a problem with his much - noted tendency to kill off sympathetic and / or popular characters .
It might anger some fans , but especially if you ’re dealing with inherently violent material , there ’s something morally wrong about not dealing with the fact that good people are just as mortal as bad people .
Still , I do n’t enjoy watching this episode .
If this were a movie , maybe I ’d be more in awe or eager for profundity .
However , if I ’m going to be honest , I ca n’t call “ The Body ” a favorite and I ca n’t be sure it ’s one of the “ best . ”
# 10 , Shiny Happy People ( “ Angel ” ) – Fans of the spin - off about Buffy ’s ex , the vampire - with - a - soul detective ( David Boreanaz ) , and various assembled demon- hunters and occasionally friendly demons , will be scratching their heads at this choice .
It ’s an unpopular episode from a widely and justly derided storyline involving a very weird affair between Angel ’s unbalanced super - powered teenage son from another dimension , Connor ( Vincent Kartheiser , now of “ Mad Men “ ) , and a suddenly evil Cordelia ( Charisma Carpenter ) , a former high school mean girl turned lovably complex grown - up foil for her vampire boss .
And , yeah , it was a little freaky for Cordy to give birth to a fully grown creature called Jasmine .
However , as played by the wondrous Gina Torres of the then recently - canceled “ Firefly , ” Jasmine was freaky in a good way .
A being whose god - like ability to create an instant sense of peace , happiness , and complete obedience , is somewhat set off by the fact that she ’s actually a deformed and decaying , if not entirely evil , monster who must consume people to live , she was every charismatic leader and every great screen beauty rolled into one monstrous ball .
More than anything else , “ Shiny Happy People ” reminded me of Don Siegel ’s 1956 film verson of “ Invasion of the Body Snatchers . ”
It was another believable demonstration of how we humans are only too willing to surrender our our humanity to the first apparently completely beauteous and 100 % wise being who comes along .
You know , like Oprah , only less powerful .
# 9 . “ Epitaph One ” / “ The Left Hand ” ( “ Dollhouse ” ) —
A tie for the two best episodes so far of Whedon ’s most recent , most highly problematic , and most freshly canceled , series .
Without going into what I think went awry with the show , about an immoral corporation providing semi-slave designer human beings for a very high price , these two very different episodes take creative risks that pay off in big ways .
The DVD - only , lower - budget , “ Epitaph One ” is set ten years after the events of the series and makes use of its somewhat low - fi aesthetic to create an exciting post - apocalyptic science - fiction drama that plays like a more thoughtful version of certain aspects of “ The Terminator ” ( which Whedon is famously trying to buy ) .
The episode features some especially good acting , both from guest stars like Felicia Day and series regulars like the always superb Olivia Williams and Harry Lennix .
The more glossy “ The Left Hand , ” which aired just before I started writing this , benefits from a breakneck pace , lots of prime Whedon tragicomic humor , as well as a scene - stealing guest appearance by “ Firefly ” and “ Terminator ” - alum Summer Glau as a truly messed - up techie on a soul - crushing vendetta against Eliza Dushku ‘s self - aware “ doll , ” Echo , but with a definite crush on her enemy ’s programmer .
Most of that humor I was talking comes from strong work by Fran Kranz , whose really grown into his role as seemingly 100 % amoral nerdy brain - designer - genius Topher Brink , and the amazing Enver Gkojaj as , yes , seemingly 100 % amoral nerdy brain - designer - genius Topher Brink .
( He ’s duplicated himself so he can literally be in two places at once . )
The previously unknown Gjokaj may be one reason why – canceled or not , mixed reviews and controversy or not – “ Dollhouse ” may go down in TV history .
Over the years , Whedon has shown an increasing flair for picking out shockingly good actors to populate his work in supporting roles , and Gjokaj may be one of the very best .
His chameleon - like ability to inhabit a number of highly disparate characters with complete believability and – as seen on this episode – his Alec Baldwin - like gift of mimicry , pretty much guarantees that we ’ll be hearing from this extremely accomplished young actor again very soon .
# 8. “ Serenity ” ( “ Firefly ” ) —
High on the list of reasons why Whedon ’s combination of horse opera and space opera never really had a chance to hit with audiences , the choice to air its original pilot — not to be confused with the later movie of the same name — as the final episode , and only after the show had already been canceled , is certainly among them .
Just a hair darker in its outlook than the rest of the show , this “ Serenity ” is very much in the tradition of classic movie westerns and does a marvelous job of introducing a rich cast of characters .
In particular , Captain Malcolm Reynolds ( Nathan Fillion ) is a combination of the swaggering Han Solo and the tragic , embittered Ethan Edwards of “ The Searchers ” but with a far sharper sense of humor than either and one of the best lead characters on any show , ever .
Deemed too slow and not funny enough by the network and even some fans , the episode that introduced the mostly well - intentioned thieves - for - hire of the Firefly class ship named Serenity , is perfectly calibrated , comedy - laced , action film - making of the very best kind .
# 7 . “ War Stories ” ( “ Firefly ” ) —
A brutally funny combination of violence and character - driven comedy , this episode focuses on a kind of triangle we do n’t often see in movies and TV .
Space - freighter pilot Wash ( Alan Tudyk , “ Dodgeball , ” “ 3:10 to Yuma “ ) is happily married to beautiful , ex-military , bad - ass Zoe ( Gina Torres ) , but he finds himself jealous of her old combat buddy and current companion in danger , Captain Mal .
Even if he can be convinced that there was never anything romantic between the two of them , he is desperate to somehow become a part of their unique relationship when it comes to dealing with life or death matters .
Maneuvering himself into a situation where a real danger ensues , he not surprisingly gets more than he asked for .
This episode is notable for easily the funniest believably painful torture sequence ever filmed – a bit of inspired ultra - black comedy that Whedon might not dare to have tried in the post - Dick Cheney / post “ 24 ” world .
The brilliance of the scene is accounted for not only by a great script credited to Cheryl Cain , but the top grade chemistry between Alan Tudyk and Nathan Fillion .
To this day , they are darn funny appearing together as themselves in public , but they ’ve never been better than when they were allowed to work out their issues while being electrocuted by an interplanetary criminal mastermind .
# 6 . “ Chosen ” ( “ Buffy , the Vampire Slayer ” ) – Longtime fans know that Joss Whedon has a spotty record when it comes to season openers and pilots .
However , he always seems to pull things out at the other end and delivers solid finales that leave you both satisfied and wanting more .
Happily , so far , this seems to go double for series finales .
The conclusion to Whedon ’s most popular and long - lived show is pretty much everything fans could have wanted , providing a certain amount of closure to long - standing conflicts in thrilling and kind of beautiful ways .
As Buffy and her long - time friends , who are getting a bit old to be called “ Scoobies , ” face one more battle against the original evil and witness the destruction of their hometown , not everything goes so well .
In typical Whedon fashion , a couple of beloved characters die ( though one recovered from his nasty case of being burned to a crisp quickly enough to return as a regular on the next season of “ Angel ” ) , but the overall tone is wistfully hopeful , and fully in line with the show ’s emphasis on friendship , female empowerment , and the need to tough out this thing we call human life .
# 5 – “ Not Fade Away ” ( “ Angel ” ) — “ Angel ” was always the darker , meaner cousin of “ Buffy . ”
So , naturally its conclusion is suitably more down - and - dirty and , remarkably , even better than the acclaimed wrap - up of its sister show the year prior .
Largely a fantasy - noir variation on one of Whedon ’s favorite movies , “ The Wild Bunch , ” this episode is about what happens when battle - hardened folks face an unbeatable enemy .
Sure , the staff of Angel Investigations are more morally upright than Sam Peckinpah ’s mangy hardcases , but this is still a tale about settling old scores in blood and a final battle that may be as ultimately pointless as it is noble .
Again , not everyone survives … I think .
The show ’s ending is , rather brilliantly , far from completely resolved , though the tone is much more “ Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid ” than “ The Sopranos ” finale .
In any case , Whedon ’s theme of life as perpetual struggle could n’t be more strongly underlined than by this exchange from that vampire Hope and Crosby , Angel and Spike ( James Marsters ) , as they ponder how to take on a ( mostly unseen ) horde comprised of all manner of demonic beast and humanoid .
Spike :
And in terms of a plan ?
Angel :
We fight .
Spike :
Bit more specific ?
Angel :
Well , personally , I kinda wanna slay the dragon .
Let ’s go to work .
# 4 “ Once More With Feeling ” ( “ Buffy , the Vampire Slayer ” ) —
I really love good musicals , but I really kind of hate bad ones and I can’t stand bad music .
So , when I heard that Whedon was using his vacation time to write songs for a musical episode of “ Buffy , ” I could see that it would be easy enough to make logical in the Buffyverse , where there ’s a demon available for any and all plotting needs .
I nevertheless had visions of “ Cop Rock ” dancing very badly in my head .
Directing and writing a musical is hard enough , I theorized , without the additional burden of composing all the songs yourself .
Little did I know that , while Joss Whedon may not quite be Stephen Sondheim and Elvis Costello rolled into one , he ’s a solid tunesmith whose music ranges from the silly but tuneful to the downright enchanting and delightful , with the occasional bit of modern - day schmaltz thrown in .
Still , it ’s the stunning level of humorous and dramatic invention that makes this episode such a massively enjoyable piece of work .
The plot involves a song - and - dance demon ( the great theatrical tap - dancer Hinton Battle ) infecting Sunnydale with a dangerously incendiary plague of musical - comedy .
Unusually among musical episodes , the show is very much a part of the regular series continuity .
That might have limited its appeal to curious newcomers , but the integrity it shows in respecting the internal logic of the show ’s fantasy universe while commenting good - humoredly on the musical comedy tradition , makes the show all that much weightier for regular viewers .
Whedon knows what all creators of great musicals know : all the singing and dancing in the world should never get in the way of a good story .
# 3 “ Dr. Horrible ’s Sing - a - Long Blog . ”
Sometime before the 2005 release of “ Serenity , ” I found myself at an early screening for fans , signing a birthday card to Joss Whedon .
Just above the compulsory , “ Happy Birthday ” I wrote “ Another musical ? ”
Well , it took a writer ’s strike and the burgeoning power of Web 2.0 , but my timid request was answered in high style last year with the blissfully silly and often hilarious , yet ultimately rather tragic and haunting , web - movie musical about an earnest aspiring supervillain with anti-corporate leanings ( the multi- talented Neil Patrick Harris ) .
As he strives to enter the Evil League of Evil by pleasing its rarely seen leader , Bad Horse ( “ the Thoroughbred of Sin ” ) , defeat his obnoxious superhero nemesis , Captain Hammer ( a never - funnier Nathan Fillion ) , and win the heart of an adorable activist do - gooder he chats with at the laundromat ( ‘ net star / creator Felicia Day of “ The Guild “ ) , we learn how becoming a full - fledged supervillain may create serious problems if you also want people to love you .
A true family project co-created with brothers Zack and Jed ( a musician as well as a TV writer ) , and Jed ’s then fiancee / now wife , Maurissa Tancharoen , “ Dr. Horrible ” has a low - budget comic book aesthetic that actually underlines its tale of aspiring artists of crime .
Crisply directed by Whedon , it ’s songs are some of the funniest and most haunting from a new musical you ’re likely to hear these days , if a bit less tuneful than the slicker , more Broadway - inspired music of “ Once More With Feeling . ”
A third act plot point , however , takes a chance by daring us to take the premises of the plot to their logical , poignant conclusion that some may not appreciate .
While it could be argued that the whimsical conceit might have allowed this to be one instance where Whedon did n’t actually need to keep things fictionally real by giving a cruel fate to a sympathetic character , the choice provides this brilliant mini-musical with a stronger ending and a far better set - up for the upcoming sequel than a more straightforwardly comic conclusion would have .
All in all , “ Dr. Horrible ” proves that , even if driven off the airwaves entirely , the Whedon brand at this point has a far better prognosis for a long life than most of his characters .
# 2. “ Our Mrs. Reynolds ” ( “ Firefly ” ) —
By now , you may be noticing a bit of a trend .
Yes , I love “ Firefly ” and I definitely would marry it , if only the courts would legalize man - on - TV show - marriage .
It ’s easily my favorite Whedon show and one of my favorite television shows of all time .
Sure , some of that has to do with the fact that I just love a good western , but the show truly is special even among Whedon shows .
It features the most consistently strong cast of any of any of his shows , and this episode introduces a very special , if then completely unknown , guest star with the appearance of Christina Hendricks ( “ Mad Men ” ) .
We first meet the future Joan Holloway as Saffron , an apparently shy , possibly completely submissive , member of a colony whom Mal , unaware of local customs , accidentally marries .
Written by Whedon , this fan - favorite starts out as a feminist - friendly variation on a somewhat disturbing plot thread from “ The Searchers , ” but eventually becomes something like the perfect TV - length screwball farce , only with more violence .
What more could you want ?
# 1. “ Objects in Space ” ( “ Firefly ” ) —
Unlike every single other season finale he ’s written , the de facto conclusion to “ Firefly ” resolves very little in the way of ongoing plot elements .
Indeed , it appears that fact so frustrated Whedon that it probably largely led to his determination to wrap up the story arc in more suitable fashion with the movie , “ Serenity . ”
Nevertheless , viewed on its own , this episode is my personal selection for Whedon ’s all time best work ever .
It features guest - star Richard Brooks ( “ Law & Order ” ) , who is letter perfect as Jubal Early , a coolly brutal and mentally unbalanced bounty hunter —
Whedon ’s off - kilter homage to Boba Fett , in fact — sent to recover River Tam ( Summer Glau ) , a psychotic young fugitive who has taken refuge on board Serenity .
The episode gradually boils down to a highly charged and very strange battle of wits between Early and the schizophrenic - like - a- fox Tam .
It ’s a blend of suspense , psychology , action , and odd pathos that , if you care to look , has some existential undercurrents .
( Whedon discusses those in some detail in the somewhat unusual DVD commentary he recorded for the episode . )
Still , this tale of outer space cat - and - mouse between two individuals whose life experiences has rendered them both less than whole , but more than merely human , is simply great science fiction entertainment for people who enjoy thinking a little .
If there ’s one thing I ’m bummed about from the cancellation of the show and the box office disappointment of the ensuing movie is that we may never get to see Jubal Early face off again against the Serenity crew , though a guy can always hope .
( Note to dubious viewers in light of the ending : yes , Early lives ! )
In early 2005 , Kraft Foods Inc. brushed off rumors that it would close the last U.K. factory that came with its 1993 acquisition of British chocolate maker Terry 's of York .
At a lunch for retired workers , recalls David Meeks , a third - generation Terry 's employee , a Kraft executive assured the gathering : " We 'll be here forever more . "
Months later Kraft announced it was moving all of Terry 's production abroad , ending a chocolate business that began in 1823 .
As Kraft makes similar assurances to workers at Cadbury PLC , the near 200 - year - old British confectionary it agreed to buy last week , politicians and the public here are increasingly questioning a once - accepted wisdom in this country : Britain 's openness to foreign takeovers is a good thing .
The growing discontent is the result of a years - long stretch that leaves Britain with a dwindling list of major companies to call its own .
The open - markets boom ended in a historic recession , and whole segments of U.K. commerce are now run from abroad .
HOW THE PARTIES HANDLE SETBACKS ….
Political parties are going to experience highs and lows , victories and setbacks .
And while the ebbs and flows of shifting electoral fortunes are hard to avoid , how a party responds to adversity says something about their commitments and fortitude .
With that in mind , consider a few examples from recent history .
* In 1998 , voters were unimpressed , to put it mildly , with the Republican crusade against Bill Clinton .
In the midterms , voters sent a message — in a historical rarity , the party that controlled the White House gained congressional seats in the sixth year of a presidency .
It was a stinging rebuke of the GOP and its excesses .
House Republicans responded by impeaching the president anyway .
In fact , they did so quickly , ramming impeachment through the chamber before newly - elected lawmakers could take office .
* In 2006 , voters were widely dissatisfied with the war in Iraq , and wanted to see a withdrawal .
In the midterms , the Republican majority did n’t just suffer setbacks ; they lost both the House and Senate .
It was an overwhelming rejection of GOP rule .
In response , Republicans endorsed escalating the conflict anyway , and approved funding for the “ surge . ”
* In 2008 , Democrats took the White House and expanded their congressional majorities to heights unseen in a generation .
After years of witnessing abject failure , the electorate wanted nothing to do with the GOP .
Republicans responded by changing literally nothing about their agenda , ideas , ideology , rhetoric , tone , attitude , or approach to politics .
* In 2009 , there were five congressional special elections .
Democrats won all five — including one district that had n’t been represented by a Democrat since the 1800s .
Despite frustrations about the pace of change in D.C. , voters still were n’t buying what the GOP was selling .
Republicans again responded by changing literally nothing about their agenda , ideas , ideology , rhetoric , tone , attitude , or approach to politics .
* In 2010 , Democrats lost a special election in Massachusetts .
In response , Dems are having a meltdown and seem to have gone into scream / cry / panic mode .
Many leading figures in the congressional delegation are prepared to give up on their policy agenda altogether .
The difference in the way the two parties handle setbacks is hard to miss .
Nothing conveys weakness like running for the hills at the first sign of trouble .
* edited for clarity
2:22 pm
Center for Biological Diversity
Suit to Be Filed Over Delay in Protection for Penguins Hurt by Climate Change and Industrial Fisheries
Wow .
See , this is why you do stuff .
When you do stuff , sometimes you get to do awesome stuff , sometimes with people who are awesome .
My pal Ben Schwartz has been compiling and editing the new Fantagraphics book The Best American Comics Criticism all year long ( release date : Mar 3 2010 ) .
That in itself is awesome enough .
But then I come to find that one of his blessings was to work with the incomparable illustrator Drew Friedman on the cover of said tome .
Word is Ben asked Drew – one of the most gifted conceptual realist illustrators the world has ever seen – what he thought American comics critics looked like .
And this is what he – and we – got .
Perfect .
Just perfect .
Not just objectively perfect , either .
For me , this is a rare crossing of two favorites : Drew Freidman has been blowing my mind since I first saw his stuff in the pages of Heavy Metal and National Lampoon way back in high school .
Ben Schwartz has been cracking me up since I first read him at Suck.com back in the days of dialup Internet .
Suffice it to say , I approve of this collaboration so much , I do n’t have enough thumbs to raise .
Ca n’t wait to read it .
And that ’s an important blogger telling you this .
LOS ANGELES 
The tour organizer received assurances , he says , from four gangs that they would not harass the bus when it passed through their turf .
Paying customers must sign releases warning of potential danger .
And after careful consideration , it was decided not to have residents shoot water guns at the bus and sell “ I Got Shot in South Central ” T - shirts .
Borrowing a bit from the Hollywood star tours , the grit of the streets and a dash of hype , LA Gang Tours is making its debut on Saturday , a 12 - stop , two - hour journey through what its organizer calls “ the history and origin of high - profile gang areas and the top crime - scene locations ” of South Los Angeles .
By Friday afternoon , the 56 - seat coach was nearly sold out .
On the right , Los Angeles ’s biggest jail , “ the unofficial home to 20,000 gang members in L.A. , ” as the tour Web site puts it .
Over there , the police station that in 1965 served as the National Guard ’s command post in the Watts riots .
Visit the large swath of concrete riverbed taken over by graffiti taggers , and later , drop in at a graffiti workshop where , for the right price , a souvenir T - shirt or painting can be yours .
Alfred Lomas , 45 , a former gang member and the creator of the tour ( $ 65 , lunch included ) , said this drive - by was about educating people on city life , while turning any profits into microloans and other initiatives aimed at providing gang members jobs .
The “ No Russian ” sequence from Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 2 has recently caused outrage by asking the player to take on the role of a terrorist , but The Saboteur is much less likely to cause any such stir because here you play as a good terrorist , a saboteur .
[ WARNING : contains graphic images .
NSFW ]
Penis removal is a subject that needs little explanation .
The best - known scenario is that of an abused sexual partner taking sudden revenge ( yes , John and Lorena Bobbitt are on the list ) , but the field is far wider than that , as we shall see .
This list is based on Wikipedia ’s article on penis removal , but I made extensive searches for original sources and added extra information where available .
My first draft included information about those searches and sources , but that made the list too long , so I had to cut some items short .
Some of these cases are verified fact , some are unverified and some are dubious at best , so please take a dose of healthy skepticism before reading .
And one word of advice for anyone considering removing their own or anyone else ’s penis : Don’t .
15 Songphong Nammwan Thailand
“ Angry Thai Women Lead the World in Penis Slashings ” reads the headline of one internet report of a phenomenon known colloquially as “ feeding the ducks ” .
A more sedate source , Australia ’s ABC Radio , explained the situation as follows : “ Thai men and women are increasingly at odds over an ages old custom of Thai men keeping a second wife …
Twenty years ago , the crime of penicide came to public attention in Thailand with the report of an angry wife cutting off the penis of her philandering husband and feeding it to her ducks .
It ’s an act that has now become widespread among Thai women seeking revenge against their unfaithful partners . ”
They interviewed 42 - year - old policeman Songphong Nammwan , whose wife had cut off his penis and thrown it into a sewer .
Feeding the ducks is popular because it removes the possibility of reattachment .
14 Kim Tran ’s boyfriend USA
On 19 February 2005 , 35 - year - old Kim Tran , of Anchorage , Alaska , cut off the penis of her 44 - year - old boyfriend , who was married to her aunt .
They had argued over his refusal to leave her aunt , then engaged in sexual relations , during which she tied his hands to a window handle above their bed and severed his penis with a knife , then flushed it down the toilet , where it stuck .
She drove him to the hospital , then returned home to clean up .
Police attended and , learning of the flushing , called water utility workers , who retrieved the penis .
It was rushed to the hospital and successfully reattached .
She was charged with assault and tampering with evidence .
I could not find any news about her trial or sentence .
13 Name unknown China
In early 2005 , a 44 - year - old Chinese man suffered a “ penile defect as a result of an unfortunate traumatic accident ” .
He was left with a stump one centimeter long and could not urinate in a standing position or have intercourse .
“ His quality of life was affected severely . ”
On 20 September 2005 a team of doctors at Guangzhou General Hospital , led by Dr Weilie Hu , successfully transplanted a penis “ donated ” by the parents of a brain - dead 22 - year - old man .
After 10 days he was able to urinate smoothly in a standing position , but his capability for sexual intercourse was never tested , because four days later , “ because of a severe psychological problem of the recipient and his wife , the transplanted penis was cut off ” .
12 Nelu Radonescu Romania
In October 2004 , Nelu Radonescu underwent routine surgery for a testicular malformation in Bucharest , Romania .
In the middle of the operation , Dr Naum Ciomu , a urologist and lecturer in anatomy , lost his temper after he accidentally cut the man ’s urinary channel .
He “ overreacted ” , sliced off the patient ’s penis , placed it on the operating table , chopped it into small pieces and stormed out of the operating theatre .
During his trial for grievous bodily harm he told the court that it was a temporary loss of judgement due to personal problems .
He was found guilty , given a one - year jail sentence ( suspended on certain conditions ) , suspended from practicing medicine for three years and ordered to pay EUR125,000 in damages .
The patient ’s penis was reconstructed ( presumably by another surgeon ) using tissue from his arm .
11 Bernd Jürgen Brandes Germany
On 9 March 2001 , Armin Meiwes severed the penis of Bernd Brandes in Rotenburg , Germany , then killed him .
The two met through a website called The Cannibal Cafe after Meiwes advertised for “ a well - built 18 to 30 - year - old to be slaughtered and then consumed ” .
Brandes went to Meiwes ’ home , where he encouraged Meiwes to bite his ( Brandes ’s ) penis off .
Meiwes was unable to , so used a knife to remove it .
Brandes tried to eat some of his own penis raw , but could not because it was too “ chewy ” .
Meiwes sautéed the penis but burned it .
He chopped it up into chunks and fed it to his dog .
Meiwes then read a Star Trek book for three hours while Brandes was bleeding to death in the bath .
Meiwes gave him alcohol , pain killers and sleeping pills .
Finally , he kissed him once and killed him by stabbing him in the throat .
Meiwes then stored body parts in his freezer and ate up to 20 kg of Brandes ’ flesh over the next 10 months .
He was arrested in December 2002 , after a tip - off by a college student who had seen new advertisements for victims and details of the killing on the Internet .
Investigators searched Meiwes ’ home and found the body parts and a videotape of the proceedings .
( The tape has has been viewed by journalists but never made public . )
Meiwes was convicted of manslaughter and sentenced to eight and a half years in prison .
Prosecutors appealed , and he was retried , convicted of murder and sentenced to life imprisonment .
While in prison , he has become a vegetarian .
10 Name unknown China
In 1994 , the Chinese newspaper Guangxi Daily reported that a man from Henan province was fined 3,000 yuan after his wife gave birth to her third child ( a son , after two daughters ) , in violation of China ’s “ one child ” laws .
The father supposedly made a joke about the high cost of finally having a male heir , saying : “ A 3,000 yuan fine just for this little penis !
We should just cut it off . ”
This prompted the two daughters to cut off the infant boy ’s penis with a paring knife and leave him to bleed to death while their father was away tending the fields .
Upon his return , the father flew into a rage and clubbed the two girls to death with a shovel , then committed suicide by drinking insecticide .
His wife “ went into hysterics upon seeing the calamity , running naked through the streets screaming the names of her dead husband and children ” .
9 John Wayne Bobbitt USA
On 23 June 1993 , Lorena Bobbitt cut off the penis of her husband , John , in their apartment in Manassas , Virginia .
They had had a volatile relationship , and Lorena testified that John sexually , physically and emotionally abused her .
On the night in question , he arrived home highly intoxicated and ( according to her testimony ) raped her .
Afterwards , she went to the kitchen , where she saw a carving knife , and “ memories of past domestic abuses raced through her head ” .
Grabbing the knife , she entered the bedroom and cut off more than half of John ’s penis .
She left the apartment with the penis , drove a short distance and threw it into a field .
Realizing the severity of the incident , she stopped and called 911 .
The penis was located , packed in ice and brought to the hospital where John was being treated .
It was successfully reattached .
Lorena was found not guilty due to insanity causing an irresistible impulse to sexually wound her husband .
As a result , she could not be held liable for her actions .
Under state law , she underwent a 45 - day evaluation period at a mental hospital , after which she was released .
She founded Lorena ’s Red Wagon , which helps to prevent domestic violence through family - oriented activities .
John ’s subsequent activities included pornographic films and a time as a minister of a Universal Life Church in Las Vegas .
He was arrested seven times for offenses ranging from assault to grand larceny .
The Bobbitts divorced in 1995 and met for the first time since on a TV program in May 2009 .
On the show , John apologized to Lorena for the way he treated her during their marriage , and Lorena claimed that John still loved her because he has continued to send her Valentine ’s Day cards and flowers .
8 Name unknown USA
At some time before February 1977 , a mentally - disturbed 21 - year - old American man who was obsessed with guilt feelings about his sexual desires amputated his penis with a straight razor .
He walked to his local hospital with the severed part .
The bleeding was controlled and the penis was placed on ice , and he was transferred to Massachusetts General Hospital .
After psychiatric consultation , he was operated on by a combined plastic surgery and urology team led by Drs Hugh Young II , John Daly , Benjamin Cohen and James May , resulting in the first documented case of a completely successful penis replantation , restoring full function .
7 Bruce / “ Brenda ” / David Reimer Canada
Bruce Reimer was born in Winnipeg , Manitoba in 1965 .
At the age of 6 months , he was diagnosed with phimosis ( an unretractable foreskin ) , and referred for a circumcision .
On 27 April 1966 , an inexperienced doctor performed the operation using the unconventional method of electro - cauterization .
The procedure went drastically wrong , and Bruce ’s penis was burned beyond surgical repair .
Dr John Money , a psychologist at Baltimore ’s Johns Hopkins Medical Center , believed that Bruce would be more likely to achieve successful , functional sexual maturation as a girl than as a boy and recommended a sex reassignment .
At the age of 22 months , Bruce ’s testes were surgically removed .
He was renamed Brenda , and afterwards raised as a girl .
Money continued treatment and assessment , and for several years reported on the case , describing apparently successful female gender development , and using this case to support his theories of gender identity and reassignment .
Contrary to Money ’s positive reports , Reimer never identified as female .
He was ostracized and bullied , and in his mid-teens became suicidally depressed .
In 1980 , his parents told him the truth , and he decided to identify as male , calling himself David .
He underwent surgical re-reassignment , and later married a woman and became stepfather to her children .
His case came to international attention in 1997 through the efforts of academic sexologist Milton Diamond and author John Colapinto , who wrote a book As Nature Made Him : The Boy Who Was Raised as a Girl .
Revenues from the book gave David financial security but his problems continued .
As well as his difficult relationship with his parents , he had to deal with the death of his brother , unemployment and separation from his wife .
On 5 May 2004 he committed suicide by gunshot .
Money died in 2006 .
6 Kichizo Ishida Japan
On 18 May 1936 , Kichizo Ishida was erotically asphyxiated by his girlfriend Sada Abe in a teahouse in Ogu , Japan .
She then severed his penis and testicles .
Abe had been a prostitute for most of her adult life .
One of her clients suggested that she could become financially independent by opening a small restaurant and recommended that she start as an apprentice in such a business .
On 1 February 1936 she began to work at a restaurant owned by Ishida , a married man and a known womanizer .
Ishida soon began making advances towards
Abe and by mid-April they were lovers .
They had several marathon love - making sessions in teahouses ( the contemporary equivalent of a love hotel ) .
When Ishida returned to his wife , Abe became agitated and began drinking excessively .
They met again and during their love - making discovered that strangling each other during orgasm increased their pleasure .
Early one morning , as Ishida was asleep , Abe wrapped her obi sash around his neck and strangled him to death .
After lying with his body for a few hours , she severed his genitalia with a kitchen knife , wrapped them in a magazine cover and kept them until being arrested three days later .
She was tried and convicted of second degree murder and sentenced to six years in prison .
Ishida ’s penis and testicles were moved to Tokyo University Medical School ’s pathology museum .
They were put on public display not long after the end of World War II but have since disappeared .
After her release from prison
Abe alternately courted and shunned publicity before disappearing from public view in 1970 and presumably dying at some time after that .
5 Einar Mogens Wegener / Lili Elbe Denmark / France / Germany
In 1930 - 1 Einar Mogens Wegener , a successful artist , became the first identified recipient of male to female sex reassignment surgery .
Probably intersexual , he identified as male for most of his life , but had a feminine body and facial features , and when in public as a man was often taken for a young woman in trousers masquerading as a man .
He married a fellow painter , Gerda Gottlieb .
Posing as a ( female ) model for Gerda , he discovered a propensity towards female dress , and Gerda ’s paintings of him ( as a woman ) gained some acclaim .
He began to identify as female and present publicly as a woman , renaming himself “ Lili Elbe ” .
In 1930 she went to Germany for surgery , which was only in an experimental state at the time .
Five operations were carried out over two years .
The first surgery , removal of the testicles , was made under the supervision of sexologist Magnus Hirschfeld in Berlin .
The rest were carried out by Dr Warnekros at the Dresden Municipal Women ’s Clinic .
The second operation was to remove the penis , and to transplant ovaries , which were taken from a 26 - year - old woman .
These were soon removed in the third and fourth operations , due to rejection and other serious complications .
The fifth operation was to transplant a uterus and was intended to allow Elbe , then nearing the age of 50 , to become a mother , but complications set in and she died three months later .
4 Grigori Yefimovich Rasputin Russia
On 16 December 1916 OS ( 29 December NS ) Grigori Rasputin was killed by a group of noblemen who feared his influence over Tsarina Alexandra .
Details of the killing are confused and still subject to debate , but a generally accepted version is that the conspirators lured Rasputin to the house of one of them , where they poisoned him , shot him , beat him , cut off his penis , tied him up and threw him into an icy river .
The official cause of death was drowning .
According to some accounts , the penis has since been in the keeping of a maid who discovered it at the murder site , a group of female Russian expatriates living in Paris , Rasputin ’s daughter Marie , an antiques dealer and an auction house , who ascertained that it was , in fact , a sea cucumber .
According to another account , it has recently been acquired by a museum of erotica in St Petersburg .
3 William Chester Minor USA / England
In 1902 , William Chester Minor , an American surgeon and amateur lexicographer , cut off his penis ( which he regarded as the cause of his impure thoughts ) in his cell in the Broadmoor Criminal Lunatic Asylum , Berkshire , England .
He had been born into a strict missionary family in Ceylon ( now Sri Lanka ) and trained as a surgeon at Yale .
He served as a doctor in the Union Army during the American Civil War , where his experiences ( which included branding deserters ) exacerbated his already fragile state of mind .
He developed a condition which was later diagnosed as schizophrenia .
He was allowed to resign from the army and moved to London , where , in a state of paranoid delusion , shot and killed an innocent man who just happened to be walking behind him .
He was found not guilty of murder by reason of insanity and confined in Broadmoor .
As a gentleman with a private income , he was allowed special privileges , and built up an extensive personal library .
He learned of the project to publish the Oxford English Dictionary , and turned his mind to find and cite illustrative quotations for rare words .
He become a major contributor to the project and developed a friendship with Dr James Murray , the editor of the dictionary .
Minor ’s and Murray ’s lives , the dictionary project and the self - severing are reported in an excellent and meticulously researched book , The Surgeon of Crowthorne ( UK ) / The Professor and the Madman ( USA ) by Simon Winchester .
2 Napoleon Bonaparte France
Fact 1 : On 5 May 1821 , Napoleon Bonaparte died on St Helena .
Fact 2 : Since 1916 , something claimed to be his penis has been bought and sold by collectors .
It was last reliably known to be in the possession of an American urologist in 1987 .
The day after Napoleon ’s death , his doctor performed an autopsy , witnessed by 17 people , including seven English doctors , a priest and Napoleon ’s manservant .
Various body parts were removed .
Napoleon ’s penis was described as “ small ” , but no eyewitness mentioned that it was removed .
In 1852 , the manservant claimed that he and the priest removed parts of Napoleon ’s body during the autopsy , but did n’t specify which .
( But surely a priest and a manservant removing body parts during an autopsy would have been noticed ! )
The priest , who administered the last rites and conducted the funeral , was given ( or otherwise came into possession of ) various “ personal effects ” .
How “ personal ” ?
The priest ’s collection of Napoleonic effects remained in his family until 1916 , when it was sold to an English bookselling firm .
In 1924 , they sold it to a collector from Philadelphia .
In 1927 it was displayed at the Museum of French Art in New York .
It was described officially as a “ mummified tendon ” and unofficially as “ one inch long and resembling a grape ” .
The collection was bought and sold several more times before the whatever was purchased by Dr John Lattimer , professor of urology at Columbia University and an impeccably credentialled and experienced medical man who must be presumed to be able to recognize a penis when he saw one .
He acknowledged having it in 1987 .
He died in 2007 and apparently his family still has it .
1 Osiris Egypt
Osiris was the Egyptian god of the afterlife and the underworld .
Isis was his sister / wife , and goddess of motherhood and magic .
Their brother Set , god of chaos , was jealous of him , and plotted to kill him .
One form of the myth tells that Set trapped Osiris in a wooden sarcophagus and threw it into the Nile .
It floated down the Nile to the coast of Byblos ( modern - day Lebanon ) , where Isis found it .
She brought the body back to Egypt and buried it .
Set found the body , cut it into fourteen parts and scattered them across Egypt .
Isis found and put together thirteen parts , but was unable to find the penis , which had been eaten by a fish .
Instead , she fashioned a phallus out of gold and sang a song around Osiris until he came back to life .
They conceived Horus , the god of the sky and vengeance .
January 19 , 2010 – 11:00 pm by John
Barack Obama is already a terrible president , a war criminal who belongs in prison beside Dick Cheney and George W. Bush .
He is an economic ignoramus who despises private enterprise , exalts the State over the individual , and dreams of a world in which the inert , gray , bureaucratic mediocrity of corporate - State socialism controls nearly every aspect of the education , finances , medical care , housing , parenting , transportation , employment , and behavior of everyone on Earth .
We are only one quarter of the way through his sanctimonious presidency , and it is only going to get worse .
Barack Obama ’s foreign policy should earn him the ire of self - described peaceful or anti-war liberals across the world , but all of the American liberals ( at least , the supporters of the Democratic Party ) love him and continue to defend him .
Obama has continued the aggressive war , started by George W. Bush , in foreign countries that have not declared war on the United States .
Civilians continue to be killed , retaliatory terrorism continues to kill many more , and young foreigners continue to become attracted to the terroristic , America - hating ideology that Obama and everyone else in Washington claim to be striving to quell .
Libertarians predicted this would happen and routinely criticized Obama , Democratic politicians , Democratic voters , and the neocons for their imminent hypocrisy and warmongering , and we have been proven correct and justified in those attacks .
On January 23 , 2009 , Obama ordered air strikes against Pakistan by Predator drones , killing approximately 15 non-aggressing civilians , including 3 children in a country that had not attacked or declared war on the United States .
This began Obama ’s continuation of the bloody air - strike campaign carried out by CIA - operated drones ( Predator aircraft ) in Pakistan that was ramped up in September 2008 and continues unabated to this day .
Pakistan ’s Dawn newspaper reports that 708 innocents ( non-combatants ) were killed by drone air strikes in 2009 :
Of the 44 predator strikes carried out by US drones in the tribal areas of Pakistan over the past 12 months , only five were able to hit their actual targets , killing five key Al - Qaeda and Taliban leaders , but at the cost of over 700 innocent civilians .
According to the statistics compiled by Pakistani authorities , the Afghanistan - based US drones killed 708 people in 44 predator attacks targeting the tribal areas between January 1 and December 31 , 2009 .
For each Al Qaeda and Taliban terrorist killed by US drones , 140 innocent Pakistanis also had to die .
Over 90 per cent of those killed in the deadly missile strikes were civilians , claim authorities .
You can find a list of CIA drone air strikes carried out in Pakistan in the Wikipedia article Drone attacks in Pakistan .
I was going to list them all to emphasize how bloody and counterproductive Obama ’s foreign policy has been , but , as you will note if you read the news articles cited therein , those articles rarely contain details or even estimates of the number of non-combatants killed by the drone attacks .
Whatever the reasons , sinister or not , the important point is that these civilian deaths are not highlighted by the media , are not stressed to the public by CIA , Defense , or White House officials , and are apparently not much concern to most Americans .
Least of all the liberal Democrats who voted for Obama , continue to defend him to this day , and therefore have the blood of innocent Pakistanis and Afghanis on their hands .
They are of concern to Pakistanis , Afghanis , and terrorists and civilians across the Middle East .
There is much evidence that drone attacks are counterproductive regardless of how many terrorists they kill and of the support they might receive from Pakistani and Afghani officials .
For instance , Pakistani Prime Minister Yousaf Gilani has said , “ These ( strikes ) are counterproductive and not in the interests of the country .
I think the Obama administration will have to reconsider this policy . ”
Afghanistan is , of course , more deadly for both U.S. soldiers and local civilians .
This U.N. report ( pdf ) says that approximately 310 ( one - third ) of the civilian casualties that resulted from combat in Afghanistan in the first half of 2009 were caused by international military forces , which means U.S. - led forces .
It is probably easier to just read the Wikipedia article .
( Hey , it ’s the best source for a summary of this information . )
The U.N. report also concludes that civilian deaths and injuries are probably significantly under - reported because of the lack of ability to confirm many of them .
True to his promises to expand and focus the war on terrorism in Afghanistan , Obama sent 30,000 more soldiers there in December .
This is another example of counterproductive warmongering that will only continue to inspire hatred , kill innocent people , and waste billions of dollars that could be spent improving our own country , something the military cannot do .
He says this is a precursor to the beginning of a withdrawal from Afghanistan in 18 months ( say , July 2011 ) , so while we ’re on the topic , I ’ll predict that a significant withdrawal will not begin on schedule , and after it does happen and Afghanistan is controlled by its own people , the war in Afghanistan will be shown to be largely a futile effort .
The most embarrassing part of this presidency so far was Obama ’s acceptance speech for his Nobel Peace Prize , which he should have rejected .
That speech consisted mostly of a promotion of military force as a vehicle of peace and a justification of the aggressive interventions of the Imperial Federal Government .
Chris Floyd covered it sufficiently .
Obama ’s legacy will probably be written in terms of his economic policy , which has been abominable .
The idiotically named American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 was his huge $ 787 - billion stimulus bill that aimed to increase consumer spending and lending when they both needed to be curtailed like never before .
Reckless borrowing ( debt ) , which fueled unwise consumer and commercial spending and industrial expansion into unsustainable projects , is exactly what caused so many people to default on their mortgages and credit cards , so many companies to go out of business , and such a high rate of unemployment .
Obama ’s myopic stimulus plan operated under the Keynesian assumption that the economy is static and circular , and that more consumer spending means more economic growth , and has only delayed a true recovery .
In the second - biggest economic fiasco to date ( after the trillions of dollars given to undeserving , failing automotive and financial corporations ) , the Cash for Clunkers program was an economic failure to anyone who paid attention .
Part of the problem is that the defined goals of the Cash for Clunkers program were harmful to the American economy , so by succeeding in promoting spending , raising prices , and destroying wealth ( literally ) , the program failed horrendously .
As alluded to above , Obama ’s Treasury and Federal Reserve have committed or printed a total of $ 11 trillion to forestall the Second Great Depression .
This number is not mentioned frequently , and the individual sources or components of this total are hardly ever highlighted or discussed , even right after the funds are printed by the Treasury and given to the companies .
It is possible that they actually believe printing money out of thin air and keeping failing , inefficient , unproductive , parasitic companies afloat will promote an economic recovery and economic strength in the foreseeable future .
If Obama , his economic advisers , and the people in the Treasury Department and Fed believe that , then their ignorance of the basic principles of economics and even of common sense are astounding — Krugmanian , even .
If they do n’t believe it , which is a distinct possibility , then they are intentionally exacerbating the economic crash in order to buy some time , possibly in the hopes that another Democratic government can be elected in 2012 .
How ignorant and / or short - sighted .
Bloomberg reported that the bailout and stimulus funds approach the total GDP of the United States .
Being too stupid and caught up in his own messiah complex to learn from the dot - com bubble and the housing bubble , His Eloquence is hell - bent on pumping up bubbles in the automotive industry and “ green ” technologies as fast as he can .
It is unlikely the automotive bubble will ever pop because American car companies are well on their way to becoming de facto arms of the Imperial Federal Government , which will not be subject to the pressures of the free market , such as it is ( though they will , as everything governmental and private is , still be governed by the laws of economics and human action , meaning they will only impoverish dollar holders more ) .
This month , Obama announced that $ 2.3 billion of his $ 787 - billion stimulus package will be rewarded for clean - energy technologies in the form of tax credits .
These will go to 183 companies in 43 states .
This is one of a million examples of the government interfering in the economy by taking money from people who earned it ( taxpayers ) or simply printing it ( impoverishing all dollar holders ) and giving it to people or companies for political reasons , to achieve goals defined by politicians and bureaucrats .
This is not how a free society functions .
This is not how a man of the people treats his people ’s money .
Contrary to popular belief , Obama is terrible on issues of civil liberties , and this was even obvious during the campaign , when he voted to grant legal immunity to telecommunications companies that spied on users .
Glenn Greenwald and the New York Times article he cites sum up Obama ’s hypocritical and not - so - stellar civil - liberties record quite well .
The Obama regime ’s Department of Justice [ sic ] sided with that of George W. Bush regarding the torture of prisoners at Guantanamo Bay and anyone else the State deems an “ enemy combatant . ”
The D.C. Circuit Court had issued a ruling agreeing with the Bush DOJ that prisoners being held in American prisons outside of American soil did not count as legal “ persons ” and that they have no Constitutional protections against torture , and Obama ’s lawyers urged the Supreme Court not to hear the appeal of that case , meaning they support the ruling .
They also decided to revamp , rather than reject , the system of military tribunals established by the Bush regime .
On October 28 , 2009 , Obama signed the Matthew Shepard and James Byrd , Jr. Hate Crimes Prevention
Act into law , under the bizarre impression that hate crimes legislation protects people ’s civil liberties .
Oh , but the Democrats assure us the First Amendment–protection clauses in the bill will protect all of our Constitutional rights .
People convicted of “ hate crimes ” will still be punished for their thoughts , and certain victim groups will be treated differently under the law than other victims of the same crimes , so , you know — civil liberties , Orwellian police state , it ’s all the same to the Democrats .
Kinsella argues that Obama is actually worse than Bush on intellectual property .
A major indicator of Barack Obama ’s ineptitude and corruption is the people he has chosen to surround himself with .
Most of my Democratic friends not only supported but lauded the selection of Joe Biden as Obama ’s running mate .
Presumably this was because it improved the chances of the Savior of America being elected president and was certainly not an indication of deep - seated , in fact fundamental , hypocrisy and amorality among liberal Americans .
Joe Biden is a fantastic warmonger who voted to invade Iraq in 1998 and has been described as “ perhaps the single most important congressional backer of the Bush administration ’s decision to invade ” Iraq .
He is a staunch opponent of civil liberties as well .
Biden voted for the original PATRIOT Act , voted to reauthorize (! ) the PATRIOT Act in 2006 , and in fact bragged about having authored a predecessor to the PATRIOT Act in the wake of the 1995 Oklahoma City bombing by Timothy McVeigh and another sweeping terrorism bill the year before that .
This moran also supports a federal ban on smoking .
Biden has a long , dirty history of supporting the Recording Industry Association of America and the FBI ’s privacy - invading endeavors .
He is also an ardent drug warrior who was instrumental in creating the National Office of Drug Control Policy and boasts about coining the term “ Drug Czar ” .
Joe Biden is truly a despicable human being .
Among Obama ’s cronies , Biden might only be surpassed by Obama ’s chief of staff , Rahm Emanuel , who is a creepy , slimy , vindictive , malicious politician of the worst sort .
He seeks the political destruction even of fellow Democrats who have crossed him in the past , he believes the State can abrogate anyone ’s right to bear arms at any time for whatever reasons it pleases , and of course he was involved in former Illinois Governor Rod Blagojevich ’s pay - for - play schemes .
It was expected that Obama ’s nominees for Secretary of Commerce would know nothing about business and less about economics , but it was a true sign of his ineptitude that he would nominate two who were ethically challenged hypocrites who actually , literally belong in prison under current state and federal law .
Bill Richardson withdrew his nomination because he was under investigation by a grand jury for influence - peddling , meaning his political donors had received state contracts .
The charges were eventually dropped , but , as you should know by now , that does n’t mean he was innocent .
( Judd Gregg , the second nominee , withdrew his nomination because of irreconcilable differences with Obama , and was a bad choice for Obama anyway because Gregg had actually voted to abolish the Department of Commerce in 1995 , which makes him a great candidate from my perspective but underscores the ineptitude of Obama ’s team . )
The third and final nominee was Gary Locke , a money - laundering tax evader who repeated the crimes of the Clinton Chinese fundraising scandal and played the race card when he was scrutinized .
This apparently made him a perfect fit for Obama ’s cabinet .
I ’ll link to Michelle Malkin for the first time , only because she covered Locke when he was Governor of Washington and she worked for the Seattle Times .
Obama ’s choices for Treasury Secretary and Federal Reserve Chairman have also proven to be terrible .
This should be self - explanatory .
Timothy Geithner and Ben Bernanke have been the primary implementers of the corporate - State socialist doctrine that large investment banks ( particularly Goldman Sachs ) and the American automotive companies are too big to fail , must be bailed out with stolen ( printed ) taxpayer money at every turn , and will ultimately better serve Geithner ’s and Bernanke ’s ideal way of life by becoming de facto arms of the Imperial Federal Government .
They desperately cling to the Keynesian fantasy that spending = economic growth , when Americans need to save and invest , not borrow and consume .
This policy will only end as Mises and Hayek predicted : with crippling inflation and more government intrusion into the economy to fix the problems it created .
It is hard to imagine how Obama could have done better at surpassing George W. Bush in the stupidity and ignorance of his selections and nominations to fill various governmental posts , but history might show that he succeeded .
His Eloquence signed two bills requiring increased energy efficiency , following the all - encompassing Statist mantra of “ if you want something , regardless of whether it is desired by the people it affects , simply mandate it , ” during the worst economic period since the Great Depression .
The Savior of America also appears bound and determined to inflict cruel , crippling environmental and medical - insurance policies on the United States , as evidenced by his constant fear - mongering , his blatant patronizing , his demagoguery , his terrifying speech at the Copenhagen Climate Change Conference , and the passage of the politicized and ill - advised health care bill .
However , the Green USA and Obamacare are not realities yet , so I ’ll have to save those for next year ( probably ) .
Posted in Economics , Elections , Foreign policy , Medicine , Obama crimes , Obama failures
Slate readers suggest some strategies :
Seventh runner - up : George W. Bush , Crawford , Texas ( as imagined by Michael W. Price ) : Declare that the U.S. is at war with the forces of Death and Disease .
Seek a joint resolution stating the same .
Scare up support by telling voters they 're all going to die .
Have the office of legal counsel draft a memo declaring that the president has the inherent and unfettered authority to protect the nation against the evil " Duo of Demise . "
Implement the preferred version of health care reform through a secret executive order and pay for it with the 2010 war supplemental .
Repeat as needed .
Greg Mankiw links to an article that illustrates the challenges of interpreting raw numbers causally .
This would really be a great example for your introductory statistics or economics classes , because the article , by Robert Book , starts off by identifying a statistical error and then goes on to make a nearly identical error of its own !
Fun stuff .
Book sets up the story :
Many advocates . . . claim that a public health plan will save money compared to private health insurance because “ everyone knows ” that the largest government health program , Medicare , has lower administrative costs than private insurance .
. . .
Advocates of a public plan assert that Medicare has administrative costs of 3 percent ( or 6 to 8 percent if support from other government agencies is included ) , compared to 14 to 22 percent for private employer - sponsored health insurance . . .
He then points out the problem with this raw comparison :
Medicare patients are by definition elderly , disabled , or patients with end - stage renal disease , and as such have higher average patient care costs , so expressing administrative costs as a percentage of total costs gives a misleading picture of relative efficiency .
Administrative costs are incurred primarily on a fixed or per-beneficiary basis ; this approach spreads Medicare ’s costs over a larger base of patient care cost .
Excellent point .
Do n’t forget about the denominator , as we always tell our students .
The next step , I ’d think , is to compare costs for different groups of potential patients , characterized by age , health status , and socioeconomic and demographic background variables .
But that ’s not what Book does–instead he just compares average administrative costs per patient : $ 509 per primary beneficiary for Medicare , $ 453 for private insurers .
But this ca n’t be right : of course , Medicare patients , who are older , sicker , and are going to the doctor and hospital more often , will have higher administrative costs !
It seems silly to jump all over the first set of unadjusted numbers and then take the second set of unadjusted numbers at face value , leading to this claim :
If recent cost history is any guide , switching the more than 200 million Americans with private insurance to a public plan will not save money but will actually increase health care administrative costs by several billion dollars .
I do n’t buy it –for essentially the same reason that I find Book ’s first argument persuasive .
It would seem to make more sense to compare comparable groups of people .
( But see Book ’s comment below , defending his calculations . )
Disclaimer
I ’m no expert in health policy .
These are just my impressions as a teacher of statistics .
It ’s great to find such examples that are so relevant to policy .
I was surprised to see Mankiw quote the above article without criticism ; but I ’m pretty sure he ’s studied these issues in a lot more detail than I have , and so perhaps he has additional knowledge that makes him confident in the substance of Book ’s reasoning .
In particular , I expect that Mankiw has spent some time talking with the faculty at Harvard ’s world - class Department of Heath Care Policy .
I do n’t know if any of their professors are Eagle Scouts , but they do have this guy , who was the founding editor of the Journal of Health Economics , a member of the editorial board of the New England Journal of Medicine , vice chair of the Medicare Payment Advisory Commission , etc etc .
Also on the board of directors of Aetna so it looks like he has experience on both sides .
Perhaps
Newhouse or one of his colleagues has done a more detailed study that support ’s Book ’s conclusions .
P.S. Krugman links to an article by political scientist Jacob Hacker that questions Book ’s numbers .
I doubt Mankiw reads my blog very often , but I expect he ’ll respond to Krugman , so perhaps he ’ll supply some more data to rebut this .
Could be interesting .
P.P.S. Book responds on Krugman ’s blog , explaining why in his opinion the Hacker report does not shoot down Book ’s numbers .
I ’m still skeptical of his claim that , “ The appropriate measure is administrative cost per person . ”
Perhaps he can address this .
P.P.P.S. Book does address the cost - per - person issue in a comment below .
At this point , I ’ll just have to say that the answer depends on specifics of billing , administrative costs , etc .
I do n’t think I have anything further to add .
But I still think it will be a great teaching example .
by Sunny Hundal
Here at Liberal Conspiracy we are shocked to hear of a Tory MP who actually believes in man-made global warming .
So all due credit to Conservative ex-cabinet minister John Gummer , who has said he will step down as an MP at the next election to focus on the campaign against climate change .
The BBC reports :
In a statement , Mr Gummer , 70 , said he had been “ forced to rethink my plans for the future ” following the “ very disappointing results ” of the Copenhagen negotiations .
After talking to colleagues internationally , he said he realised he could not commit “ to the work that they believe has to be done ” while continuing as an MP .
…
The former agriculture minister and environment secretary said he had had an opportunity to play a part in raising the alert about climate change – and had hoped to continue to do so as a backbencher .
But he added : “ Those of us who have any chance to influence the course of events , even in a small way , have simply to make that our first priority , however difficult the choice . ”
Perhaps he could start with his fellow Tory MPs and convince them .
Pay attention to that woman opening the Grammys .
At Sunday 's awards show , Lady Gaga is expected to play a duet on a single piano with Elton John .
She is nominated for five awards , including record of the year , but that 's less important than her broader impact on music culture in the space of a year , which has been seismic .
Her debut album has generated four No. 1 songs .
She topped the digital sales chart for 2009 with 15.3 million tracks sold .
Her dance hits , including " Poker Face " and " Paparazzi , " recalibrated the sound of pop radio with a spacey Euro vibe that 's crept into songs by rock and rap artists .
She grabbed attention beyond the music world with outfits that make her look like a refugee from a sci - fi film .
In concert , on video and at past awards shows she has sported full facial masks , worn planetary rings around her head , and framed her face in what looked like a bird 's nest .
" She 's very vaudevillian , " says an admiring Alice Cooper , the rocker whose history of stage theatrics includes simulated decapitations .
But he says Gaga 's antics only work because " she can really sing . "
Gaga may turn out to be yet another fleeting pop novelty , but many other industry veterans see her as the real deal , and her ambitions and skill at navigating the turbulent industry may make her a durable star .
Born Stefani Germanotta , she graduated from Manhattan 's Convent of the Sacred Heart school , then left a music program at New York University to chase a music career .
She was signed and dropped from one label , Def Jam , before uniting with a core team of advisers .
She then stormed the media in a year when Michael Jackson 's death reminded us how few new music stars transcend narrow genres anymore .
What is the Best Firewood ?
The best firewood is of course the type that best suits your needs which can vary depending on whether you are cooking or using the wood for heat in a fireplace .
There are many types of wood which are suitable either for the fireplace or for cooking .
Here I will repeat some of the basic important principles that are important when choosing wood .
After that is a detailed list of several common types of firewood and their characteristics .
" Seasoned " Firewood - Seasoned firewood is wood which has been left out to dry for an extended period of time .
Wet wood , including green wood which has recently been cut from a tree , is more difficult to burn and burns with less heat .
Avoid using wet wood and always use seasoned firewood if at all possible .
Energy Content - BTUs ( British Thermal Units ) -
This is a measure of how much heat is given off by a certain amount of wood .
The hardwoods have the highest BTU content and thus are considered the best firewood for high , intense heat .
The highest of the high include rock elm , sugar maple , and red oak .
Softwoods , like white pine , basswood , green ash , and white spruce , are much less dense and thus do not burn as long with as much heat output .
Hardwood versus Softwood - Hardwoods are very dense .
They pack more BTUs of potential heat energy per volume of firewood .
Therefore they tend to be the best firewood types for heat and for cooking .
However , they are more difficult to get ignited in the first place .
Softwoods are less dense and also tend to be more resinous .
This means they ignite much faster , and thus can be good as a starter wood to get your fire going .
However , they tend to give off less heat and burn faster .
Some examples of hardwoods
Best Firewood - Ash , red oak , white oak , beech , birch , hickory , hard maple , pecan , dogwood , almond , apple ( incense - like perfume , nice scent ) ; high heat , easy to burn , no heavy smoke , overall excellent Good - Soft maple , cherry , walnut ; medium heat , easy to burn , no heavy smoke .
Fair - elm , sycamore , gun , aspen , basswood , cottonwood , yellow poplar ( bitter smoke ) ; low to medium heat , can be a bit harder to burn , medium smoke , ok for kindling but not as much heat and more smoke .
Some examples of softwoods :
Good - southern yellow pine , spruce , fir , resinous so easy to burn , has medium heat but burns out quickly , and easy to burn but heavy smoke , ok if you want a quick warming fire or short fire that will burn out before you go to bed .
Good for kindling - eastern red cedar , medium heat , easy to burn , medium smoke , pops a lot and throws sparks , good for kindling .
Fair - cypress , medium heat , a bit harder to burn , medium smoke .
What Is The Best Firewood ?
Specific Types of Firewood -
The following is a list of many common types of firewood .
Where possible I have mentioned its suitability for the cooking and / or as a smoking wood .
Which woods are available to you will depend on several factors including your location and the season : - The following is a list of many common types of firewood .
Where possible I have mentioned its suitability for the cooking and / or as a smoking wood .
Which woods are available to you will depend on several factors including your location and the season : Alder - Alder gives off little heat and burns quickly , however , good charcoal can be made from it .
Has a delicate flavor with some sweetness .
For smoking its mild flavor can accent fish , pork , poultry and game birds nicely .
- Alder gives off little heat and burns quickly , however , good charcoal can be made from it .
Has a delicate flavor with some sweetness .
For smoking its mild flavor can accent fish , pork , poultry and game birds nicely .
Almond - Almond is on my short list of the best firewood types .
It is very hard with long - lasting high heat , and a sweet smoke flavor which compliments almost all types of meat beautifully .
An excellent fireplace and cooking firewood .
- Almond is on my short list of the best firewood types .
It is very hard with long - lasting high heat , and a sweet smoke flavor which compliments almost all types of meat beautifully .
An excellent fireplace and cooking firewood .
Apple - Perhaps the king of all cooking woods , this is definitely one of the best firewood types .
However , it tends to be more rare as firewood because it is quite attractive and can be used in furniture making and other decorations .
It has a heavenly sweet smell which is great for cooking and smoking .
It burns hot without giving off much flame , making it ideal for firewood cooking in a fire pit .
The flavor is mildly smoky with hints of fruity sweetness .
Great with poultry and pork but will compliment just about anything .
If you can find any , snatch it up !
- Perhaps the king of all cooking woods , this is definitely one of the best firewood types .
However , it tends to be more rare as firewood because it is quite attractive and can be used in furniture making and other decorations .
It has a heavenly sweet smell which is great for cooking and smoking .
It burns hot without giving off much flame , making it ideal for firewood cooking in a fire pit .
The flavor is mildly smoky with hints of fruity sweetness .
Great with poultry and pork but will compliment just about anything .
If you can find any , snatch it up !
Acacia -
In the same family as mesquite , acacia has a similar flavor but is not as heavy and not as hot burning .
A good cooking wood .
- In the same family as mesquite , acacia has a similar flavor but is not as heavy and not as hot burning .
A good cooking wood .
Ash - Excellent firewood .
Tends to burn very well , even if a bit wet and green .
Distinctive flavor goes well with fish and meats alike .
- Excellent firewood .
Tends to burn very well , even if a bit wet and green .
Distinctive flavor goes well with fish and meats alike .
Beechwood -
This has some good heat and flame but tends to give off a fair amount of sparks , making it less suitable for an indoor fireplace and cooking .
- This has some good heat and flame but tends to give off a fair amount of sparks , making it less suitable for an indoor fireplace and cooking .
Birch - Birch gives off good heat but tends to be consumed pretty quickly .
The flavor is good , similar to maple which compliments pork and poultry nicely .
- Birch gives off good heat but tends to be consumed pretty quickly .
The flavor is good , similar to maple which compliments pork and poultry nicely .
Cedar -
Lovely smell , like the inside of a cigar humidor .
Gives nice steady heat without too big a flame .
Excellent for cooking and smoking .
Cedar planks can be soaked and used to cook foods like pork and fish ( cedar planked salmon being a classic dish ) on a grill to great effect .
Definitely one of the best firewoods for cooking if used correctly .
- Lovely smell , like the inside of a cigar humidor .
Gives nice steady heat without too big a flame .
Excellent for cooking and smoking .
Cedar planks can be soaked and used to cook foods like pork and fish ( cedar planked salmon being a classic dish ) on a grill to great effect .
Definitely one of the best firewoods for cooking if used correctly .
Cherry -
Another of the best firewood types , this burns hot and with a low flame similar to apple .
It has a mild fruity flavor excellent with almost anything , including poultry , pork and beef .
- Another of the best firewood types , this burns hot and with a low flame similar to apple .
It has a mild fruity flavor excellent with almost anything , including poultry , pork and beef .
Crabapple - Very similar to apple wood in function and flavors .
- Very similar to apple wood in function and flavors .
Douglas fir -
Slow burning with a lot of heat .
Good firewood .
Tends to be a bit resinous for cooking .
- Slow burning with a lot of heat .
Good firewood .
Tends to be a bit resinous for cooking .
Elm -
Tends to have a high water content so it smokes quite a bit but still has good heat .
Ideally this needs long seasoning ( up to a few years ) to be really dry and burn hot and evenly and without too much smoke .
- Tends to have a high water content so it smokes quite a bit but still has good heat .
Ideally this needs long seasoning ( up to a few years ) to be really dry and burn hot and evenly and without too much smoke .
Eucalyptus - Like elm , this has high water content and needs long seasoning .
There appear to be many different varieties that vary somewhat but in general , once seasoned , these are hard woods that give good heat .
They can have a slightly resinous , medicinal , although not unpleasant , smell due to the gums contained within , making them less than ideal for cooking .
However , it can be an excellent heat source if well seasoned .
- Like elm , this has high water content and needs long seasoning .
There appear to be many different varieties that vary somewhat but in general , once seasoned , these are hard woods that give good heat .
They can have a slightly resinous , medicinal , although not unpleasant , smell due to the gums contained within , making them less than ideal for cooking .
However , it can be an excellent heat source if well seasoned .
Grapevines -
These precious pieces of wood have a great rich and fruity aroma that flavors poultry , red meats , game and lamb beautifully .
Gives off lots of smoke and can have a hint of tartness .
Because they tend to be smaller pieces and branches which are available , this is ideal for fast fires to quickly cook smaller cuts of meat .
Alternatively , it can be used along with other woods as a smoking wood to add flavor .
- These precious pieces of wood have a great rich and fruity aroma that flavors poultry , red meats , game and lamb beautifully .
Gives off lots of smoke and can have a hint of tartness .
Because they tend to be smaller pieces and branches which are available , this is ideal for fast fires to quickly cook smaller cuts of meat .
Alternatively , it can be used along with other woods as a smoking wood to add flavor .
Hawthorn -
One of the best firewood types .
Burns very hot and long .
Excellent .
- One of the best firewood types .
Burns very hot and long .
Excellent .
Hickory - Considered the " king of smoking woods " , hickory is a hard , high heat wood that gives off a strong sweet , almost bacony flavor which works beautifully to flavor pork , ham and beef .
Great long lasting heat .
Definitely one of the best fire wood types .
- Considered the " king of smoking woods " , hickory is a hard , high heat wood that gives off a strong sweet , almost bacony flavor which works beautifully to flavor pork , ham and beef .
Great long lasting heat .
Definitely one of the best fire wood types .
Juniper -
This wood snaps and pops a lot .
Like pine it is a natural insect repellent with a distinct aroma , smelling like a piney cedar chest .
Not great for cooking .
The berries on the other hand can be used for flavoring several types of dishes ( they are the primary flavoring agent in Gin also ) .
- This wood snaps and pops a lot .
Like pine it is a natural insect repellent with a distinct aroma , smelling like a piney cedar chest .
Not great for cooking .
The berries on the other hand can be used for flavoring several types of dishes ( they are the primary flavoring agent in Gin also ) .
Lilac -
Very light , subtle smoke flavor with floral nuances .
Can be good with seafood and other milder dishes .
- Very light , subtle smoke flavor with floral nuances .
Can be good with seafood and other milder dishes .
Lime -
This is actually a quite poor fuel wood , not giving off much heat .
Better for other uses like carving .
- This is actually a quite poor fuel wood , not giving off much heat .
Better for other uses like carving .
Maple -
Smokey but with a mellow , slightly sweet aroma and flavor , this is a good fuel wood .
Compliments pork , poultry and game birds nicely .
- Smokey but with a mellow , slightly sweet aroma and flavor , this is a good fuel wood .
Compliments pork , poultry and game birds nicely .
Mesquite - Another one of the most popular woods for cooking either as a primary fuel or as a smoking wood .
Burns very hot with a smokey but richly flavored smoke .
Nice earthy flavor is good with just about anything including beef , fish , chicken and game .
- Another one of the most popular woods for cooking either as a primary fuel or as a smoking wood .
Burns very hot with a smokey but richly flavored smoke .
Nice earthy flavor is good with just about anything including beef , fish , chicken and game .
Mulberry - Like pear , this is similar in many ways to apple .
Sweet smelling smoke is great for cooking .
- Like pear , this is similar in many ways to apple .
Sweet smelling smoke is great for cooking .
Oak -
Oak is one of the best fire wood types .
It requires a good deal of seasoning time ( as much as 2 years ) but then is a good slow burning wood with lots of heat and a small flame .
If it is not fully seasoned the smoke can be very dense and bitter .
The flavor is a heavy smokey flavor which is good with bold foods like ribs , red meat , pork and heavy game .
- Oak is one of the best fire wood types .
It requires a good deal of seasoning time ( as much as 2 years ) but then is a good slow burning wood with lots of heat and a small flame .
If it is not fully seasoned the smoke can be very dense and bitter .
The flavor is a heavy smokey flavor which is good with bold foods like ribs , red meat , pork and heavy game .
Other sweet fruit woods - Fruit woods such as apricot , plum , peach , nectarine all tend to be excellent flavoring agents for lighter meats like chicken , turkey , pork , and fish .
They tend to be a bit milder and sweeter than hickory .
- Fruit woods such as apricot , plum , peach , nectarine all tend to be excellent flavoring agents for lighter meats like chicken , turkey , pork , and fish .
They tend to be a bit milder and sweeter than hickory .
Pear -
An outstanding firewood similar in characteristics and use to apple .
- An outstanding firewood similar in characteristics and use to apple .
Pecan -
While not the best firewood for heat , it has an excellent sweet and mild flavor similar to hickory which makes it excellent for smoking .
- While not the best firewood for heat , it has an excellent sweet and mild flavor similar to hickory which makes it excellent for smoking .
Pine -
This burns well when well seasoned but has a tendency to crackle and pop because it is resinous and a softwood .
Good for kindling since it lights easily but too much can leave a strong piney smell which is nice outdoors but can be overwhelming indoors or with food .
Can also leave an oily soot in your chimney .
I 'd avoid this for cooking .
- This burns well when well seasoned but has a tendency to crackle and pop because it is resinous and a softwood .
Good for kindling since it lights easily but too much can leave a strong piney smell which is nice outdoors but can be overwhelming indoors or with food .
Can also leave an oily soot in your chimney .
I 'd avoid this for cooking .
Pinion pine -
While most pine is a softwood , this type is one of the hardest pines with a pretty outdoorsy fragrance and also has natural insect repelling characteristics .
Not good for cooking but a nice outdoor fire pit wood .
Popular for use in chimineas .
- While most pine is a softwood , this type is one of the hardest pines with a pretty outdoorsy fragrance and also has natural insect repelling characteristics .
Not good for cooking but a nice outdoor fire pit wood .
Popular for use in chimineas .
Spruce -
This is a very sparky wood which burns quickly .
Not one of the best .
- This is a very sparky wood which burns quickly .
Not one of the best .
Walnut - Walnut , all types , tends to give off a heavy smoke which when used alone can be quite bitter .
Best to use along with other sweeter woods like almond , pear or apple with heartier fare like red meats and game .
Well that 's it !
So what is the best firewood ?
As you can see , that depends on the answer to the question , best firewood for what ?
While some are good for cooking , others are not .
While some are good starter woods , others are not .
I hope this list and info will help you find the best firewood for your needs .
The best place I know of to buy fire accessories is SpitJack.com .
They have a selection of firewood carrying , splitting and storage equipment .
They are also the very best for beautiful and functional fireplace cooking accessories including fireplace grills , rotisseries , cranes , and utensils as well as fire pits and other fire and fire cooking related accessories .
Done with the Best Firewood page ?
Go back to the Firewood page .
UNITED NATIONS ( Reuters ) - Israel has paid the United Nations $ 10.5 million for property damage and injuries the world body suffered during Israel ’s attack on Gaza a year ago , a U.N. spokesman and Israeli diplomats said on Friday .
“ With this payment , the United Nations has agreed that the financial issues relating to those incidents ... are concluded , ” spokesman Martin Nesirky told reporters .
A senior Israeli diplomat at the United Nations , who asked not to be named , said , “ We have decided to make an ex gratia ( without liability ) payment to the United Nations and we have indeed done it . ”
“ It has to do specifically with damages done to the United Nations , ” whose Relief and Works Agency ( UNRWA ) cares for Palestinian refugees in Gaza and elsewhere in the Middle East , the diplomat said .
He and Nesirky both quoted the figure of $ 10.5 million .
U.N. officials said the world body had made claims for damage done during previous Israeli military operations , but they believed this was the first time Israel had paid .
A U.N. inquiry last year put the cost of damage to seven U.N. buildings in Gaza during the December 2008 - January 2009 conflict at $ 11.2 million , almost all of it caused by Israeli forces .
Loss adjusters hired by the U.N. subsequently reduced that by $ 750,000 , Nesirky said .
NO RESPONSIBILITY
The main damage to U.N. property in Gaza came on January 15 , 2009 , when Israeli shells , some containing the incendiary substance white phosphorus , hit an UNRWA compound , badly damaging a warehouse and training center .
Several U.N. - run schools were hit in other strikes .
Israel said it attacked Gaza to end rocket launches by Palestinian Hamas militants into Israel , and that damage to U.N. premises was caused unintentionally when its troops responded to Palestinian fire .
The Jewish state , however , agreed to consider a U.N. reimbursement request sent in July .
Nesirky said that claim related both to the property damage and to minor injuries suffered by 11 U.N. employees .
Israel insisted throughout that it bore no legal responsibility , although the United Nations disagreed .
In the end , “ the United Nations and Israel agreed to put the question of legal responsibility to one side for the purposes of settling the organization ’s claim , ” Nesirky said .
The Israeli diplomat said his country was not terming the payment compensation and portrayed the negotiations as having being conducted with U.N. Secretary - General Ban Ki-moon personally .
“ We understand that there have been damages and that the Secretary - General cares about it , and this is important for him , and it ’s also important for us what the U.N. is doing in Gaza , ” he said .
Israel ’s onslaught on Gaza killed more than 1,400 Palestinians , including civilians and Hamas fighters .
A total of 13 Israelis were killed .
HOW CAN THE BEARS WORK ?
Perhaps one explanation is Mirror Neurons .
It 's been shown in scientific experiments that when one animal is doing something such as eating a banana , another animal who is merely watching will have the same neurons lighting up in their brains as the animal who is doing the activity .
Likewise , in tests done with acupuncture , when needles are being inserted into points on one person , the same points are lighting up on a person who is only observing .
In the case of the Magical Bears , we might conclude that when you are tapping on the bear , as you tap , your points would be lighting up as well .
Growing up my Mom or myself would make out own pizza dough all the times .
If not , we got it from the local bakery where my Mom would work .
It 's not complicated to make fresh pizza dough , and honestly a little bit time makes a big difference in the final product .
And frozen pizza , are you kidding me ?
I know some claim you can freeze cheese but anytime I ever made a frozen pizza , the cheese does n't it met .
It goes from frozen to defrosted , to burnt .
Without much further ado , let 's take a look at what makes a pizza a pizza .
The Dough
Fresh dough is the best .
Either make you own or see if your bakery sells it .
I do see some bags of fresh dough at Trader Joes and on occasion at my local supermarket .
If you have the time though , it 's a simple thing to make .
I 've seen packages of instant pizza dough mixes , and even after reading the ingredients , which I always do , I tried them .
They are ok , but for the extra short amount of time and effort it takes to make a fresh ball of dough , why bother ?
The chemicals alone in this powder should be a deterent .
There are pizza shells .
Why they exist I do n't know .
They are pre-baked pizza forms that you top and rebake .
They are far from fresh and really not a good option .
There are gluten free options here , here and here .
While I gave wheat up for 6 months , I 've never cooked or baked anything that substituted other flours for wheat so I 've never tried any of these recipes .
Pizza dough recipes that use wheat are here with a more detailed explanation of working with pizza dough .
' I 'm forever experimenting with pizza dough recipes and this one is a favorite because it uses semolina flour .
It works well as a stromboli also .
Fogazzo Traditional Semolina Pizza Dough Recipe
Semolina adds complexity to this recipe , and makes it pliable enough for hand - tossing .
Ingredients :
2 cups warm water
1 packet active dry yeast
4 tablespoons olive oil
2 teaspoons sugar
2 teaspoons salt
2½ cups unbleached wheat flour
2½ cups semolina flour
Preparation :
Heat water to 110 degrees , add yeast and wait 5 minutes to be sure it is activated ( foamed ) .
Add olive oil , sugar and salt .
Mix with a spoon or whisk .
In a kitchen mixer , add liquid ingredients over flours and mix on lowest speed using a dough hook for 8 minutes .
Increase speed one notch and mix for another 3 minutes .
Place mixed dough on lightly oiled bowl and cover with plastic wrap for 2 hours or until double in size .
Remove from bowl , cut into 6 equal pieces , form into balls and place on lightly oiled tray .
Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate until ready to use .
Each dough ball yields a 14 inch pizza .
Option :
This dough recipe can be slow proofed overnight in the refrigerator ( retarded ) , and then used over several days .
The Sauce , if you choose to use one
This is where simplicity shines .
It quick and easy .
The pizza sauce I use does not cook for a long time .
I love the flavor of tomatoes on a pizza so I do n't use herbs in the sauce .
I use crushed tomatoes .
I drain the tomatoes through a sieve , and use the crushed part .
I drink the liquid that drains off as a virgin Bloody Mary with some horseradish , worcestershire sauce and lemon .
Pizza Sauce
1 28 oz can of crushed tomatoes ( I use Scalafani brand since they use local Jersey tomatoes )
2 cloves of garlic peeled and sliced
Olive oil
Salt to taste
Place about 1 / 4 " of olive oil in a sauce pan with sliced garlic and saute the garlic for a minute or two , Careful not to let it brown .
Remove the garlic with a slotted spoon and add the tomatoes .
Stir and add salt to taste .
Simmer for 10 minutes , and remove from heat .
Allow to cool slightly so the cheese do n't melt if you 're topping your pizza with it .
Cheese
Mozzarella rules .
Accept no other , Add parmesan or locatelli if you like but do that before you put the mozzarella on .
The grated cheese if placed on top will burn quickly .
Asiago and fontina are good cheeses to mix in also .
Ricotta is a popular choice also .
I 've seen cheddar mixed in on some premixed pizza blends .
If you are using very fresh mozzarella that is packed in water , allow it to drain a bit .
i recently forgot to do this and my pizza had a flood on top in the oven from the heat releasing the water .
Also , I cube the fresh mozzarella instead of trying to grate it .
And if you can ever get your hands on scamorza , it 's worth a try .
Toppings
You could top your pizza with anything you like .
I never understood the addition of pineapple , and when I tried I tried it , I understood why I never understood it .
I still do n't however it 's all a personal preference .
I like olives and mushrooms in mine if I top a red pizza .
As I mentioned earlier a white pizza with proscuitto and fresh aruglua is my overall favorite .
Keep the toppings to a minimum and enjoy the simplicity of the crust with tomatoes and melted cheese .
Choose wisely , and savor the experience .
Let it reflect who you are .
I would n't let Papa John speak for me at anytime , so why let him express my taste of what pizza should be ?
The 50 Richest People on Earth
Who are fifty richest people on the planet ?
This illustration shows their net worth , how they made their fortune and where they live .
The Rocky Mountain Oilfield Testing Center ( RMOTC ) is located at the Teapot Dome oil field , also known as the Naval Petroleum Reserve No. 3 ( NPR - 3 ) ( see image , below ) .
NPR - 3 is operated by the U.S. Department of Energy as a test site for new and developing oil and gas and renewable energy related technologies , and as a producing oil field .
The field is a 9,481 - acre operating stripper well oil field offering a full complement of associated facilities and equipment on - site .
There have been 1,319 wells drilled in the field with 589 of them plugged and abandoned .
Of the 730 remaining well bores , 300 are producing wells in nine producing reservoirs ranging in depth from 250 to 5,500 feet .
The remaining wellbores are temporarily shut - in or are used for testing .
Two formations at NPR - 3 , the Pennsylvanian Tensleep and Mississippian Madison formations , produce sufficient hot water to generate low - temperature geothermal energy .
The current flowing water resource from these formations is 45,000 barrels of water per day ( BWPD ) .
The present and potential areas for Tensleep and Madison production are shown in Figure 2 ( below ) .
The average production temperature for the Tensleep is 195 °F to 200 °F and for the Madison is 200 °F to 210 °F .
Currently , hot water in the oil field is a waste stream and is treated through a series of treatment ponds and then discharged into an adjacent stream .
Projections suggest that with minor work on existing wells , the rate for the combined Tensleep and Madison produced water would be between 126,000 and 210,000 BWPD .
NPR - 3 is not located in an area of known high surface heat flow ( Figure 3 , below ) , so the produced water temperatures seen from the relatively moderate depths of 5,500 feet are anomalous for the area .
Based on the temperatures observed from Tensleep and Madison production , the local geothermal gradient is 3.0 °F per 100 feet of depth ( 55 C per km ) .
This compares with an average thermal gradient for the southern Powder River Basin of 2.2 °F per 100 feet .
As the figure suggests , the heat flow at Teapot Dome is more similar to the “ Battle Mountain High ” of northern Nevada .
The water resource in both the Tensleep and Madison formations is continuously recharged from mountains to the west ( Figure 4 , below ) and the Tensleep reservoir has a strong water drive , resulting in no loss of reservoir pressure ( 2,350 PSI ) over 30 years of production .
The hydrologic system in the area must have the groundwater heated by proximity to deep basement rocks prior to entering the Teapot Dome anticline .
The Demonstration Project
In January 2007 , Reno , Nev. - based Ormat Nevada Inc. , which develops and operates geothermal power plants in Nevada , California and Hawaii , entered into a cooperative research and development agreement ( CRADA ) with DOE at RMOTC to perform a validation of an Ormat organic Rankine cycle ( ORC ) power system to generate commercial electricity from hot water produced at a typical oil field .
The project is designed to validate the premise that a binary geothermal power generation system that uses the hot water produced by an oil field can reliably generate commercial electricity .
For the demonstration , Ormat supplied the ORC power unit while RMOTC installed and is operating the facility for a 12 - month period .
Prior to this test , hot water in the oil field was considered a waste stream and treated through a series of treatment ponds and discharged into an adjacent stream .
The ORC power unit was connected into the field electrical system and the produced energy is metered and monitored for reliability and quality .
The produced electricity from the Tensleep wells is presently being used to power field production equipment .
The 250 kW unit arrived in the field as three skids with associated parts .
The three main components were an 8 ft by 40 ft vaporizer skid–which also contained the turbine , generator and instrumentation cabinet–and two 8 ft by 40 ft finned - tube condensers .
The assembly was completed in about one month using an oil field roustabout crew and contract welders ( Figure 5 , below ) .
The unit was wired directly into a 480 - volt leg of the field power distribution system .
Power from the unit is metered and monitored for reliability and quality .
For field safety purposes , the Ormat unit was installed such that the unit will shut down if the main field power is interrupted .
The power generation system was installed in August 2008 .
The unit ’s design was based on a relatively low produced water temperature of 170°F and an average ambient temperature of 50 °F , as shown in Table 1 ( below ) .
At design conditions , the nominal 250 kW unit would produce a gross power of 180 kW ( net 132 kW ) .
However , between initial design and installation , two major changes were made .
On the equipment design , the pump for the working fluid–isopentane –was incorporated into the turbine - generator package .
By incorporating this feature , the unit ’s parasitic electrical load was decreased .
On the field side , the Tensleep production facility was upgraded and an insulated , produced water storage tank installed .
This upgrade kept the produced water temperature in the 195 °F to 198 °F range .
The higher inlet water temperature allows the system to operate nearer the maximum net power output of 225 kW .
Since the system was put into full - time service in September 2008 , the net power output has ranged from 80 kW to 280 kW .
The output power fluctuates with the average daily ambient temperature when a constant hot water inlet volume is used ( Figure 6 , below ) .
Through Feb. 9 , 2009 , the unit had produced over 586,000 kWh of power from 3 million barrels of hot water .
Until last February , the generation system was online 90 percent of the time .
If the downtime caused by shutting down the system as a result of field power loss is removed , then the online percentage is 98 percent .
System - related downtime was largely the result of the operator ’s learning curve .
In February , the unit was shut down because of operational problems .
It was determined that changes in the control system and repairs to the generator / turbine system were needed .
The existing control system could not prevent higher than desired heat loads caused by daily ambient temperature fluctuations and a constant setting of hot - water flow rate .
The high heat loads damaged the generator ’s rear bearing .
The unit was removed , repaired and reinstalled with a new control system .
Repairs consisted of replacing the generator bearings and the mechanical seal between the turbine and generator .
The new control system included installing a hot - water flow control valve , a turbine vibrator sensor and temperature probes on both generator bearings .
The startup control for the unit was also changed providing for a smoother , trouble - free startup .
The unit was restarted on May 7 , 2009 .
Evaluation of changes to the system for better control of the inlet hot water to reduce fluctuating output power and the ability to generate power above 250 kW are being made .
A newly formed collaborative initiative with the DOE ’s Geothermal Technologies Program will continue to operate the existing 250 kW unit ( Ormat ) for three more years and install a second 250 kW unit at an additional site in the north of the field ( this one to be water cooled with associated cooling tower ) and operate it for three years .
In addition , RMOTC will develop a geothermal testing facility for testing small scale prototype power production systems requiring either air or water cooling .
" I am very excited to be a part of this team .
I am happy to be part of a great hockey community .
Vancouver has passionate fans . " -- Christian Ehrhoff
-- Ehroff 's teammate Ryan Johnson " Christian skates so well , moves the puck and has a great shot .
He has so many different assets to his game that make him such an effective player .
He has been a huge contributor for us and we are going to need him to continue that so we can become the team we want to be . "
The writing was on the wall for the Vancouver Canucks after their exit from the 2009 Stanley Cup Playoffs -- namely , the Canucks had to get their defense more involved in the offense .
With the constant flow in today 's NHL , defensemen need to be able to jump into the play .
They can't be tentative .
Plus , a defender must possess the acumen to recognize offensive opportunities and take full advantage .
That requires the mobility to help lead an attack and still have the wheels to get back into position and not get caught up ice .
Such rare commodities usually are drafted or secured through free agency .
Only under special circumstances are they made available via the trade route .
But that 's exactly what happened for the Canucks just prior to the start of the 2009 - 10 season .
The San Jose Sharks , anticipating a deal for a scorer to ride shotgun with Joe Thornton , created some salary cap room by parting with defensemen Christian Ehrhoff and Brad Lukowich in a deal with the Canucks for prospects Daniel Rahimi and Patrick White on Aug. 28 .
On Sept. 12 , the Sharks traded for Dany Heatley " I was surprised a little at the start , but I am really excited to come here to a great hockey club and a great city , " said Ehrhoff , who has added the offense the Canucks were seeking with 9 goals and 14 assists in 47 games .
He also is a plus - 19 .
" I was aware of the rumors and that 's why the trade never came to me as such a surprise .
I figured the Sharks had to make a move to create some cap space .
So I knew it was a possibility that ( a trade ) could happen .
But I am very excited to be a part of this team .
I am happy to be part of a great hockey community .
Vancouver has passionate fans .
" Ehrhoff now will have an unexpected cheering section during the 2010 Winter Olympics .
Playing for Germany for the third time in Olympic competition , Vancouver 's hockey fans will root their adopted son along .
Drafted by San Jose in the fourth round of the 2001 Entry Draft ( No. 106 ) , the young Ehrhoff resembled a thoroughbred with unbridled raw talent .
He was nurtured within the Sharks ' system , first with their AHL affiliate in Cleveland and then earning his way on the San Jose blue line by virtue of his speed , booming shot and improved defensive play .
Ehrhoff played 341 regular - season games with the Sharks , totaling 25 goals and 107 assists .
In 38 Stanley Cup Playoff games , he added 15 points ( 2-13 - 15 ) , and last season led the team in average ice time during the playoffs ( 24:47 ) .
He finished the 2008 - 09 season with career highs in assists ( 34 ) and points ( 42 ) , and tied for 23rd among NHL defensemen in points .
While offense always has been his calling card , Ehrhoff won the respect of his San Jose teammates and coaches by doing the dirty work -- blocking shots and playing through injuries .
Ehrhoff has brought those same qualities to Vancouver .
" He has performed as advertised and has been very consistent for us all year both offensively and defensively , " Canucks defenseman Kevin Bieksa said .
" I played against Christian for a number of years , going all the way back to the minors during the lockout season ( 2004-05 ) .
I have always known that he is a good skater with a good shot and moves the puck very well .
He also has an excellent work ethic .
" The 27 - year - old native of Moers , Germany , a town near the city of Dusseldorf , Ehrhoff is on pace to establish new personal offensive marks as he leads the attack from the Canucks ' back end .
" Like any player coming into a new environment it took a little while during training camp for Christian to get to know his teammates , " Vancouver coach Alain Vigneault said .
" We had a lot of talks with him regarding our expectations and the offensive element that he brings as far as carrying the puck out of the defensive zone on breakouts .
But I 'd have to say that after the first couple of weeks of training camp he has been one of our most consistent defensemen at both ends of the rink .
He has been playing real well and has been a real positive addition to our team . "
" I think my strengths are my skating , my shot and I am a two - way defenseman so I can play in both offensive and defensive situations , " Ehrhoff said .
" I want to work on all aspects of my game .
I do n't want to be satisfied with where I am so I am trying to work on all aspects and become a better player " .
" I thought he was good before in San Jose , " teammate Mikael Samuelsson said .
" He was a good defenseman and that 's why he is here .
Christian is playing good every game .
He is a solid all - round player , a really good skater and puts a lot of pucks to the net .
He is a steady defenseman .
" Ehrhoff was well - schooled in the San Jose system , where he learned the game is not just about being fast , but also about playing with pace .
He is moving his game to the next level in Vancouver .
" Yes he is , " said teammate Ryan Johnson .
" Christian skates so well , moves the puck and has a great shot .
He has so many different assets to his game that make him such an effective player .
He has been a huge contributor for us and we are going to need him to continue that so we can become the team we want to be .
" " Sometimes stats are a little overrated , " said Ehrhoff , dismissing his plus - 19 mark .
" You can be on the ice when somebody scores and other times you can play great for two games and you still get stuck with a minus .
I do n't think that is a good indicator of how well somebody is playing .
" A more meaningful stat relates to the effectiveness of the Canucks ' special teams , where Ehrhoff plays a significant role every game .
" Special teams are so important in this League , " defenseman Willie Mitchell said .
" If you look at teams that do well on the penalty kill and power play , you see that they have a great record .
That 's something that we are continually working on .
We are playing some very good teams coming up ( in the schedule ) , and it will be a good challenge for us to see if we have made that next step as a hockey team .
"
The statistic that matters most to Ehrhoff is the position of the team in the Western Conference standings , where a cluster of teams likely will battle it out right down to the wire for the final postseason spots .
" This is a real tough conference , " Vigneault said .
" You 've got to take it one game at a time and put your best game on the ice .
That 's what we are going to try to do until the end of the year .
It 's that simple . "
The gaming staff at Ars Technica has spent the past few weeks trying to avoid the multitudes of gaming lists that have been flooding the RSS feeds .
Everyone has a pick for game of the year , and many sites are giving us lists for game of the decade .
Since everyone has a different idea about what constitutes a game of the year , people invariably go into those lists with a firm idea of what they want to see ... and then they head to the comments to duke it out .
But the holidays should be about caring , love , and inclusion !
With that in mind , we 're going to hand out a wide variety of awards , both good and bad , to show just what we loved and , well , did n't love this year .
2009 was crazy , so let 's begin with the year - end Golden Ars awards .
I 'm a kid again !
Award :
Retro Game Challenge was one of the best surprises of the year .
You 're sent back in time by a man who simply wants someone to play video games with his younger self .
In the game you play various 8 - bit challenges that lovingly poke fun at the conventions of NES - era gaming , complete with gaming magazines you can read for tips .
It sounds weird on paper , and it is , but it 's also an elegant love letter to years we " wasted " in the basement with our digital and real life friends while the world passed us by outside .
Best Controller Award :
Mad Catz Fighting Stick Tournament Edition .
Shortages be damned , this was a beautiful , functional arcade stick that you could easily rip apart and modify to fit your needs .
It was n't wireless , but who cares ?
It worked great on Street Fighter IV , Marvel vs. Capcom 2 , and Pac - Man Championship Edition on the Xbox Live Arcade .
In terms of price , features , and performance , the Tournament Edition stick was one of the best ways to get an arcade - perfect experience in your home , minus the cigarette butts and bad lighting .
Turd Successfully Polished Award :
Did you see X - Men Origins : Wolverine in the theaters ?
Remember that part that was good ?
Yeah , me neither .
The movie was a bloated , joyless wreck , but the game that tied into the movie wisely threw away everything but the voice and likeness of Hugh Jackman , went for a hard - M rating , and allowed Wolverine to do what he does best : kill the crap out of everyone who gets in his way .
The game did have some problems , including a glitchy final act and some uninspired boss fights , but overall this is the Wolverine game we always wanted .
It was violent , fast - paced , and felt great to play .
If you 're bored one afternoon and see this for $ 20 or so , do yourself a favor and slice some fools up .
You 'll be glad you did .
Unexpectedly Wicked Award :
It 's a rare band that can handle an entire rhythm game dedicated to its music , and the Beatles : Rock Band proves that doing a band justice takes a whole lot of time , money , and love .
The other game that got everything right ?
Guitar Hero : Metallica .
We were as skeptical as anyone , but the stages were epic , the songs were expertly coded , and the songs that were n't by Metallica were selected with care .
It sounded like a great mix tape created by the ultimate fan , and all the songs were as fun to play as they were to listen to .
The game was a cohesive look at the band 's career that may have left a few people out — our apologies to Burton and Newsted — but was nevertheless worth your time and money .
Green Day : Rock Band is drawing snickers from the peanut gallery , and Guitar Hero : Van Halen redefines the idea of a lazy effort , but this one rhythm game showed just how much power is in the music of Metallica .
If you overlooked this one , we understand .
It 's time to fix your mistake , however .
Quickest Deflation of Hype Award :
Scribblenauts was the talk of E3 , and was given breathless coverage in the weeks leading to its release .
Then we received our review copy of the game .
The title was still innovative and original , but the interactions between objects were rather arbitrary , and the control scheme was maddening .
We had a good time playing the game , and it 's worth trying just to see all the good ideas put onto the cart , but the actual product falls very short of its promise and hype .
The Next Big
Thing ended up being a frustrating , if still amusing , experience .
We Seem to Be Missing a Dimension Award :
Some of the best games of the year only used two dimensions .
Street Fighter IV brought the venerable fighting game series back into the news , Marvel vs. Capcom 2 saw a wonderful re-release on the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 , Shadow Complex was a great example of the Metroidvania game mechanics , and Muramasa on the Wii showed just how good 2D artwork can look .
Contra received an update on WiiWare .
PixelJunk Shooter was an inspired PS3 release .
' Splosion Man featured some of the best animations we 've seen in a lead characters ... even while gleefully committing mass murder , and New Super Mario Bros .
Wii was one of the biggest releases of the year .
We live in a 3D world , but 2D still has its place , and developers continue to have fun with flat , but fun , games .
Can't .
Stop. Playing .
Award :
PopCap is no stranger to crafting addictive experiences , as anyone who has played either Bejeweled of Peggle can attest to .
But Plants vs Zombies is something else all together .
A fresh take on the well - worn tower defense genre , PvZ slowly ramps up in complexity before ultimately revealing a complex and impossible to put down strategy game .
And when you factor in the undeniably adorable art style and humor , well you have possibly the most addictive game of the year .
Too Little , Too Late Award :
While 360 , PS3 , and PC owners geared up for arguably the biggest release of the year in Modern Warfare 2 , Wii owners were stuck sitting on the sidelines .
Their consolation ?
A port of the original Call of Duty 4 : Modern Warfare , now two years old .
Heck , even Mac gamers got a port of COD4 before the Wii .
And while CoD:MW Reflex was n't a bad game , it arrived far too late for anyone to really care .
Most Likely to Ruin a Relationship Award :
New Super Mario Bros .
Wii took everyone 's favorite plumber back to his roots , but with one important addition : multi-player .
And when you take the precision platforming the series is known for and throw in a few other players , well , things can get downright ugly .
When someone constantly jumps on your head , steals your penguin suit , or goes off too far ahead , killing you in the process , it 's hard to keep your cool .
Thankfully , you can always get revenge by hogging all the starmen .
It has been nearly one year since Israel launched " Operation Cast Lead " on December 27 , 2008 .
It was at 11:30 AM that 88 Israeli aircraft flew above the Gaza Strip and simultaneously struck 100 targets within a span of just 220 seconds .
Thirty minutes later , a second wave of 60 jets and helicopters struck an additional 60 targets .
At least 230 Palestinians were killed and more than 700 injured on that one day alone .
Twenty - one days - and more than 1,000 Palestinian lives - later , the invasion officially ended .
The international community heaved a sigh of relief and proceeded to turn its back .
On the ground in the Gaza Strip , however , the invasion feels very much like it never ended - only this time it appears designed to finish the job with a slow death , well out of the radar of the global spotlight .
We must not let that happen .
On December 29 , 2009 , more than 500 human rights advocates from around the world will converge on the Rafah Crossing from Egypt into the Gaza Strip .
The goal of the Gaza Freedom Marchers : to enter Gaza , join in solidarity with the 1.5 million Palestinians literally imprisoned there , and - on December 31 - march in nonviolent unison to the Erez crossing into Israel .
Our demand : Israel - and all governments that enable it by failing to enforce international law - must open the borders in and out of Gaza now .
Since January 2006 , when Palestinians had the audacity to choose their own government in elections widely recognized as free and fair , Israel has imposed collective punishment on the people of Gaza in the form of a crushing blockade .
Less than a quarter of the volume of supplies they normally need have been allowed in since December 2005 - and in some weeks , the trickle permitted by Israel is significantly less .
Israel maintains a list of " dual-use " items such as steel pipes ( important for water - treatment plants ) and fertilizer , which it says could be used to manufacture weapons .
These are never allowed in , with rare exceptions for " special humanitarian cases .
"
Other materials are not permitted to enter simply because Hamas might benefit as well , by allowing government buildings to be repaired , for instance .
These include building supplies - cement , glass , wood , etc. - that are desperately needed to rebuild or repair the more than 20,000 homes and 90 percent of private businesses that were damaged or destroyed by the Israeli army .
As a result , many Gaza residents are forced to live among the rubble , in the ruins of their homes or in pop -up tents never meant to house families of eight - and certainly not for longer than a few weeks .
As the cold , rainy winter of Gaza approaches , I shudder to think what life will be like for these families - and wonder just how the children will be able to concentrate in school when they surely can't get a good night of sleep and are often hungry .
( More than 80 percent of Gazans depend on handouts from the United Nations Relief and Works Agency - UNRWA - for their food . )
The bottom line :
The UN trade and development agency says 90 percent of Gaza 's residents are currently barely living beneath the poverty line , and damages caused by Israel 's Operation Cast Lead are estimated at $ 4 billion - a sum the agency claims is three times larger than the Strip 's entire annual market performance .
Yet no rebuilding can begin , and no industry can thrive when the borders are hermetically sealed .
However , what most wrenched my heart during my visit to Gaza in June was the lack of plans and hopes for the future .
As one of my new friends there told me , " Every day is the same : all I see before me is an endless monotony - no way to use my skills to support myself or my family , and no prospect of relief . "
There are virtually no non-government jobs to be had , and as the Strip 's five universities churn out more graduates every year ( due to the high value placed on education by the Palestinian culture ) , the palpable mood of desperation and futility spreads broader and deeper .
Although many young men and women in Gaza would like to study abroad , particularly due to the very limited range of master 's and PhD programs available there , the prison doors remain shut to them as well .
Between July and September 2008 ( the most recent figures available ) , no more than 70 students managed to leave Gaza via Israel - the majority of whom had won scarce , prestigious scholarships like the Fulbright .
More than 1,000 students from Gaza apply to universities around the world every year , only to discover they can't get out .
It is these young people who will decide the future of the Gaza Strip , and of the region .
What are Israel 's stated reasons for keeping the " prison door " shut ?
Arieh Mekel from the Israeli foreign ministry was recently taped telling ABC News : " Education is not as urgent as the need for medical care ...
And anyway , the problem is in Gaza and with the people of Gaza who voted for Hamas .
We do what we can , but while Gaza is still ruled by Hamas , and while rockets are still being fired at Israelis , Palestinian students seeking education are not a priority .
" Yet , is there a more effective way to counter extremism than to encourage secular education and exposure to other points of view , while giving the people hope for their future ?
The policy of depriving Palestinians of a competitive education as well as gainful employment makes those goals nearly impossible .
One young man from the Gaza Strip , who will complete his bachelor 's degree in English literature in January , has this to say about his dream of studying journalism in a master 's program in the United States or United Kingdom , then returning home : " We would not be fair to Gaza if we leave it to the control of lawlessness ... , " writes 22 - year - old Mohammed Said El - Nadi in his blog .
" There are more than one thousand reasons that push people to leave Gaza , and not come back .
However , this is our only homeland .
We must roll up our sleeves and start right away to rebuild what has been destroyed .
We must bravely accept the challenge and start forging ahead to restore our glory .
We should have faith , and believe in our potential ... "
Perhaps that is just what scares Israel the most ....
It 's time to show Israel that the world will no longer accept this wanton and cruel suffocation of human potential .
Visit www.gazafreedommarch.org to find out how you can help , either actively on the ground in Gaza or here at home .
Basically , the people calling themselves the city of Keene are trying to get the property owners to do the city ’s dirty work and evict the homeless men from the lean - to behind the Hannaford shopping center .
They are fining the owners hundreds of dollars each day the homeless are allowed to inhabit the land , so it will be up to the owners to remove them .
Despite the homeless men working to improve their shack , one of the head aggressors makes it clear what the real issue is :
“ The bottom line is there ’s been no permit for the structure itself , ”
Medard K. Kopczynski , assistant city manager
It does n’t matter that these men worked to improve the safety of the structure they built and have happily occupied for months , you see , they did n’t BEG the city people for permission to build it in the first place .
It ’s not about safety – it ’s about OBEDIENCE .
Now the city is threatening the property owners .
If they do n’t pay the fines ( which they will ) , the city people will steal their property , just like they will do to you if you do n’t pay their arbitrary extractions .
Does anyone really believe that government is protecting you or serving you ?
The Keene Sentinel ’s David Greisman reports on the city gang ’s continued aggression against peaceful homeless people .
Story below .
See OTN ’s interview with the homeless men here .
The owners of a property where homeless men have taken shelter are facing an ultimatum from Keene city officials : have the men move out of the makeshift shack they built , or potentially pay up every day until that happens .
The land , behind the West Street Shopping Center in Keene , belongs to Timothy N. Robertson , a Democratic state representative from Keene , and his sister , Dorothy Arwe , also of Keene .
“ My sister ’s given in , ” Robertson said this morning .
“ She ’s the majority person behind the property .
It ’s a 60 - 40 deal .
She says we ’re going to do whatever they say , through her attorney , I guess .
I say , ‘ Fine , just do n’t involve me . ’ ”
Arwe , who Robertson said is spending the winter in Hilton Head Island , S.C. , could not be reached for comment .
Robertson said documents from the city first came to his lawyer and Arwe ’s lawyer .
He said he received the documents Monday and spoke to his sister about them Tuesday night .
“ I assume it did n’t impress her that we were ( being fined ) $ 275 a day since Dec. 10 , ” Robertson said .
Dec. 10 is the day city inspectors first visited the shack , which has no city permit .
The Sentinel has not yet obtained a copy of what Robertson received .
Robertson was en route to Concord this morning and was not able to provide a copy .
Keene City Attorney Thomas P. Mullins had no comment Wednesday evening and was not available for comment Thursday morning .
Cheshire County Superior Court officials said they have no record of the documents .
That is because the city has not filed anything in court yet , according to Keene City Manager John A. MacLean .
The documents sent to Robertson and Arwe are part of what MacLean called a dialogue between attorneys .
MacLean said he did not have a copy of the documents .
“ The dialogue has been entered into , and a filing could take place , but has n’t , ” MacLean said .
“ It ’s an attempt to try to start talking about this and how to resolve it . ”
City officials have said that the shack lacks a permit and does not meet building code , and that the ultimate responsibility would fall on the landowners .
Robertson has said he neither gave nor denied the men permission to be on the land .
“ They ’ve got to live somewhere , ” Robertson said last year .
“ I do n’t have any great solution to the problem , but I do n’t really want to treat them as criminals or untouchables .
I do n’t want to be a villain just because these people are troubled people .
Where do they go if they do n’t go there ?
I think it ’s probably better than a lot of places . ”
Robertson has said that if unlawful activity occurs on the land and he is not the one taking part in it , then he should not be held responsible for it .
“ Sure , I knew what was going on , ” Robertson said this morning .
“ It just never occurred to me that it ’d be my fault .
I ’ve never met the people .
I ’ve never seen the encampment . ”
For decades , homeless people have taken refuge in a place known to some as “ Tent City , ” behind the West Street Shopping Center .
Its residents change from year to year .
In 2009 , a group of people who are homeless for various reasons started what they call “ InTentCity , ” pronounced “ Intensity . ”
At one point , there were eight people living in a village with tents , shelves and amenities .
This winter there have been fewer people , now living inside a shelter that has insulated walls , electricity from a generator , beds , wood stoves and a DVD player .
Those remaining had said they would not live in shelters or stay on friends ’ couches .
City officials took notice of the shack after a December article about the site in The Sentinel .
Upon visiting , inspectors saw several issues .
In response , the shack ’s residents made safety - related changes to their wood stoves , added smoke and carbon monoxide detectors , and gave the building a second exit .
There were still concerns about how the shack was constructed .
“ The bottom line is there ’s been no permit for the structure itself , ” Medard K. Kopczynski , assistant city manager and health director for Keene , said in December .
“ It ’s built out of logs with scrap materials .
It has no foundation .
Gravity is holding it together .
It does n’t meet any sort of code .
It does n’t meet any sort of standard .
There are natural concerns that come out of that , ” Kopczynski said .
But rather than make another code inspection , the city opted to work through the property owners .
Robertson said he planned to talk to his attorney .
“ I think it ’s negotiable , probably , ” Robertson said .
“ They ’ll say , ‘ If you do what we said , we ’ll waive the fees . ’ ”
Robertson said his sister “ says she ’ll do whatever the city tells her .
I assume they ’ll negotiate with her .
She and I will work it out .
I assume I ’ll pay my share . ”
Victoria 's Police Association has reacted angrily to a cartoon in an Indian newspaper depicting one of the state 's officers as a member of the Ku Klux Klan .
The Delhi Mail Today newspaper published the cartoon in response to the murder of Indian student Nitin Garg in Melbourne last weekend .
The cartoon shows a person in a Ku Klux Klan hood wearing a police badge , with a caption that reads : " We Are Yet To Ascertain The Nature Of The Crime . "
The Indian media has suggested the attack may have been racially motivated , but Melbourne police say there 's no evidence of that .
Police Association secretary Greg Davies says it is highly offensive to suggest police are not properly investigating the murder .
" To say that our detectives are going slow on this , or for some reason trying to protect somebody , is incredibly offensive and wrong , " he said .
" It 's based on nothing but obviously a slow news day in Delhi .
" The identity of the offender from the homicide in Footscray is n't even known at this stage , so we do n't even know what nationality the offender is .
" To say it 's a race - based crime is not only premature , but stupid . "
The Police Minister , Bob Cameron , has added his voice to the condemnation of the cartoon .
" This is just terrible , " Mr Cameron said .
" Victoria Police is a very tolerant organisation and Victoria is a very tolerant state and to suggest that Victoria Police is racist is just plain wrong and it's offensive to the good police we have here in Victoria .
" It just does n't help anyone at all to have people from the sidelines throwing bricks , " he said .
" We 've got a good police force and we should let our police force go about their policing business in a sensible and a calm way . "
( See Corrections & Amplifications below ) .
TEL AVIV , Israel – Israel is developing an army of robotic fighting machines that offers a window onto the potential future of warfare .
Sixty years of near - constant war , a low tolerance for enduring casualties in conflict , and its high - tech industry have long made Israel one of the world 's leading innovators of military robotics .
WSJ 's Charles Levinson reports from Jerusalem to discuss Israel 's development of robotic , unmanned combat systems .
He tells Simon Constable on the News Hub how they are deploying unmanned boats , ground vehicles and aerial vehicles .
" We 're trying to get to unmanned vehicles everywhere on the battlefield for each platoon in the field , " says Lt. Col. Oren Berebbi , head of the Israel Defense Forces ' technology branch .
" We can do more and more missions without putting a soldier at risk . "
In 10 to 15 years , one - third of Israel 's military machines will be unmanned , predicts Giora Katz , vice president of Rafael Advanced Defense Systems Ltd. , one of Israel 's leading weapons manufacturers .
" We are moving into the robotic era , " says Mr. Katz .
Over 40 countries have military - robotics programs today .
The U.S. and much of the rest of the world is betting big on the role of aerial drones : Even Hezbollah , the Iranian - backed Shiite guerrilla force in Lebanon , flew four Iranian - made drones against Israel during the 2006 Lebanon War .
When the U.S. invaded Iraq in 2003 , it had just a handful of drones .
Today , U.S. forces have around 7,000 unmanned vehicles in the air and an additional 12,000 on the ground , used for tasks including reconnaissance , airstrikes and bomb disposal .
In 2009 , for the first time , the U.S. Air Force trained more " pilots " for unmanned aircraft than for manned fighters and bombers .
U.S. and Japanese robotics programs rival Israel 's technological know - how , but Israel has shown it can move quickly to develop and deploy new devices , to meet battlefield needs , military officials say .
" The Israelis do it differently , not because they 're more clever than we are , but because they live in a tough neighborhood and need to respond fast to operational issues , " says Thomas Tate , a former U.S. Army lieutenant colonel who now oversees defense cooperation between the U.S. and Israel .
Among the recently deployed technologies that set Israel ahead of the curve is the Guardium unmanned ground vehicle , which now drives itself along the Gaza and Lebanese borders .
The Guardium was deployed to patrol for infiltrators in the wake of the abduction of soldiers doing the same job in 2006 .
The Guardium , developed by G - nius Ltd. , is essentially an armored off - road golf cart with a suite of optical sensors and surveillance gear .
It was put into the field for the first time 10 months ago .
In the 2006 Lebanon War , Israeli soldiers took a beating opening supply routes and ferrying food and ammunition through hostile territory to the front lines .
In the Gaza conflict in January 2009 , Israel unveiled remote - controlled bulldozers to help address that issue .
More on Israel Israel pioneered the use of aerial drones like the Heron , under construction , above , at Israeli Aerospace Industries .
David Furst / AFP for The Wall Street Journal .
WSJ.com / Mideast : News , video , graphics
Within the next year , Israeli engineers expect to deploy the voice - commanded , six - wheeled Rex robot , capable of carrying 550 pounds of gear alongside advancing infantry .
After bomb - laden fishing boats tried to take out an Israeli Navy frigate off the coast off Gaza in 2002 , Rafael designed the Protector SV , an unmanned , heavily armed speedboat that today makes up a growing part of the Israeli naval fleet .
The Singapore Navy has also purchased the boat and is using it in patrols in the Persian Gulf .
After Syrian missile batteries in Lebanon took a heavy toll on Israeli fighter jets in the 1973 war , Israel developed the first modern unmanned aerial vehicle , or UAV .
When Israel next invaded Lebanon in 1981 , the real - time images provided by those unmanned aircraft helped Israel wipe out Syrian air defenses , without a single downed pilot .
The world , including the U.S. , took notice .
The Pentagon set aside its long - held skepticism about the advantages of unmanned aircraft and , in the early 1980s , bought a prototype designed by former Israeli Air Force engineer Abraham Karem .
That prototype morphed into the modern - day Predator , which is made by General Atomics Aeronautical Systems Inc .
Unlike the U.S. and other militaries , where UAVs are flown by certified , costly - to - train fighter pilots , Israeli defense companies have recently built their UAVs to allow an average 18 - year - old recruit with just a few months ' training to pilot them .
Military analysts say unmanned fighting vehicles could have a far - reaching strategic impact on the sort of asymmetrical conflicts the U.S. is fighting in Iraq and Afghanistan and that Israel faces against enemies such as Hezbollah and Hamas .
In such conflicts , robotic vehicles will allow modern conventional armies to minimize the advantages guerrilla opponents gain by their increased willingness to sacrifice their lives in order to inflict casualties on the enemy .
However , there are also fears that when countries no longer fear losing soldiers ' lives in combat thanks to the ability to wage war with unmanned vehicles , they may prove more willing to initiate conflict .
In coming years , engineers say unmanned air , sea and ground vehicles will increasingly work together without any human involvement .
Israel and the U.S. have already faced backlash over civilian deaths caused by drone - fired missiles in Gaza , Pakistan and Afghanistan .
Those ethical dilemmas could increase as robots become more independent of their human masters .
Write to Charles Levinson at charles.levinson@wsj.com
Corrections & Amplifications
General Atomics Aeronautical Systems Inc. manufactures the Predator unmanned aerial vehicle .
A previous version of this article incorrectly stated that General Dynamics Corp. manufactured the UAV .
It is hugely difficult to imagine the future as a radically different place , which is probably why so many visions of the future in the past century have stuck to three basic templates : silver suits and hover - boots ; totalitarian nightmare ; apocalyptic wasteland .
Still , given the way football has evolved in the 146 years since it was codified , it is probably safe to assume that the age of revolutions is over , and that developments in tactics over the coming decade will be incremental rather than radical .
The great revolutions – passing , the move from 2 - 3 - 5 to W - M ; catenaccio ; the development of the back four ; total football – all sprang up either in response to rule changes , or from a culture with little previous experience of football , and thus a less rigid conception of how it should be played .
In the modern world of blanket television coverage , it is almost impossible for football to grow up in the sort of isolation that could allow tactical quirks to develop .
As in so much else , globalisation is leading to homogeneity .
Malcolm Gladwell tells the story of Vivek Ranadive , who coached his daughter 's team of 12 - year - olds into the US 's national championships despite having no previous knowledge of basketball .
Baffled by the way , as he saw it , basketball teams effectively took turns to attack , Ranadive applied the principles he 'd picked up from football and encouraged his side to press the opponent in possession high up the court .
I have no idea whether that would be effective at the top level of basketball , but my point is that if there is to be a revolution in football tactics , it will almost certainly come from another sport , or at least from a culture in which another sport predominates .
The possibility of revolution
It always strikes me when reading US and Japanese accounts of football that there is a dislocation , not merely in vocabulary , but in the way of thinking about the game .
This is a generalisation , of course , but broadly speaking Europeans view football more as a continuum , the US and Japanese as a series of discrete events .
Japanese magazines are full of intricate diagrams that look good but I 'm not sure reflect the game as a whole , while I often detect a frustration from US commentators that football does n't lend itself more readily to the sort of statistical analysis that predominates in American football and basketball .
One of the oddest comments on Inverting the Pyramid came from a US reviewer who expressed surprise that 140 years of tactical history seemed to have produced nothing more sophisticated than moving a player a little bit forward or back , and speculated on the impact an American football offensive or defensive coach might have on football .
I would suggest that the anarchic nature of football , the lack of set - plays to be replicated and practised , militates against the sort complex pre-rehearsed moves he was talking about .
But I do n't know for sure .
It may be that the approach does eventually yield something profound and new and – at the moment – unthinkable , just as Allen Wade , the former technical director of the FA , instituted a new way of thinking about the game when he broke it down into multiple phases for his influential coaching course which produced a generation of coaches that included Roy Hodgson and Don Howe .
He faced early opposition for being overly functional but , as the Swedish academic Tomas Peterson puts it , he introduced to football a " second order of complexity " , a knowledge of its own working such as Picasso brought to painting or Charlie Parker to music .
Or maybe North Korea , which is about as close as football gets to the Maliau Basin , will take advantage of its isolation to generate something new .
The team did , after all , play a 3 - 3 - 3 - 1 at times in World Cup qualifying which , if not revolutionary , is at least unusual .
Isolation in itself , though , is not necessarily a good thing , because it often leaves the isolated vulnerable to predators to which the rest of the world has built up immunity – Argentina 's humbling at the 1958 World Cup after years of Peronist isolation being the prime example .
The aeroplane model
Whether there is a revolution or not , evolution will continue .
Justifying Dynamo Kyiv 's switch to 4 - 4 - 2 in the mid-60s ( which seems to have happened fractionally before Alf Ramsey 's similar but independent change in England ) , Viktor Maslov said : " Football is like an aeroplane .
As velocities increase , so does air resistance , and so you have to make the head more stream - lined . "
Although the progression has not been straightforward , Maslov has broadly been proved right .
Over the past year in the Premier League there has been a turn back towards 4 - 4 - 2 ( or 4 - 4 - 1 - 1 ) , but single striker systems remain common and in Spain 4 - 2 - 3 - 1 has been the default for some time .
At Barcelona – and Arsenal have followed their shape – that itself is being modified , with the two wide attacking players further advanced and the second striker pulled back into a deeper playmaking role to form a 4 - 3 - 3 .
What is fascinating about Barcelona 's 4 - 3 - 3 is that while it may look roughly similar to the 4 - 3 - 3 of , say , José Mourinho 's Chelsea , it has been arrived at via a different evolutionary route ( through 4 - 2 - 3 - 1 rather than through the diamond ) , and so functions in subtly different ways – a useful reminder that tactics are a combination of formation and style and that , as cannot be said often enough , formations themselves are neutral .
Malsov 's analogy requires a slight gloss , for to say a team must be streamlined does n't make a huge amount of sense .
What he meant , presumably , was that as the velocity of players increases , it becomes harder for them to find space , and thus more necessary for attacking players to come from deeper positions , making them harder to pick up .
As a general principle that remains true , although we would perhaps say now , having seen the goal - scoring success of Cristiano Ronaldo and Barcelona 's forwards cutting in from the wings , that it is advantageous to play with attacking players coming from deeper or wider positions , which rather ruins the image of streamlining .
Corollary to that is the use of false nines , centre - forwards who drop deep into a playmaking role , disrupting the opponent 's marking scheme , as Lionel Messi did to such startling effect in Barça 's 6 - 2 win at Real Madrid last season .
The two directions of the centre - forward
The false nine is one of two directions in which the centre - forward position seems to be heading ( at the highest level – lower down , where control of possession and imagination of approach are necessarily less prioritised , the traditional virtues of being quick or big or predatory are still of value ) .
If he is not refining himself out of existence , he is doing the exact opposite , and imposing himself as a powerful leader of the line and creator of space in the manner of Didier Drogba , Emile Heskey or even Bobby Zamora .
Some , such as Dimitar Berbatov and Zlatan Ibrahimovic , combine both styles .
Either way , the situation has emerged whereby a striker 's primary function is no longer to score goals , but to create the space for others to do so .
Obviously it 's advantageous if he can take chances , or even conjure up goals out of nothing , which is what makes Drogba and Fernando Torres so special , but increasingly goals alone are an inadequate measure by which to judge a forward .
If the poacher is n't dead yet , he may well be in a decade 's time .
Universality ( in patches )
That diversification of the striker 's role is part of the wider trend towards universality .
It was an ideal first articulated by Maslov , before being more fully theorised by Valeriy Lobanovskyi and Arrigo Sacchi , and found its practical form not just at Dynamo and Milan , but also at Celtic in the late 1960s , and at Ajax and Bayern Munich in the 1970s .
The latter three had young teams who , maturing together , grew almost organically to play to each other 's strengths and cover each other 's flaws , developing a highly fluid style of play .
At Dynamo and Milan , it was a conscious policy enforced by visionary coaches .
I have my doubts as to whether their rigorously systematised approach is possible in an age of celebrity , but the more general logic of universality pertains .
An analogy can be drawn with table football .
Get beyond a certain level , and the key attacking players become the back two because they have time and the space behind them to line up a shot ; the three forwards thus take on a function as blockers .
As full - backs in football proper have exploited the space they have been afforded and become more attacking , so wide forwards have become more defensive to close them down .
As that has happened , it has become apparent that the player with most space is no longer the full - back , but the second centre - back , which may lead to the return of the libero , something that can already be seen in the performances of Gerard Piqué .
With the liberalisation in the offside law stretching the game so it tends to be played in four bands not three , it seems likely that the coming decade will see some elision of the roles of attacking centre - back and holding midfielder , and thus to teams effectively playing with three - and - a - half at the back .
The Hegelian model
Evolution , though , is not linear .
It hops about , goes forward and back , and is n't necessarily for the better .
Ten years ago , you 'd have said football was becoming a game for physical monsters , but the success of the likes of Messi , Xavi , Andrés Iniesta and Andrey Arshavin suggest that while players with the physique of Cristiano Ronaldo clearly have certain advantages , there is still a place for the comparatively diminutive player with skill .
And it 's worth remembering that 30 years ago the decathlete - turned - full - back Hans - Pieter Briegel was hailed as the player of the future , only to be at least partly responsible for four of the six goals West Germany conceded in the World Cup finals of 1982 and 1986 .
Size remains something , but not everything .
To an extent , evolution is a game of cat and mouse : a space opens , it is closed , and so a space opens elsewhere .
A rugby writer recently suggested to me that rugby World Cups tend not to produce attacking play because of a natural cycle .
After each tournament , he said , law variations are brought in to open the game up , which works for a year or two , but by the time the next tournament comes around , coaches have worked them out and so it becomes more defensive again .
It seems to me that , with one or two exceptions – the 1925 change in the offside law , the 1992 outlawing of the backpass and the tackle from behind in response to the sterility of Italia 90 – football is strong enough to generate new ways of attacking on its own without recourse to tinkering with the game 's mechanics , but the process of thesis , antithesis , synthesis is the same .
Lurking behind progress , though , are old ideas waiting to be reapplied .
Most obviously in the past decade , Greece won Euro 2004 playing with man-markers , setting opponents a problem they had forgotten how to solve .
The success Stoke had with Rory Delap 's long throws last season fall into a similar category .
Teams now have remembered how to counter them , and so they are no longer such a potent threat .
It may even be that towards the end of the next decade , as centre - backs have got used to advancing , that the poacher is resurrected as a counter to attacking defenders .
But it seems fair to assume that the recognition of the holistic nature of football – of the team as energy - system , as Lobanovskyi put it – will become more widespread , particularly as statistical analysis becomes more sophisticated and the effects of events in one part of the pitch on events in another are more fully understood .
To resurrect an old line , you do n't win games by scoring goals , you score goals by winning games : by playing the game where you want it to be played , thus maximising your team 's strengths and minimising those of your opponent .
[ Steven A. Reisler : ]
Our speaker this afternoon is Eben Moglen , who is a professor of law and legal history at Columbia University , but more importantly , he is a director of the Freedom … of the Software Freedom Conservancy , and is a recipient of the Electronic Frontier Foundation ’s Pioneer Award on behalf of freedom in electronic society .
I want you to know that when we were putting this program together , we specifically targeted professor Moglen to come out here for this event , which is quite a chore , because he’s on the east coast and – as you might have gathered – we ’re not .
And so , he has made the herculeanian effort to come out here to a different time zone , to a different part of the country , and indeed a different culture .
[ Laughter ]
Those of us who believe in Ecotopia and believe that at one point we will secede and we will have our own government and our own nation , know that perhaps we will also have our own software regime , [ Laughter ] perhaps .
I do n’t think there ’s much more I can do to abuse this gentleman , and I ’m really not trying to , I ’m just trying to add some levity to what I know is going to be a very good presentation , and as I ’ve said before , I will not read people ’s CVs ; you have this information in the biographies that were provided to you and that I know you have committed to memory .
So without further ado ( ado , ado ) , I would like to give you professor Eben Moglen .
[ Applause ]
[ Eben Moglen : ]
Thank you ,
It ’s a great honor to be here .
I am very appreciative of the chance .
It is sometimes a pleasure to be in Seattle .
I ’m usually here in war time rather than peace time .
This week is something in between the two , but this afternoon , at any rate , is purely peace time .
The network is changing human society irreversibly in crucially important ways .
It is now possible , I think , even for people who are loosely attached to the network , to feel the nature of those changes .
I thought Laura ’s example this morning – about indigenous people in Zapotec who have discovered that they need the network , not primarily in order to participate in the market economy but in order to resist the pathologies of the market economy as it may affect them – is an important story in that way .
The network that now sustains the highly developed human societies also sustains less developed societies in their determinations to develop according to their own internal principles , as it sustains all other human activities , and becomes increasingly indispensable to them .
Networks are by nature commons of a particular kind , or rather of several particular kinds , and which kinds the networks are is a crucial subject .
It is possible to counterfeit the phenomena of commons in a wholly - owned network completely controlled by a benevolent autocrat smart enough to pretend to be invisible , which is of course the smartest kind of autocracy , and I would suggest to you that both Facebook and the 3G cell phone networks are examples of autocratic networks under construction , in which the owners are trying to be , to one degree or another , invisible .
The problem that besets them is that you must be at one and the same time invisible and also possessed of a brand that everybody on Earth recognizes , and that ’s a little tricky .
You do it by associating the brand with the idea of yourself , the user , rather than the power at the other end .
But we ’ll talk about that a little more shortly .
All I wanted to do at the outset was to stress that the network is irreversibly changing human life .
One of the important questions , then , is how it changes some of the hitherto unchangeable elements of human life .
The most important unchangeable reality about human societies heretofore is the every human society since the beginning , whenever that was , has wasted almost all the brains it possessed .
[ Laughter ]
It is , of course , something so natural to us that it strikes us as an odd aperçu when we meet it , but of course we know that it is true .
We know that it is true , and that there was n’t any way to prevent it from being true , even as we know that it ’s an injustice .
A deep injustice .
So let ’s begin by recognizing , as Laura Nader was urging us to do , that one of the great problems about injustice is that , like power , it is most effective when it can succeed in remaining invisible .
And one of the best ways of being invisible is to be something that everybody knows , but you ca n’t do anything about it , so you might as well forget .
And so we forget – as we tend to forget every day when the newspaper is n’t headlined with the 50.000 children who starved to death yesterday – we forget that one of the fundamental characteristics of human societies heretofore has been their wastage of human brains .
And I go around , and I say to people “ How many of the Einsteins who ever existed were permitted to learn physics ? ” .
And people think “ Well , maybe one , maybe two – maybe Isaac Newton was another Einstein … ” but of course the answer is “ Almost none ” ; so few , in fact , that we know the names of them .
[ Laughter ]
Which , had we educated all the Einsteins in the world , in physics , since the beginning , we could n’t do , because there would be so many of them .
And what we think of as the extraordinary characteristics of genius are primarily merely the selection function applied to human diversity , through radical injustice in access to the ability to learn .
Which means , of course , that we know that – smart guys as we all are – we are really only the fraction of the smart guys in the world who ’ve been allowed to learn anything , in a world where there are six billion people , most of whom will never be able to go to school .
And their brains will starve to death .
So the basic question – now that our attention is concentrated on one of those obvious things that we do n’t think about very much – so the question now is “ Can the network be used to change that , for the first time in the history of human societies , and if it were used to change that , what would it be like ? ” .
This is the introduction to the free software movement .
This is the purpose of the free software movement .
This is the aim not only of the free software movement , but of a large number of the other things we are doing that arise from the fact that the digital revolution means that knowledge no longer has a non -zero marginal cost , that when you have the first copy of any significant representation of knowledge – whatever the fixed cost of the production of that representation may have been – you have as many additional copies , everywhere , as you need , without any significant additional costs .
The non -zero marginal cost quality of all the things we digitize , which – in the society we are now building – is everything we value , because we digitize everything we can value , right down to how we fit in our jeans , right ?
In the world where we digitize everything of value and everything of value has been digitized , a moral question of significance arises :
When you can provide to everybody everything that you value , at the cost of providing it to any one body , what is the morality of excluding people who cannot afford to pay ?
If you could make as much bread , or have as many fishes , as you needed to feed everyone , at the cost of the first loaf and the first fish plus a button press , what would be the morality for charging more for loaves and fishes than the poorest person could afford to pay ?
It ’s a difficult moral problem , explaining why you are excluding people from that which you yourself value highly and could provide to them for nothing .
The best way of solving this moral problem is not to acknowledge its existence , which is the current theory .
[ Laughter ]
Right ?
The current theory in force takes the view that industrial society lived in a world of non-zero marginal cost for information – information and the ability to learn had to be embedded in analog things : books , recordings , objects that cost non-zero amounts of money to make , move , and sell .
Therefore , it was inevitable that representations of things we value would have significant marginal costs .
And in economies operating efficiently and competitively , – or for that matter , efficiently and non-competitively – there would still be some cost that somebody has to pay at the other end to receive each copy of something of meaning or value , unless there is somebody available to provide a subsidy .
And since that was the 20th century reality , it was appropriate to have moral theory which regarded exclusion as an inevitable necessity .
The discussion , of course , was about scale .
“ Ought we to find ways to subsidize more knowledge for more people ? ” , and the United States became not merely the wealthiest and most powerful country , after the second world war , not merely the indispensable or inevitable country , it became the intellectually most attractive country because it heavily subsidized the availability of sophisticated knowledge to people who could make use of it , even people who came elsewhere from poorer societies , or who had not the money to pay .
And after the second world war , in the G.I. Bill , the United States took a unique approach to the age - old problem of how to reduce social disorder after war time through the demobilization of a large number of young men trained to the efficient use of collective violence – a thing which is always worrisome to societies , and which typically produces repression movements post - war , as the society as a whole tries to get back its leverage over those young men – the G.I .
Bill was a radical , and indeed productive approach to the problem , namely send everybody to as much education as they want to have , at the expense of the state which is grateful to them for risking their lives in its defense .
A splendid system ; on the basis of that , and the provision of tertiary and quaternary education to the talented elite of the world , the United Stated government built a special place for its society in the world , as throwing away fewer brains than its power and importance would otherwise have tended to indicate it would do .
But we are no longer talking about whether we can save people , identified as the elite of other societies , from the ignorance to which they might otherwise fall prey , through enlightened federal spending .
We are talking about eliminating ignorance .
We ’re talking about addressing the great deprivation of knowledge of everything of use and utility and beauty from everybody , by building out the network across humanity , and allowing everybody to have the knowledge and the culture that they wish to obtain .
And we ’re talking about doing that because the alternative to doing that is the persistence of an immoral condition .
All right .
So the free software movement is dedicated to a crucial fractional part of that larger overall project .
Or rather , it is dedicated to two fractional parts of that overarching project , because it ’s the free software movement , and it has both technical and political aims .
The technical aim of the free software movement was to ensure that the evolving network could not be biased at the invisible technical level , through the ownership of the software that made it .
All of these networks of information sharing are composed – at the bottom level , where the technicians think – of two propertied entities : pipes and switches .
Pipes are things that move a signal from one end to the other without modifying it or changing its direction .
They can be electromagnetic spectrum , they can be copper wire in the ground , they can be optical fibers thinner than a human hair carrying hundreds of millions of signals simultaneously , but whatever they are , their job is transport – they move a thing from A to B , and they do n’t change it , and they do n’t determine where either A and B are .
The other thing of which the network is constituted is switches .
Switches are what determine who gets what , where , when , how and how much they pay for it .
Switches are the things which determine which signals in the net go where , and why .
Switches are computers , and they run by code , and , as my dear friend and colleague Larry Lessig pointed out in his first brilliant book “ Code ” , they are capable of imitating law , because they create reality .
They determine who gets what , and in determining who gets what and at what price they determine access to knowledge and therefore power .
Switches , in other words , in their role as technical decision makers in the net , determine many of the issues which bear on the moral question of which I am speaking to you .
If switches run software which is produced by somebody , which other people have no right to copy , modify , understand , change , or share , then the person who makes the software that goes in the switches controls the network .
Everything which has happened in the last 20 years concerning Microsoft – the good things , the bad things , the up things , the down things , the places where they succeeded , the places where they failed , the places where their bribery was accepted and endorsed , and the places where their bribery was rejected and punished – are all about the question about who was willing to permit the switches to be monopolized .
Almost everybody was willing to permit the switches to be monopolized to some extent , provided , usually , that they got a piece of the action .
We were unwilling to have the switches monopolized .
We decided to do something about it , and the thing we decided to do about it was done before Mr. Gates decided to monopolize them .
We are effectively a product of the very same world that produced the thing we were fighting against – the perception that something enormous was about to happen , and that we ought to decide how it would happen .
And my friend and client Mr. Richard Stallman was the first human being to perceive , elegantly , an overall plan for what to do about it .
He , and those of us who have worked with him over the course of the past generation – that is , 20 years or so – were basically struggling to achieve the first sequence in an overall plan to do something about the great moral issue of the wastage of brains through the presence of unfreedom in the evolving network .
The first step is :
Make it possible for every switch – that is , every general purpose computer in the network – to operate solely in the interest of the the person who possesses that switch , using software which everybody has a right to copy , modify , and change .
If everybody has the right to understand how software works , copy it , modify it , and change it , then everybody will be able to affect the performance of the network as it affects them .
Sure , not everybody will be a hacker who takes it apart and rewrites it and puts it back the way she would like it to be , but everybody will be able to benefit from everybody else ’s experiments and improvements – the network will be a place of science .
That is , a place where knowledge is developed around a principle of free sharing and the verification of experiment by reproduction and the availability of all knowledge to anybody who wants it .
That is , the network will be a place of science , not a place of power – that is , a place where somebody determines and other people must make their peace with the way it is .
If you think for a moment about how often you in your daily lives have to make your peace with the way it is , with respect to something you ca n’t change the behavior of because the software inside it is unfree , you will understand the basic principle which was being invoked .
If the thing refuses do do what I want it to do because it thinks I should n’t have the knowledge I am asking for , – either because that knowledge is forbidden me or because I cannot afford it – if the thing I am facing is making that decision , then changing the way that thing behaves will change what I can have ; therefore will change who I can be , because what I can get determines who I will become .
So , that was the goal of a movement :
To make software – and therefore , the operation of the network built out of software – free , as in freedom .
That is to say , responsive to the need of people to have a nervous system for humanity – a global nervous system for humanity – that worked for them , that did not paralyze them , that did not render their brains the wholly - owned subsidiary of whoever it was who determined the behavior of the network that could educate them , or could refuse to .
In that respect , the free software movement was about making free software and giving it away .
The technical problem to be resolved in that structure , for the lawyer , is to understand what kind of commons the software in such a network ought to be .
And for these purposes I think it would be good to focus just for a little bit on some technical issues in the political structure of commons .
It was suggested in the talks this morning that there is a false dichotomy between what is “ open ” and what is “ closed ” , and we would agree .
The problem is precisely that “ open ” is not a good enough word .
“ Free ” is helpful , but a little deceptive in English , because in English the word “ free ” may be a statement about price , or it may be a statement about politics .
But the important difference in discussing a free commons over a merely “ open ” commons has to do with the technical question of terms of appropriation .
A commons that is “ open ” may very well be a commons from which appropriation can be freely made , by anybody .
If it is “ open ” in that sense , then , whether you are Garrett Hardin , or you are Karl Marx , or you are Adam Smith , you can perceive , and each of them does perceive , that there will be a problem of dealing with overappropriation .
Things will be taken from the commons , and they wo n’t be refreshed , and eventually there is at least the risk that the commons will die .
Now , “ open ” digital commons – unlike natural resource commonses that are built around openness – digital commons that are “ open ” can , for a substantial period of time , resist tragic outcomes .
The reason is the non-zero marginal cost nature of the goods they contain ; appropriation is a form of free - riding , but in non-zero marginal cost digital commons , free - riding is n’t necessarily a fatal problem .
Most of the people who use free software never return any patches to the system , or write any documentation , or support any programmers , and it does n’t matter , because we can afford to produce for everybody at such tiny expenses that we can internalize them over a much smaller portion of the community than everybody in it .
So an “ open ” commons can provide , if you like , the subsidy naturally necessary to maintain orders of magnitude greater breadth than the traditional systems for publishing and disseminating knowledge , but they are still subject to monopolization .
In order to monopolize across an open commons you have to be very rich , very big , very deep , and have a long time scale .
If you do , then you can take everything that is put into the open commons , pull it out , put it in your proprietary products , and compete against the commons advantageously .
For years , we expected Microsoft to begin to do that .
It was the ideal strategy .
What primarily prevented Microsoft from doing that were collective corporate psychological factors that are now changing .
But a “ free ” commons , – a copyleft commons , if you want to be precise about its name in the world where the dominant structuring law around the commons is copyright law – a copyleft commons is a commons which says about appropriating : “ You may do it freely , provided that you put everything that you make out of what you appropriate back into the commons . ”
In the world of copyright , this was easily done by a little hack to the way the exclusive rights work .
The hack , which was first contained in the second version of the GNU General Public License , or GPL , and which now exists also in the third version of the GPL and other copyleft instruments in the world , like the Creative Commons “ Share - Alike ” license family – “ SA ” is the Creative Commons ’ abbreviation for “ copyleft ” – copyleft commons say “ Here , here ’s wonderful stuff , we made it , it works , it ’s good , take anything you want , just do n’t try and reduce anybody ’s rights in anything you make from materials in this commons , below the level guaranteed by this commons . ” , and in copyright law , that can be done very simply : “ Here ’s a license that lets you do anything you want as long as you use this license for all works made from anything you got under this license . ”
Once you have taken that step , once you have decided to use the owner ’s exclusive right in order to give the commons a principle of self - protection , you have achieved a commons which cannot be monopolized by any appropriator , no matter how strong , and no matter how rich .
This is the experiment now being pursued in the global software industry , which presently lives in a world of “ open ” commons , “ free ” commons , proprietary closed software , and mixtures of all the kinds permitted by all the legal terms available .
Those software commons and closures are also governed , at least to some extent , by a law of patent about software , most of it generated in the United States between 1990 and 2008 , and now perhaps also beginning to die , but a very serious complication , adding many Ptolemaic epicycles and many opportunities for politics for those of us who actually do this law as a technical subject .
But for purposes of those who are n’t specialists , let us just say that what happened over the course of the last 20 years is that those people who perceived what the network could be for the evolution of human equality , and who set out to make steps towards guaranteeing that the network would behave as a system for the production of more human equality , chose free software as a primary way of ensuring that the network would remain free , as a technical matter , that the external nervous system of humanity , which is going to grow very robust indeed , could not be distorted into a force that would be used to prevent rather than to further equality .
After 20 years our results are very good .
Free software is embedded irremovably in the belly of all of the developed societies in all of everything they do .
It ’s not exclusively embedded there , but even the monopolists , which is the deepest funded and most powerful technological entity in the history of human beings , can no longer remove the free commons from the network .
They can not outcompete it .
There is some significant question as to whether they can compete with it at all .
Now we are moving into a period in which that will be tested .
Not , I think , in a series of one great war containing one immense battle , or even ten , but rather into a system of long , meditated , and pretty severe endgame .
In which the commons has the advantage that we have been thinking about the endgame far longer than the monopoly has .
We know how all this plays out – we ’ve been thinking about it for twenty years .
But whatever is the fate of free software in that regard , whatever is the outcome with respect to the technical situation , for which the free software system was built , that is merely a necessary , not a sufficient condition to the larger goals of the free software movement , and of the collection of movements and ideas that we all here are part of .
We must have a network that makes it possible for us to share .
We must prevent the activity of the network in supporting sharing from being biased by those people whose primary concern is preventing sharing as competition to ownership .
So far we have learned that it is possible to produce tens of billions of dollars ’ worth of capital equipment with no significant capital investments .
That ’s because the resulting capital equipment has zero marginal cost , so only one copy needs to be made in order for everybody to be fully supplied .
Those tens of billions of dollars in capital equipment that we made – that is , durable software capable of operating business entities – that durable capital equipment is now producing more than a hundred billion dollars in annual economic activity in the world economy , and it will produce more even though the world economy is about to shrink .
That ’s because the portion of the world economy which has zero marginal cost grows at the expense of that which has non-zero marginal cost , in economic hard times .
We are going to do better as other things do worse , because we are what you can do to increase productivity when you do n’t have more money .
So what is about to occur with respect to the system we were primarily concerned with , the soft goods inside the large - scale nervous system of humanity , that news is going to be good over the next several years .
We are on the turf we made , we know how to defend it , indeed , we know how to grow it , it now the guys on the other side who do not know how to save their business , and indeed , in the end they ’re going to fail .
I recognize that that may not be good news for the municipal economy of Seattle , but it is very good news for the human race .
[ Applause ]
Now , the political goal , the redescription of most of what human beings do in the production of bitstreams , as places to consider sharing before you consider owning , and to do so on the basis of the global entitlement of people to understand , to learn , to modify , and to share , – the desire to make it possible for all Einsteins to learn physics – and , indeed , for everybody to know what time the train leaves , – and , for that matter , to experience Pissaro and Monet – the desire to make it possible for everybody to be exposed to that which makes brains larger , more powerful , more humane , more thoughtful , which decreases recourse to violence and the sense of desperation , the desire to do what we all know it is best to do for ourselves and therefore what we ought to know it is best to do for other people as well – that requires more than simply the success at preventing the monopolization of software .
Without success in preventing the monopolization of software , we can be sure that the larger entity will never come into existence the way that we intended , and what will happen instead is something that it is at least worth spending a moment thinking about .
My friends – and they are friends , allies , thoughtful people with highly positive views of about a lot of the very questions I am now discussing with you – my friends at Google yesterday announced that they will be happy to reduce the cost of your telephone calls to zero , thus significantly assisting us in a very significant confrontation with the network operators – a very bad bunch of thugs who we are , in the end , going to have a serious rumble with .
[ Laughter ]
So our allies at Google are significantly deploying effort designed to make it very difficult for the network operators to compete effectively in phone calls – they will give you free phone calls , our friends at Google will , provided that you allow them to put a pen register on your line that lasts forever , and which can be data mined by them along with everything else they know about you , which includes everything you type into the search box , which is pretty much everything you think about , care about , are planning on , are afraid of , are concerned with , right , as well as everything that can be bought by a very wealthy party interested in data mining about what you buy , and why you buy it , and what you tell the focus groups , and what you say to the people who call you on the telephone , and who your friends are .
This is one kind of freedom , or , [ Laughter ] perhaps i should say it ’s one kind of free , talking about being one kind of freedom .
But one of the things to keep in mind is that if what the network does is it centralizes services , and those services are things you have n’t got a right to copy , modify , understand , and share , then what has happened is that the effort at unfreedom has moved from the person who monopolized software , to the person who was merely the dominant provider of services .
That ’s not exactly the correct outcome , either .
Whether it is a moral outcome depends upon whether the data miner can figure out any reason why it does not want every Einstein to learn physics .
And this is a very tricky question , because the data miner wants to have good relations with governments , and the data miner wants to be in charge of the advertising business , and all sorts of other things .
Most of you have browsers , and most of those browsers show you advertisements , and I ’m very puzzled about why .
The advertisements are annoying most of the time , they slow you down , they injure the concentration that you bring to whatever task it is that you ’re doing , and there ’s no reason why they show you advertisements ; my browser does n’t show me any advertisements .
I do n’t see any ads when I read The New York Times , or go to wherever it is that you are happy going to , because my browser has Adblock in it , and that pretty much ends the story .
Even in this town , many of you , indeed , I would guess , most of you are probably using the Firefox browser .
That means you ’re two clicks away from not having any advertising on the net anymore .
All you need to do is google “ Adblock Plus ” , and say “ I ’m feeling lucky ” , [ Laughter ] thank you very much .
Now you know why my friends – and they are my friends – at the Mozilla Foundation are paid tens of millions of dollars every year by Google – basically , not to bundle Adblock Plus into the default distribution of Firefox .
But you also know why all the talk about advertising supported models on the web is just talk , and why it is that in the end , all of those models are fated not to work .
Because in digital media , when you give people knowledge , you ca n’t force them to take advertising , because digital media are filterable – that ’s the beauty of them .
So we live in a political economy in which the commitment to the freedom of the software is the beginning of a commitment to freedom of autonomy at the end points – that would mean you , you ’re an end point .
You ’re a productive end point , as well as a consuming end point , but you ’re an end point , unless you ’re a network operator , in which case , please leave now .
[ Laughter ]
All right ?
So , we have at least now begun to appreciate why this little recondite corner in which I work might have something to contribute to the larger project , and all I have said is : I think it does have something to contribute to the larger project .
But I want to be very clear that it is n’t the larger project .
The larger project is making the net the system of social relations which makes the development of each necessarily dependent upon the development of all .
It ’s funny how the word “ commons ” comes to us with that understanding that there is some deep , warm , fuzzy humanness behind it .
It ’s not merely that it comes to us with the idea of some kind of constitutional propriety – there ’s a House of Commons .
Behind the use of the phrase “ The House of Commons ” as a constitutional propriety , is the appeal of the unwritten British constitution to being the document , or the imaginary document , that secures the freedom of the English people ; Peter Linebaugh will be talking about that .
The very idea of commons , in that sense , brings us back to a question which was considered to be an urgent moral question in the middle of the 14th century .
Just to remind you of the context : half the world has died within the space of 36 months , everybody ’s gone , the thing ’s a wasteland , working people begin to understand that they have clout in a market which now needs their labor far more seriously than it needed it a moment ago in an overpopulated country , and parliament , and the king , and his servants , and the owners of the land have quickly bonded together to set strong maximums for what can be paid for a day ’s work .
They have chosen to pass laws which establish the maximum wage for a day ’s work for working people at what it stood a generation ago , not even what it stood for at the onset of the black death .
They have , in other words , attempted to legislate the role of the people in society backward at a time when advantageous conditions – regrettable to all , and painful mostly to ordinary people – have opened an opportunity for people to have a way towards freedom .
We are also talking about a society in which a large number of people are still tied to the land – they may not be bond slaves killable at the will of their owners , but they are serfs who cannot move and have no rights against their lords , in their lords ’ own courts , thus making them essentially people outside the law .
Now , the sudden moment of the depopulation of England has given them a moment of leverage , and they want to try to take it , and repression is coming fast .
And the question which arises was in the form of a little poetic couplet which could be remembered by anybody , and it went : “ When Adam delved and Eve span , who was then the gentleman ? ” , which is really just the question “ How many of the Einsteins who ever existed were allowed to learn physics ? ” , but it ’s presenting itself in a 14th century context :
“ We are all the children of two common parents ; why is it that some of us are excluded , and how did that become moral ? ” , and it ’s a hell of a good question .
It was asked in the Peasants Rising in 1381 .
The problem , of course , is that the appeal to violence has inevitably tragic consequences .
Which is why – as I ’ve pointed out , in 2004 in , of all places , Berlin – we ’re a non-utopian political movement , we are not interested in going nowhere , we are not interested in going to some place we have never been , which we will get to after the revolution , because people will be different .
The crucial operating premise of the free software movement as a revolutionary politic is : proof of concept , plus running code .
“ Here , we did it already .
It ’s sort of working ; if you take a copy and help us fix it , it could really be something .
Here .
You want it ?
Take it .
We like it .
It ’s free . ”
That principle – the principle of building political change around instrumentalities that are already working in prototype – is also , of course , the ambition of the 20th century welfare state .
It was what Lyndon Johnson called “ The Great Society ” which is , oddly enough , what the revolutionary movement that made the Peasant ’s Rising in 1381 called itself , too .
John Ball ’s movement – John Ball was the radical preacher who first asked “ When Adam delved and Eve span , who was then the gentleman ? ” – John Ball ’s movement also called itself “ The Great Society ” .
Lyndon Johnson ’s “ Great Society ” was built around what was we thought was the best that rationalist government could do in the late 20th century : try a lot of experiments designed to create social equality , see what works , figure out how it scales , put it into practice .
The free software movement succeeds in doing that , not because we are smarter than the people who built the welfare state , but because the welfare state is made out of non-zero marginal cost parts , and it ’s extremely difficult to make a hundred million good social workers by pressing a button .
[ Laughter ]
It is not easy to produce excellent pre-primary school teachers by forking .
Right ?
You ca n’t just wrap them up into an appliance and ship them off to a Xen instance to be executed .
So what we are doing is demonstrating that , under certain political economic conditions , it is favorable to produce precisely the kind of social change which the 20th century by and large thought you might be able to produce in a very wealthy society if you had a lot of political commitment and worked very hard .
That is , scalable change that can be shown to be operating in sufficient relation to the real world that people might want to show up and volunteer to finish it .
Jack Kennedy was thinking about this when making the Peace Corps .
The Great Society depended upon the idea that , in the end , head start could be made that way .
Even the alternative position in the United States – the thousand points of light and the heavy dependence upon the religiously motivated volunteer sector – assumed the very same thing : positive social change could be constructed by trying experiments and freely sharing their consequences in a scientifically informed way .
So the free software movement lays no claim to having devised the process for the production of productive politics for social change , we merely recognize that it can be implemented now , across the world – through a variety of techniques also characteristic of the best that 20th century political science could produce – on much more favorable ground , and therefore with much more favorable outcomes .
Professor Lessig ’s great contribution to our conspiracy was to perceive how , and in which way , and in short order , the creative communities of the world could be enlisted to begin participating in the same experiment , through the adoption of forms , and structures of thinking and sharing – which , as Lessig pointed out from the very beginning , were the ideas of Richard Stallman transported to other technical turf – to understanding what to do about people who produce culturally , and whose cultural production is not quite the same as software , for a whole variety of reasons that lie in the sociology and functionalism of the difference between collage art , music , the Wikipedia , operating system design , compiler construction , right , they are all different .
They are all different .
And those differences have involved a great deal of thought on the part of the producers – the primary workers – and also their lawyers – secondary producers whose job it has been to figure out ways to attain the same social results in somewhat different social contexts , using slightly different symbolic machinery .
But what we have seen , and what we know , and what our scientific results up to this point enable us to conclude upon confidently , go a little bit beyond where things were left this morning , and so I want , just quickly , to suggest a couple of propositions , and then we ’ll all talk about them , I hope .
In the first place , then , I think we should understand that we are not posing a choice between “ the public domain ” and “ the private ownership of ideas ” .
The arguments that were being offered against the public domain , this morning , are real arguments – it is why the free software movement does n’t suggest just putting software in the public domain .
The public domain is the most open of all open commonses , and it can be appropriated from in freedom - disrespecting ways .
Margaret said that , and she ’s quite right .
But that ’s the whole purpose of the copyleft commons .
The Wikipedia is not subject to appropriative destruction , because the Wikipedia is a copyleft entity .
The GNU Free Document License – another Stallman - created license , or in this case I suppose I can legitimately say Stallman & Moglen - created license , because we made it together in the kitchen of his mother ’s apartment on 89th street in Manhattan – the GNU Free Document License , and soon the new Wikimedia license for Wikipedia and similar organizations of knowledge , have the characteristic that they are built on copyleft principles : “ Here , here ’s the greatest secular convention of human knowledge ever created , you can do anything you want with it , copy it , modify it , share it , do whatever you please , but do n’t try and take anything permanently out of the commons from it . ”
The consequence of which is , that the Wikipedia will actually do what Margaret was asking for , along with all the other entities that are coming along right behind it , it will replace publishing without losing the value of publishing , because it will not be appropriable in the ways that would lead to the kind of derogation of quality that was concerning her .
On the contrary , the Wikipedia already beats many of , or perhaps all of , the world ’s leading press associations in covering breaking news , where the stories are those which are within the reach of the Wikipedia ’s cognitive framework .
For an example of this , I would urge you to go back and look at its coverage on the terrible events surrounding a massacre at Virginia Tech .
Wikipedia was hour by hour and minute by minute leading the world on the subject , which is what caused The New York Times , ten days after the events , to write a piece going back and looking over and saying “ Gee , why was it that the Wikipedia did so much better than everybody else ? ” .
The Wikipedia is also , at one and a same time , doing a better job of preserving the 11th edition of the Encyclopædia Britannica than the Encyclopædia Britannica does .
[ Laughter ]
Britannica has been derogating from the quality of the 11th edition ’s extraordinary luminosity for the whole 20th century .
You can look , as you see articles from early 20th century , beautifully and literately dealing with subjects that were within the cognition of the early 20th century being reproduced as just horrible hash in later editions of the Britannica , made for commercial distribution to a market in the United States which did n’t care too much about 19th century German princelings , or , for that matter , great issues in 19th century English politics , let alone Samuel Johnson .
The Wikipedia , on the other hand , by virtue of its clear incentive to maximize the best that can be gotten out of what is in the public domain , turning it into new copylefted material which can not be successfully appropriated , is doing a wonderful job of blending the greatest of the English - speaking encyclopedias with all the up - to - dateness of the present , written hour by hour by people who are very close to the circumstances or thing about which they write , but who are learning , through their interaction with the Wikipedia , what we wish – I am speaking now as a professor of history – every undergraduate would learn :
How to maintain a neutral point of view , how to weigh competing sources of evidence and relatively criticize the available sources , and how to edit one another for the purpose of increasing the coherence of their commitment to that neutral point of view , and that skillful weighing of competing sources .
Von Ranke has not managed to teach many of my graduate students , for the simple reason that they do n’t read von Ranke .
But they can’t , anymore than the rest of us can , avoid going to the Wikipedia to learn about the things that they do n’t know about , and it ’s already in their handhelds .
So , the first thing I want to say is :
We do n’t have to be concerned about whether what we are doing in increasing the commons is harming the quality or fate of human culture , and we do n’t have to waste any tears on the publishers .
This is a royal funeral being thrown for itself by an aristocracy which wishes us to attend that funeral with a sense of despondency that the Sulzbergers and the Chandlers are passing from the scene .
We need n’t worry about that .
If it takes a loan sharking thug like Carlos Slim to keep The New York Times in business , then something is wrong at The New York Times ; it ’s not our problem .
A great deal of worry is presently being cast on the question of “ How are we going to save newspapers ? ” with no real question being raised on the question of why we should .
[ Laughter ]
It is n’t , in fact , that the owners of newspapers , whether you call them Murdoch , or you call them McCormick , or you call them Chandler , or even if you call them Pulitzer and Sulzberger , those sacred names , it is n’t very clear that the owners of newspapers actually did a very good job for human freedom , that ’s why A. J. Liebling , the greatest writer on American newspapers said “ Freedom of the press belongs to him , who owns one . ” .
“ When everybody owns the press , then freedom of the press belongs to everybody ” seems to be the inevitable inference , and that ’s where we are moving , and when the publishers get used to that , they ’ll become us , and we ’ll become them , and the first amendment will mean : “ Congress shall make no law [ … ] abridging freedom of speech , or of the press [… ]. “ , not – as they have tended to argue in the course of the 20th century – “ Congress shall make no law infringing the sacred right of the Sulzbergers to be different . ” .
The freedom of the press – as the freedom of a few privileged businesses , in the public information business , when they were n’t in the entertainment or lingerie selling business – was not actually a freedom that we needed to fight to the very end to maintain .
We maintained it faute de mieux , because we did n’t know how else the Einsteins were going to learn physics , and now we do .
The textbook publishers , too , are about to die .
They know it .
They are deeply afraid , because they understand that what they do n’t see out there , they will see within a minute , which is the really cheap book scanner connected to OCR .
And a minute is about how long it ’s going to take .
Within 12 to 15 months you ’re going to see available everywhere self - made , cheap , under $ 100 devices that will scan a thousand - page book in less than an hour .
And when those cheap devices are sitting in every dormitory and free OCR software is running against the backhaul of them , and everybody is sharing textbooks , then the textbook publishers , who are a very tightly oligopolized bunch of knowledge merchants , are going to have a scheduled heart attack .
[ Laughter ]
And they know it ’s coming .
And now they know that it ’s going to happen in a society in which a lot of people are afraid that their children are n’t going to have the money to go to college with , and when the textbook publishers say “ Oh , you must rise in defense of our sacred right to charge your children more than $ 1000 a year to get textbooks to go to college with . ” , there is not going to be a lot of political support for them .
[ Laughter ]
Which means that not only are they about to face a significant technological challenge to the oligopoly , but they ’re about to face it under terribly adverse political and economical conditions , in this country .
I assure you that my friends who are the teenagers in Bangalore , who have never been allowed to go to school , never had anything very much to say in favor of textbook publishers .
[ Laughter ]
Which is why what we ought to be asking for , and what we ought to expect to be able to make with our own hands , is universal access to all materials used in public education everywhere .
There is no point [ Applause ]
There is no point in reducing the demand below that .
That will be technically within our reach very soon , and what we ’re going to have to do is simply resist the resistance , as I first put it in a piece published now more than ten years ago .
So we are resisting the resistance in the network .
We are resisting those political , economic , and electronic factors which tend to inhibit sharing for the narrow purposes of those who wish to reestablish road blocks .
A lot of that work is technical work in the software of the network , and in the law of the software of the network , also in the law of the cultural exchange within the network , also in the making of cultural exchange within the network , but that is n’t all .
Because we do need to keep drawing the political consequences of all of this .
We do need to keep pointing out exactly what the stakes are .
The backlash is always there , and it will get stronger from time to time .
When we made our plans , which are plans that span more than half a century , and that were intended to last from the end of the 20th century well into the middle of the 21st , we did not plan on the global depression which begins now .
Nobody did .
We did plan to use the assets of capitalism to fund this change .
Not only did we plan on it , we saw it as an essential portion of the work that we were doing ; that was what free software was going to do , it was going to make itself something that the people who made money needed , and their need for it was going to keep it safe , was going to make it vital , was going to expand it , was going to do all the things which it has done .
So much for the idea that we were intrinsically anti-business – the very point about the copyleft commonses that made some of the world ’s largest IT distributors interested in the GPL was that it was friendly to their businesses , not hostile to them .
It gave them an opportunity to pool research and development activities in a new and safe way .
A great deal of the work that I do in my practice as a lawyer is diplomacy among industrial parties who wish to get along with one another .
But they are commercial parties , and they cannot trust one another , because the very essence of their nature is to be untrustworthy towards their competitors – a system in which they are trapped .
And sometimes they know that that hurts them , because they are more than well enough schooled in political economy to be aware that that competition costs them significant deadweight losses .
It requires them to reinvent , in requires them to relearn , it requires them to retrain , and catch up , it deprives them of the very opportunities which western science offered to western civilization – the opportunity to pool talent and knowledge in a structured , coherent , free to use way .
And so the copyleft commonses have become very important to business , which pays hard – at least most business does – to keep those commons fresh , and bright , and working .
My work , and the lawyers who work with me at the Software Freedom Law Center , is about making those commons effective for everybody .
The businesses may well see us as people who take care of the geese that laid golden eggs .
The hackers do n’t think of themselves as geese , and they do n’t care whether the eggs are gold , they just care whether they work great .
They want to be taken care of , because they do n’t trust businesses for the very same reasons that businesses do n’t trust one another ; the odd thing is , you can all trust the hackers .
[ Laughter ]
And they know that .
Right ?
The businesses know that ; they understand .
Our clients will never benefit from war .
Our clients will never benefit from something which benefits the few at the expense of the many .
Our clients can be guaranteed to be standing on the spot that businesses would like to arrive at but do n’t know how to get to .
So they need us .
We knew that they would need us .
We regarded their need for us as a very important part of a program that we were ultimately exceedingly trustworthy about declaring completely .
We never kept anything secret from anyone – we could n’t .
We published all our plans as we made them .
We showed people exactly what we were going to do , and we told them exactly why we were going to do it , and still they needed us .
We did not think that they were going to be stupid enough to destroy their world .
They were .
They have .
We will have to cope with it .
The world that we are moving into now is less good for us than the world they owned and controlled .
That ’s regrettable .
The pain that is going to be suffered is going to be suffered by us , ordinary people , even more than it is going to be suffered by them , because they will use political power to get as much security for themselves as they can , and that will inevitably come at the expense of those whose taxes are used to do it .
So what is happening now is essentially :
We have completed phase one of the most important plan we knew how to make , to bring about a world in which all the Einsteins learned physics .
We are using cooperative mechanisms which depended very heavily on short term or medium term identifications of interest between the movement for freedom and the largest and most powerful and wealthiest technology companies in the world , except one .
And we are now suffering mutual sharp and significant disappointment , as a consequence of the greed of the finance capitalists , who have upended everything and left us to reconstruct .
Of course , we ’re the people who know how to make a great deal of capital equipment without capital investments , and so , as I have already pointed out , bad as things are going to get , we are going to do better than some other people , because we need less money .
But we do n’t need none .
What we do have at the moment is the opportunity for a political insistence upon the importance of the commons .
We have a great opportunity which lies in the inevitable populist rising of annoyance , then irritation , then anger , at what has happened to the society in which we were all living in relative safety and prosperity only a few years ago .
We have an opportunity to explain to people that too much ownership , and too much leverage , and too much exclusivity was the prevailing justification for and also the prevailing reason that what happened , happened .
And we have an opportunity to explain to people how things could be different , which depends not on Utopia , not on some vision of a place we ca n’t get to from here , but rather on a thing already running on a USB thumb drive .
“ Here , take this , attach it to the frame of your machine – assuming that it ’s not one made by Steve Jobs , who never wants you to boot from a USB key . ”
Right ?
I mean , you can ’t , right , you can ’t , you ’re not allowed .
“ Why would you ever need to boot an Apple box from a USB key ? ” “ You do n’t need any software except the software he gave you . ” , right ?
Nobody has yet fully documented what everybody who is n’t part of the cult understands , which is that nobody has ever had more contempt for customers than Mr. Jobs .
Nobody .
So , we say “ All right , so here is our suggestion :
Put it in the frame of your non-Apple machine , boot it , see if you like it .
It works , it wo n’t change anything , do anything you want there , runs real fast , runs real sweet , does what you want , does n’t spy on you .
Anytime you feel like hitting ‘ Install ’ , just go ahead .
And by the way , if you do install , tell your congressman . ”
Right ?
That ’s basically what we want to say .
Think about joining the commons .
Think about joining the commons for your schoolbooks , think about joining the commons for what ’s in your laptop , think about having a telephone with free software inside instead of spies - on - you secret police software inside , think about all the ways in which you can benefit by connecting your life to the things we share .
There ’s an immense amount of value out there which has been made by people for people , and which can make your life better and more productive even in these hard times .
And as you make each of those decisions , as you attach yourself more fully to the commons , as you recognize that you do n’t need a guy who owns a television station , because you have YouTube , that you do n’t need a newspaper , because you have RSS feeds , that you do n’t have to spend a lot on textbooks because there ’s a copy in the library , and you ’ve the right to rip it .
As you begin to go through those questions , as you begin to attach yourself to what the commons can do for you , remember to keep your congressman informed about what you need .
Remember that everybody has to understand the extent to which the commons economy is now what you are resting the good things in your lives on .
Because , people need to know what it is that really causes prosperity .
In the next five years , what causes prosperity in the United States is going to be rare enough to notice .
You could be helping to show what prosperity can be .
And do n’t worry , there will be a lot of Indians doing the same .
And Chinese people , and Africans , and Latin Americans , and Icelanders .
Right ?
In other words , we are getting to the point where we could now use the network which we built in commons to become the device which shows why the commons is essential to those who rule .
We can explain why the public consent is not available to deteriorate the network .
We can explain to our friends when they decide that what they want to do is go to 4G cell phones , living inside little captive networks made by people who do n’t let you bring your own software in there , and who demand that your phone work exactly the way they want it to , which means if the GPS chip inside the phone is reporting where you are to KFC every minute so it can send you food advertisements when it thinks you ’ll be hungry , that you do n’t have to have a phone that does that .
That you do n’t have to have a phone which spies on you .
That you do n’t have to report to Google every call you dial .
That you do n’t have to see every advertisement .
That it is possible , in the ecology of commons , to achieve the goal of acting locally and thinking globally about the commons .
That your relationship to the commons is itself , now , a political act with public consequences that should be publicly shared and publicly known about .
We ’ve been doing this a long time .
A thousand years .
What did we want ?
We wanted freedom of thought , we wanted freedom of personal development , we wanted not to be held in serfdom , we wanted not to be tied to the land , we wanted not to be told that we must pursue the trade of our fathers , we wanted not to be told that we had to labor in somebody else ’s demesne six days a month .
We wanted not to be told we could n’t go to gymnasium because we were Jews .
We wanted not to be sent to the school for colored children .
We wanted not to go to confession – to have a responsibility to report to somebody corrupt about what it was we had done wrong .
We wanted not to be told that we could n’t be saved unless we agreed .
We struggled , that is , for a thousand years , for some simple things :
For the freedom of thought , for the freedom of self - development , to be allowed to become .
It was an impossible task .
Tens of thousands of people died .
Lots of people starved .
Lots of people never had the chance .
All the way along , there were opportunities , and we tried to take them , and often they led us to violence because we did n’t know how to avoid it , because we had to redistribute stuff with non-zero marginal cost , because we had to take a thing away from a rich man to give it to a poor man , and the rich man resented it and he fought back , and you ca n’t win that fight , because even when you triumph the very thing you are trying to make gets killed in the struggle .
And so , even when we won , we lost .
And they wrote great stories about it , from both sides .
And some excoriated us for the violence , and some wanted to make us noble for the ambition , and people learned that it was a great romantic episode that never went anywhere .
And it ’s different now .
Things have changed .
Something is happening which has never happened before , and it changes the outcome of the game .
We are exactly where we have always been , with respect to what we want , but the methods of gaining it have changed , and they are now possible in ways that they were never possible before .
And the great riddle of romantic socialist politics , the great worry of the French revolution , the great difficulty that has presented itself to every struggle for human equality since the beginning of the struggle , has been lifted in substantial part .
Because we now live in a world where we can make enough for everybody with our own hands .
Because we are capable of achieving the relationship we needed to achieve : From each according to his ability , and to each according to his need .
I have heard all of this vehemently objected to because Karl Marx thought it was a good idea .
[ Laughter ]
This is a very peculiar form of argument , characteristic of the United States in the era of the cold war : “ You cannot want this , because the guy the other fellow likes also wanted it . ”
Right ?
A very peculiar strategy , one we should no longer take the slightest concern for , for which we ought to be as scornful as it deserves .
We are ready now .
That does n’t mean there is n’t any work to do .
Fortunately there is plenty of work to do .
For lawyers , moreover .
But there is good news about it .
Because we have been doing it for a very long time , and it has wearied many a loyal person , and it has worn out many a strong one .
The difference is :
This time we win .
Thank you very much .
[ Applause ]
No , let ’s take one , at least .
Maybe two .
There are two at the microphones , let ’s take ’em .
[ Unknown audience member # 1 : ]
Okay , thank you very much for a fine and provocative presentation , and I am from Seattle , so I do have to comment on the fact that we now have two newspapers , and within a year we may well not have any .
For decades , I ’ve gained my spiritual and moral and intellectual sustenance from reading investigative journalists – one recent example would probably be Pratap Chatterjee who wrote about Halliburton ’s cultivation and personal harvesting from the Iraq war .
What ’s going to happen to those investigative journalists if we do n’t have those newspapers ?
[ Eben Moglen : ]
We ’re going to pay them voluntarily .
We value their work , and we ’re going to pay them , in a world in which paying people is easy .
You have forgotten that the cognitive distortion that we need to keep in mind about all this , is all the good investigative journalism that went on the spike over the years because the publisher did n’t want it out .
Which is , to the good stuff that healed your soul , as the palaces are to the hovel at the foot , right ?
The experience of investigative journalism in the world of the Hearst press , or the Murdoch press , or the McCormick press was n’t a good one .
When we have figured out that coercive measures of payment – “ I wo n’t give this to you unless you pay . ” – are busted , newspapers will come back as non-profit entities that subsist on the voluntary contribution of the people who not only value their information , but wish to provide it to other people .
Newspapers , in other words , will exist the way that National Public Radio exists , rather than the way the advertising handout in the free box at the corner exists , and that ’s not a problem .
It ’s not a problem for you and me , it ’s a problem for the Sulzbergers because they wo n’t own it .
If you look at all of the heartburn about the press as it goes through this transformation , from autocratic entities owned by aristocrats of virtue , to democratic entities owned by all the people who voluntarily support them , you will notice that what is really being lamented is the power of some owner to determine what Seattle knows .
I am not troubled about that .
[ It ’s not that ]
I ’m not troubled about that because Seattle had bad newspapers – I ’m not troubled about that because all of us will support what it is we all value .
And what we wo n’t do is spike it ’ cause it ’s unpopular with somebody who goes to the same country club as the publisher .
[ Unknown audience member # 2 : ]
Yeah , they ’ll probably wind up writing for The Stranger .
[ Laughter ]
I ’d like to thank you for coming – it ’s an honor to be in the same room with you .
I ’m one of the hackers – of the technical nature , not the law nature – of the system administrator breed , and we do n’t make code , we just make sure that the machines that run the free code keep running so that the coders can , you know , keep writing it .
But , it ’s funny to me ; in the technical world , people really like to demonize Microsoft , but it ’s a lot of you know , “ Who cares , their software has nothing to do with what I do , so they ’re not really a part … ” , but I always wondered , what would Microsoft call their Linux distribution ?
If they decided , you know , “ Okay , we ca n’t beat them , let ’s join them . ” , and they came out with “ Microsoft Linux ” , would that hurt ?
[ Eben Moglen : ]
I have n’t seen my dear friend Ron Hovsepian for some weeks , so I ’m going to get on his nerves by saying to you :
They will call it “ Novell ” .
[ Laughter ]
Whatever they do , they will do a lot of work not to call it anything , because to be a distributor of GPL ’d software – particularly of that GPL ’d software – would have collateral legal consequences for Microsoft it does n’t want .
The real reason for all the patent threatening is in order to be able to use our features , in BSD licenced and other permissively licensed works , to gaudily decorate their own failing software for the next two product cycles , while at the same time getting paid for software they do n’t make , through patent revenue requests , okay ?
The real goal is to get paid for software they do n’t make , because software they do make is not selling at a very great advantage over the immensity of their costs .
I ’m not going to spend a lot of time here , on camera , talking about Microsoft ’s strategy and our strategy , this week of all weeks , but catch me somewhere out there and I ’ll say something more about it .
[ Laughter ]
Thank you all very much for your time , I appreciate it .
[ Applause ]
Bluebook citation : Eben Moglen , Professor , Free and Open Software : Paradigm for a New Intellectual Commons , speech given at the Law of the Commons Conference at Seattle University ( March 13 , 2009 ) ( transcript available at http://en.wikisource.org/wiki/Free_and_Open_Software:_Paradigm_for_a_New_Intellectual_Commons)
Inactive Site
This service is temporarily disabled .
Please contact Organic Consumers Association for information on site status .
powered by CQ Roll Call © 2020
Description :
Lucy loves to get hot in the shower , she can soothe her whole body and feel the hot water running over her hairy pussy lips .
Michael Moore got his scalp .
Chris Dodd , who polling showed was a dead duck for re-election , will retire Chances are Connecticut 's very popular Attorney General , Richard Blumenthal , will run for Senate and easily beat whichever one of the increasingly right - wing misanthropes the GOP vomits out .
It 's ironic that it was Dodd who was forced out as a Connecticut senator rather than the most despised man in Connecticut politics , Joe Lieberman .
Luck of the draw !
I do want to add , however , that Dodd was n't exactly some towering liberal .
His career long voting record on substantive matters paints a clear picture , right in the center of the Democratic Senate causus , the 29th most progressive member among the 59 Democrats .
His 85.13 score on substantive issues lies between the voting scores of arch - conservatives like Mark Pryor ( AR - 70.45 ) , Tom Carper ( DE - 70.70 ) , Joe Lieberman ( CT - 72.50 ) and Evan Bayh ( IN - 74.03 ) and actual liberals like Sherrod Brown ( OH - 96.56 ) , Jack Reed ( RI - 95.68 ) , Bernie Sanders ( VT - 95.06 ) , Dick Durbin ( IL - 94.04 ) and Barbara Boxer ( CA - 93.81 ) .
And in other news today , one of the most corrupt and reactionary Democrats to ever worm his way up the chain of command , DLC president and defeated ex-Tennessee Rep.
Harold Ford has barraged New York media with an armada of trial balloons for a run for the Senate against incumbent Kirsten Gillibrand .
Gillibrand was a bit too conservative as a freshman House member from a Republican upstate district -- though never nearly as conservative as Ford , who represented a solidly Democratic district ( Memphis ) -- but she has been a solidly progressive senator .
Ford is certainly to the right of Joe Lieberman and he would be the worst catastrophe Democrats could face in 2010 .
Despite all the hootin ' and hollerin ' ontoday , I doubt he 'll run .
Good video update from Connecticut TV :
Labels : Chris Dodd , Connecticut , Harold Ford , Kirsten Gillibrand , Senate 2010
Would n't it be great to have a digital food machine sitting in your kitchen that could create any dish , real or imagined , from scratch at the touch of a button ?
Cornucopia : Digital Gastronomy is a concept design that uses the well - established principles of 3D printing - plus precisely timed and temperature - controlled mixing and cooking - to open the door to a virtually limitless realm of replicable , creative cuisine in shapes and combinations that are simply impossible using our current , centuries - old cooking techniques .
It 's a wonderful look into the future of cooking , from the creative food lover 's perspective .
We see all sorts of home gadgetry here at Gizmag , but I think it 's fair to say that there has n't been a truly revolutionary invention in the world of cooking since the microwave oven - and those started popping up in homes more than 40 years ago .
Otherwise , we 're still frying , casseroling , baking , pressure cooking , roasting , barbecuing , steaming and grilling our dinners in much the same way as we have done for hundreds of years .
For many , the simple and precise application of heat , fire , metal and various different ingredients has become a fine art - but surely we 're overdue for a technological overhaul in the kitchen that might open up some new possibilities .
The Cornucopia : Digital Gastronomy concept design is an ingenious attempt to turn the cooking process upside down , open up a whole range of new creative possibilities and bring creative cooking into a new and replicable phase for the information age .
Cornucopia builds up edible creations using a layering process similar to some of the 3D printing machines we 've been writing about recently , except that it uses a variety of different foodstuffs instead of plastics to build up its final product .
The printing head moves on a 3D axis , and extrudes precisely mixed and measured quantities of different ingredients from the canisters on top of the machine .
Ingredients can be mixed as they come through the printing head , which is also able to precisely temperature - control the mix as it prints using a laser heating and piped cooling system .
The printed food output sits inside a temperature - controlled chamber that finishes the rest of whatever cooking or cooling needs to happen before the dish is done , and the device lets you know when it 's time to eat .
The ingredient canisters are refillable or automatically re-orderable , and provide constant feedback on stock levels or ingredients that are going out of date as well as offering smart alternatives if you 're low on something .
The Cornucopia system is one of the first genuine attempts we 've seen to produce a machine that can make virtually any dish given the right set of instructions .
Sure , it 's not going to print you a medium rare steak , but it can reliably and replicably build all sorts of elaborate and complex combinations , precisely mixed and temperature - controlled , that would be near impossible to create using any other cooking process .
Every dinner can be calorie controlled and nutritionally balanced , there 's minimal wastage , and a dietician or doctor 's orders can be turned into a number of simple recipe files that can be saved , downloaded and used to create food through the whole week .
It might all sound a bit mechanical and soulless - but then , part of what the Cornucopia is about is a love of new and different food combinations that can't be made using any other technique , and an encouragement to experiment with 3D recipe design , refining , sharing and selling recipes to other 3D food printer users around the world .
Digital chefs are bound to get very creative with how they use this sort of machine - and once they do , you just need to screw the right canisters into your machine and run their recipe file to sample the results .
I 'd love to see this sort of machine get off the ground and into the hands of some gastronomical wizards - the potential for new flavours , textures and presentations is enormous - and the digital kitchen concept would mark a truly revolutionary step forward .
Well done to designers Marcelo Coelho and Amit Zoran , and we hope to see Cornucopia make it through to prototype and production in the near future .
Psychologists have been saying for years that shared experiences like vacations lead to more long - term happiness than the latest bauble .
And perhaps the change was inevitable  to be expected when a shopping - spree nation trades a glut of credit for layoffs and furloughs .
“ Part of it is cyclical , ” said Scott Hoyt , senior director of consumer economics for Moody ’s Economy.com .
“ They have less money , so they ’ll spend less time and money shopping , whether they want to or not . ”
Still , the New York Times / CBS
News poll  a telephone survey of 855 adults , conducted Nov. 6 to Nov. 8 , with a margin of sampling error of plus or minus three percentage points  found that the shift spanned income brackets .
And in interviews , many Americans described motives beyond pure economic necessity .
Barbara Koricanek , 73 , a retired nurse in rural Texas , said she cut back on shopping after a recent mission trip to Nicaragua made her realize that “ we do n’t need half of what we got . ”
Over the past few months , Ms. Koricanek has started purging her closets and baking bread from scratch , partly because it tastes better , she said , partly to become more independent .
“ We can not rely on money and the banking system and government to come up with all the answers , ” she said .
“ People years ago were more self - reliant and were more able to take hold of the reins and do things themselves .
I think we need to get back some of those basics . ”
Many young people , experiencing their first economic downturn , are also making different choices .
Megan Stallings , 25 , an investment analyst in Raleigh , N.C. , said she first learned to value experiences while studying abroad in college , when the dollar was weak and trips brought her better memories than souvenirs .
Now , she said , she spaces out her shopping trips to preserve time for activities .
She has even studied how stores organize displays to make people buy more than they need .
Google 's Schmidt :
We want to stay in China
Google CEO Eric Schmidt said yesterday that the U.S. search giant hopes to maintain business in China .
The remarks , made during an earnings conference call to analysts , came nine days after the company threatened to leave China over claims that cyber attackers had hacked into the e-mail accounts of human rights activists .
Earlier in the day , Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton called for a global uncensored Internet and demanded that the Chinese government investigate Google 's claims .
Check out the story about Clinton 's speech in the paper today .
Google had said it would stop censoring search results , going against the Chinese government 's demands .
Schmidt said in the call that Google continues to censor search results but in a " reasonably short time from now " it would stop .
" We have made a strong statement that we wish to remain in China , " Schmidt said .
" We like the Chinese people , we like our Chinese employees and we like the business opportunities there .
And we'd like to do that on somewhat different terms than we 've had .
We remain quite committed to being there . "
Earlier in the day , Clinton called on China to thoroughly investigate Google 's claims of China 's cyber attacks and to make its review transparent .
" Censorship should not be in any way accepted by any company from anywhere , ” Clinton said in her speech .
“ And in America , American companies need to make a principled stand .
This needs to be part of our national brand .
I ’m confident that consumers worldwide will reward companies that follow those principles . ”
Immediately after Google threatened on Jan. 12 to leave China over potential human rights violations and censorship , businesses , U.S. lawmakers , public interest groups and newspaper columnists hailed the company .
The move was described as a groundbreaking decision by a private firm to stand up against a nation with a record of human rights violations .
Google said in a statement yesterday in response to Clinton 's speech :
" At Google we are great believers in the value to society of unfettered access to information . "
-- With contributions from Bloomberg News
photo credit : Wired
Yup , leave it to the Japanese to invent something completely useless , yet totally cool .
This time it ’s a grabbing device for potato chips .
Potato chips may be delicious , but you ca n’t really enjoy them without getting grease all over your fingers and then the keyboard .
Well the Japanese have finally come up with a solution to this pressing problem .
Potechi ( a Japanese neologism derived from the English “ potato chip ” ) is an ingenious device manufactured by Takara Tomi , that grabs potato chips , so you do n’t have to .
Featuring groundbreaking technologies like NBCS ( No Broken Clutch System ) , NTTS ( No Touch Table System ) and FECS ( Finger Easy Cleaning System ) allows you to gently pick up potato chips without breaking them .
Simply press the button and let Potechi do the rest of the job for you .
The ingenious Potechi chip grabbing tool is available in japan , for just $ 7 .
Come on , a clean keyboard is worth at least that much .
Above photos via bookofjoe
Above photos via Newlaunches
As per a request initiated by Bender , here is a critique of the recent Lindzen and Choi paper .
Citation : Lindzen , R. S. , and Y.- S. Choi ( 2009 ) , On the determination of climate feedbacks from ERBE data , Geophys .
Res. Lett. , 36 , L16705 , doi:10.1029 / 2009GL039628 .
http://www.seas.harvard.edu/climate/seminars/pdfs/lindzen.choi.grl.2009.pdf
Abstract : Climate feedbacks are estimated from fluctuations in the outgoing radiation budget from the latest version of Earth Radiation Budget Experiment ( ERBE ) nonscanner data .
It appears , for the entire tropics , the observed outgoing radiation fluxes increase with the increase in sea surface temperatures ( SSTs ) .
The observed behavior of radiation fluxes implies negative feedback processes associated with relatively low climate sensitivity .
This is the opposite of the behavior of 11 atmospheric models forced by the same SSTs .
Therefore , the models display much higher climate sensitivity than is inferred from ERBE , though it is difficult to pin down such high sensitivities with any precision .
Results also show , the feedback in ERBE is mostly from shortwave radiation while the feedback in the models is mostly from longwave radiation .
Although such a test does not distinguish the mechanisms , this is important since the inconsistency of climate feedbacks constitutes a very fundamental problem in climate prediction .
I did n’t pay much attention to this paper ( hereafter referred to as LC ) when it came out , but it received quite a big play in the blogosphere .
It was touted by some as the “ end of the AGW scam . ”
On the other hand , numerous aspects of methodology received serious criticism .
Why is this paper important ( if correct ) ?
The two main findings of LC are that : the sensitivity of the Earth ’s climate is much smaller than the conventional estimates ( e.g. IPCC ) ; and climate models substantially disagree with observations and produce a sensitivity that is far too high ( and hence are producing falsely alarming projections ) .
Some background :
The equilibrium climate sensitivity ( in K ) is defined as a change in the equilibrium annual global surface temperature in response to a doubling of CO2 .
Alternatively , the equilibrium climate sensitivity can be express ( in K / Wm2 ) as an equilibrium temperature change per unit radiative forcing .
The climate sensitivity is not prescribed in global climate models but is determined as a result of the climate model integation including parameterization of various physical processes in these models .
The equilibrium climate sensitivity is a useful parameter for comparing climate models .
Climate system without feedbacks would have an equilibrium climate sensitivity of 0.3 K/ Wm2 corresponding to the global average warming of about 1.1 K for doubling of CO2 .
Mostly positive feedbacks in the climate system have been estimated to increase the climate sensitivity to 1.5 to 4.5 K. LC is one of many studies that have tried to estimate climate sensitivity from observations .
For reference , some of the more substantive critiques of LC in the blogosphere include :
http://www.drroyspencer.com/2009/11/some-comments-on-the-lindzen-and-choi-2009-feedback-study/
http://chriscolose.wordpress.com/2009/03/31/lindzen-on-climate-feedback/
http://motls.blogspot.com/2009/11/spencer-on-lindzen-choi.html
http://agwobserver.wordpress.com/2009/12/05/comments-on-lindzen-choi-2009/
Would appreciate any other good links that you know of .
The most significant critiques include : using an old ( uncorrected ) version of the ERBE data , ignoring a known temporal aliasing effect in the ERBE data , comparing to the AMIP ( atmosphere only , with specified sea surface temperatures ) rather than the CMIP ( coupled atmosphere ocean ) climate model simulations , incorrect handling of the direct response to sea surface temperature change .
Each of these issues in implementation of the methodology could easily be fixed , but I would expect that their individual and cumulative impact on the analysis results would be substantial .
My assessment of this paper is quite critical ( details to follow ) .
In addition to the critiques of the methodology and its implementation linked to above , I have further concerns with the overall methodology that I hope provides a broader framework for criticism of this paper .
1 . The first thing about this paper that struck me is that LC infer global climate sensitivity from an analysis of only the tropical oceans ( 20N to 20S ) .
This is clearly stated in their methodology section and explicitly in the caption for Fig 1a , although in their title , abstract , and discussion the word “ tropics ” is n’t mentioned and the authors clearly interpret this analysis to be germane to global climate sensitivity .
Why only the tropics are analyzed is not explained , other than by a vague statement in the last paragraph that refers to the “ neutral higher latitudes . ”
Huh ?
Consider a global map of observed 20th century temperature changes ( Fig 1B ) http://ruby.fgcu.edu/courses/twimberley/EnviroPhilo/GlobalWarmingThreatProfJamesHansenNASA.pdf and also the IPCC climate model projections : http://www.ipcc.ch/publications_and_data/ar4/wg1/en/figure-10-8.html.
The warming over the tropical oceans is lower than that for the tropical land masses , and far lower than that for the higher latitudes particularly the Arctic .
But somehow ( Fig 3 ) LC manage to determine a value of climate sensitivity from AMIP models for the tropical oceans that is between 2 - 4.5 K , which is essentially the same you would expect for the entire globe ( e.g. the IPCC range of values ) and in spite of the fact that the sensitivity of the tropical oceans is arguably at least a factor of 2 lower than the global average .
So something is either wrong with the AMIP models ( they definitely provide a different answer than the CMIP models , see Roy Spencer ’s discussion on this ) or with the LC methodology for calculating climate sensitivity .
2 . The time scale of the feedbacks considered here are short term processes ( over the tropical oceans ) associated with clouds , water vapor and lapse rate , which are assumed to have equilibrium responses on time scales from a few months to less than 2 years .
Even if this assumption re the timescale of equilibrium response is correct ( see # 3 below ) , Lindzen and Choi admit that their feedback analysis is relevant only for negative feedbacks since positive feedbacks have much longer equilibrium response times .
It seems that this study is motivated by trying to document a negative feedback in the tropics , to support Lindzen ’s iris hypothesis that addresses upper tropospheric water vapor and cirrus cloud feedbacks associated with tropical deep convection ( which has received far more substantive criticism than support ) .
The iris hypothesis and the tropical upper tropospheric water vapor and cirrus cloud feedbacks , while arguably still open to debate , are not by any stretch of the imagination a major driver in global climate feedback .
Even in the limited context of local short term feedback processes over the tropical ocean , with the combination of issues raised in # 1 and # 2 I would expect the local feedback factor to be essentially zero .
3. Given that LC focus their analysis on the tropical oceans , the results from their analysis of ERBE data seems very implausible : a strong negative feedback in the shortwave ( SWR ) , with a small positive feedback in the infrared ( IR ) .
The negative SWR feedback is basically an increase in the planetary albedo with increasing temperature , without a correspondingly large decrease in outgoing IR .
How could this possibly be ?
The possibilities are :
an increase in surface reflectivity ( impossible since tropical ocean surface reflectivity does n’t change with surface temperature )
an increase in water vapor amount ( does n’t work , since water vapor changes have a much larger signal in the IR )
increase in aerosols that are making clouds more reflective with relatively small impact on IR emission ( no major volcanoes during this period , but Saharan dust and biomass burning could have the desired effect .
However , no known relationship between surface temperature and dust / biomass aerosols )
increase in low cloud amount ( that reflects sunlight while emitting IR at nearly the same temperature of the surface ) .
This works only if the increase in low cloud amount is not obscured by high clouds ( which dominate the radiation fluxes at the top of the atmosphere when they are present ) .
For this to be a significant effect , we would need to see a decrease in deep convective clouds in the tropics , which to my knowledge has n’t been observed .
So , this large negative SW feedback with small positive IR feedback is not presently associated with a likely physical mechanism ; e.g. Lindzen ’s iris feedback would n’t produce this type of SWR / IR signature .
I suspect that the large negative SW feedback identified from the ERBE data is an artifact of previously cited problems with the ERBE data analysis .
4 . Even with a redo of the LC calculations fixing the implementation errors ( e.g. using the correct version of the ERBE data , etc. ) , I am not convinced that the overall methodology used by LC can give a credible result for the climate feedback factor and climate sensitivity .
The issue I want to focus on here is the nature of the energy balance model used to calculate the feedback factor and climate sensitivity .
LC defines the feedback parameter as the change of the top of atmospheric radiation flux with change in surface temperature .
If this seems counterintuitive to you and you do n’t see how this relates to climate feedback , well it is based upon a lot of simplifying assumptions .
This feedback parameter is derived from a simple linear feedback analysis of a simple energy balance model .
Chapter 13 of my text Thermodynamics of Atmospheres and Oceans explains this
http://curry.eas.gatech.edu/climate/pdf/Ch13_GalleyC.pdf
http://curry.eas.gatech.edu/climate/pdf/chapter13_figs.pdf
For a lucid explanation of the specific equations used by LC ( based upon a simple equilibrium planetary energy balance model ) and discussions of the key assumptions and uncertainties , see this paper by Steve Schwartz ( which by the way is highly controversial owing the short equilibrium response time that he determined )
http://www.fysik.org/website/fragelada/resurser/schwartz.pdf
Frame et al . ( http://www-atm.physics.ox.ac.uk/user/das/pubs/constraining_forecasts.pdf ) show that any estimate of climate sensitivity is critically dependent on subjective prior assumptions of the investigators , not simply on constraints provided by actual climate observations .
Further , equally plausible approaches using the same model and observations can yield very different estimates of the risk of a high climate sensitivity .
Assumptions inherent in the model that LC use include :
radiative equilibrium at the top of the atmosphere .
If the climate system rapidly equilibrates , then climate sensitivity can be inferred from the top of atmosphere forcing and the increase in temperature over a given time period .
In contrast , if the climate response time is long , inferring climate sensitivity in this way would lead to an estimate of sensitivity that would be too low .
Steve Schwartz argues that the response time is fairly rapid , whereas Hansen and others argue for a much longer response time http://ossfoundation.us/projects/environment/global-warming/summary-docs/oss-reports/slr-research-summary-2008/2005_Hansen_etal_1.pdf
Arguably , the equilibrium climate sensitivity cant be obtained directly from observations , since the Earth ’s climate system is always changing .
LC assume a short response time , which they say is justified for negative feedbacks .
Arguably , the equilibrium climate sensitivity cant be obtained directly from observations , since the Earth ’s climate system is always changing .
LC assume a short response time , which they say is justified for negative feedbacks .
the model does not consider spatial variations in climate sensitivity ( we have already seen evidence of much higher sensitivity in the Arctic )
the model does not consider the frequency dependence of feedbacks ( in sign and magnitude )
in response to a change in external forcing ( e.g. solar , CO2 ) , the top of atmosphere fluxes ( SWR , IR ) can be determined by many combinations of surface temperatures and albedos , vertical distribution of temperature and humidity , cloud vertical and horizontal distributions , and aerosol particles .
It is only in the context of a simplified model of radiative convective equilibrium that surface temperature provides a unique value of SWR , IR .
The unusual features in Delta Flux / Delta SST identified by Roy Spencer are probably an artifact of this complexity http://wattsupwiththat.com/2009/12/17/spencer-on-his-agu-presentation-yesterday/.
Steve Schwartz concludes : “ Finally , as the present analysis rests on a simple single - compartment energy balance model , the question must inevitably arise whether the rather obdurate climate system might be amenable to determination of its key properties through empirical analysis based on such a simple model .
In response to that question it might have to be said that it remains to be seen .
In this context it is hoped that the present study might stimulate further work along these lines with more complex models .
It might also prove valuable to apply the present analysis approach to the output of global climate models to ascertain the fidelity with which these models reproduce “ whole Earth ” properties of the climate system such as are empirically determined here .
Ultimately of course the climate models are essential to provide much more refined projections of climate change than would be available from the global mean quantities that result from an analysis of the present sort .
Still it would seem that empirical examination of these global mean quantities – effective heat capacity , time constant , and sensitivity – can usefully constrain climate models and thereby help to identify means for improving the confidence in these models . ”
Summary : No confidence in the analysis of LC .
Prognosis :
So where do we go from here in evaluating climate sensitivity and understading feedbacks ?
The basic assumptions behind this type of sensitivity analysis based on top of atmosphere fluxes used by LC need to be tested by climate models .
Personally , I do n’t have confidence in this method .
I spent the 1990 ’s working of the feedback problem ( mainly in the Arctic ) .
I hosted a workshop on feedbacks and sensitivity in 2003 , the workshop summary contains much food for thought http://www.gewex.org/reports/workshop02.pdf
—-
Update : this essay was finished on Dec 26 .
Steve decided to wait a few weeks before posting , given all the interest in climategate .
Since then , there is now a formal reply to the LC paper that is in press in GRL by Trenberth , Fasullo , O’Dell and Wong , this is dicussed at RealClimate http://www.realclimate.org/index.php/archives/2010/01/first-published-response-to-lindzen-and-choi/ and http://www.realclimate.org/index.php/archives/2010/01/lindzen-and-choi-unraveled/.
See also DotEarth http://dotearth.blogs.nytimes.com/2010/01/08/a-rebuttal-to-a-cool-climate-paper/
I hate the Foo Fighters .
The Foo Fighters are n't much different than Nickelback in their straight - ahead , simplistic rock style .
Gareth Cattermole / Getty Images
Imagine my surprise , then , when I heard the band 's " Wheels " on the radio .
And liked it .
I have n't always hated the Foos .
While in college , I once drove to Iowa City , Iowa , to watch them open for the Red Hot Chili Peppers .
At the show , I marveled at Dave Grohl 's stage presence and the happy - go - lucky attitude of everyone in the band .
But soon after , probably sometime around the release of their fourth album , " One by One , " I lost interest .
I can't claim there was a watershed moment ; I can't remember a particular song that turned me off .
Although , now that I think about it , the title track from " One by One " was pretty awful .
No , it was something else .
Something about the way the Foo Fighters were presenting themselves .
Or rather , something about the way they were being presented to me .
I often get into arguments about what " good " music is .
I should probably stop having those arguments , as there is no right answer .
Better yet , I should change the terms of the argument .
Because much of the time , when I exclaim that a piece of music is " good " -- or that another is " bad " -- what I probably mean to say is that that piece of music is either meaningful or not .
When others employ their brains and their experience with the English language , they are left to wonder what the hell I 'm talking about , especially when I say something like , " Well , it 's not good music , but I like it . "
They can hardly be blamed ; that sentence makes no sense .
In creating " Wheels , " the Foo Fighters wrote a catchy , hooky , classic - rock song .
When I first heard it , on one of five holiday trips to the Kansas City airport to pick up or drop off a Shirley brother , I assumed it was a cover of an obscure Tom Petty song .
My next instinct was to congratulate myself for what I thought was a brilliant insight .
That proved folly .
My brief flirtation with self - esteem was obliterated moments later when I figured out that everyone in the car had made the same comparison .
As I listened to " Wheels , " I was able to put aside my dislike for the Foo Fighters , even as I thought they were , at best , aping and , at worst , blatantly ripping off a musician I do n't even like all that much .
Probably because the song works as a classic rock song .
And probably because I do n't hate classic rock songs .
As the forgettable , predictable lyrics washed over my ears , ( yes , Dave G , " thinking " rhymes with " sinking " and " down " sort of rhymes with " around " ) a mystery was solved in my mind .
That mystery was this :
Why , if I hold artists to such a high standard of meaning , do I often find myself liking pop music ?
You might wonder how I can go from the Foo Fighters and Tom Petty to pop music .
Very easily , actually .
Classic rock is as pop as it gets .
An equation comes to mind .
A simple equation .
But an equation nonetheless :
Boston = Journey = Taylor Swift = Foo Fighters .
It 's all pop music .
And while I do n't listen to much Taylor Swift , I do occasionally listen to Boston and Journey .
I 'll defend the opening acoustic strums on " Peace of Mind " to anyone who listens .
I 'll do the same for the synthesizer in " Ask The Lonely . "
But not for the same reasons that I 'll champion A Place To Bury Strangers or Rage Against the Machine .
In the case of the former (s ) , I listen to their music because it 's easy and catchy .
And because it brings pleasant memories to mind .
For Boston : the back seat of the car driven by my best friend 's father , on the way to YMCA basketball games .
For Journey : the three days after " Greatest Hits " arrived from Columbia House .
I do not , however , listen to Boston or Journey when I 'm in search of greater understanding of the world at large .
That 's what Zach de la Rocha is for .
As " Wheels " finished its bombastic 4½ - minute run , I had a new theory .
It is this :
Taylor Swift is akin to the Foo Fighters on Paul Shirley 's pop music equation .
Theo Wargo / WireImage
There exists two separate categories of music .
There is the category occupied by Boston , Journey and the Foo Fighters .
And there is the category occupied by A Place To Bury Strangers , RATM and Tegan & Sara .
Sometimes the categories overlap ( see : Springsteen , Bruce ) , but that overlap will be difficult to define , and fun to argue about .
More important was the realization that I like both , but only as long as one is not presented to me under the guise of the other .
Which brings me back to the Foo Fighters .
And to Nickelback , but more on that in a few paragraphs .
Because of the Foo Fighters ' roots ( Nirvana ) , it was originally assumed that the band would be a serious , earnest group , similar to the one for which Dave Grohl had been a drummer .
The problem : Dave Grohl is not particularly serious .
And Nirvana , really , was more of a classic rock / rawk band than people realize .
It did n't help that the Foo Fighters ' first album was relatively raw and alt - sounding , thus drawing in unsuspecting program directors and Nirvana fans across the world .
Then , even as the band 's songs shifted toward a traditional classic rock sound , stations desperate for any Nirvana touchstone they could find clung to Grohl 's band .
And , eventually , annoying people like me who were hearing Foo Fighters songs and thinking , This sounds a lot more like Default than it does like Band of Horses .
As the years wore on , I gave up on the band .
The dissonance in my head was too much to handle .
When I dialed in a Foo Fighters album , my brain was telling me that it was expecting angst and emotion .
My ears , though , were getting B - sides from .38 Special .
And I was too daft to figure out that the problem was n't the Foo Fighters .
It was my expectations of the Foo Fighters .
My theory also helps explain my oft - maligned tolerance of ( here it comes ) Nickelback .
And , conversely , the intolerance displayed by everyone else .
Nickelback , like the Foo Fighters , is a straight - ahead , simplistic rock band .
Most would argue that the Foo Fighters are superior .
But in my mind , the only real difference is that one ( the Canadians ) takes itself seriously and the other ( FF ) does n't .
One might argue that this self - awareness is the reason that so many people like the Foo Fighters and so many hate Nickelback , but the fact that fans continue to buy Kobe Bryant jerseys pretty well decimates the " you should n't take yourself seriously if you want people to like you " theory .
I 'm OK with straight - ahead , simplistic rock bands .
Many people are not .
Including , of course , everyone who has written anything on the subject of music after 2002 .
I 'm comfortable in my roots -- in my dichotomy .
That does n't mean that I devote equal time to both sorts of music , or that I think the music of the Foo Fighters or of Nickelback is as worthwhile as the work of , say , early Smashing Pumpkins .
Or that it has as much staying power .
But it 's OK for a listen , now and then .
But that 's just my opinion .
For some , the Foo Fighters might occupy exalted status .
Those folks might listen to the Foo Fighters every day .
For others , hearing " Wheels " once might drive the listener to a bottle of bleach poured past a chapped uvula .
I 'll be here , in the middle , keeping both camps at bay .
And listening to " good " music .
Whatever that means .
Paul Shirley has played for 13 pro basketball teams , including three NBA teams : the Chicago Bulls , Atlanta Hawks and Phoenix Suns .
His book " Can I Keep My Jersey ? " -- which is available in paperback -- can be found here .
He can be found at Twitter ( Twitter.com / paulthenshirley ) and you can e-mail him here .
By John Sudworth
BBC News , Seoul
South Korea has one of the world 's lowest birth rates South Korean government workers are being presented with an unusual suggestion - go home and multiply .
At 1900 on Wednesday , officials at the Ministry of Health will turn off all the lights in the building .
They want to encourage staff to go home to their families and , well , make bigger ones .
They plan to repeat the experiment every month .
A ministry spokesman told the BBC that " Family Day " would encourage staff to spend a little more time at home .
By helping staff who work long hours to rediscover the importance of family , the hope is policy might have an impact on birth rate , even if only indirectly .
The country has one of the world 's lowest birth rates , lower even than neighbouring Japan .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Boosting the number of newborn children is a priority for the government , which is staring into the abyss of a rapidly ageing society , falling levels of manpower and spiralling health care costs .
The Ministry of Health , now sometimes jokingly referred to as the Ministry of Matchmaking , is in charge of spearheading this drive , and it clearly believes its staff should lead by example .
Generous gift vouchers are on offer for officials who have more than one child , and the department organises social gatherings in the hope of fostering love amongst its bureaucrats .
But critics say what is really needed is widescale reform to tackle the burdensome cost of childcare and education that puts many young people off starting a family .
Your Comments
The cost of nursery care in Korea can be four times that of a full - time university student 's tuition .
Plus , many parents feel compelled by competition to have private tutoring for their kids , even in primary school .
An average family spends up to 50 % of their income on one child 's education so it 's no wonder only the well - off can have two or more kids , and the poorest can't even begin to start families .
The emphasis on education here is a bit extreme .
David Karaolou , Seoul Family is of the utmost importance in Korean society .
It is difficult , however , to provide an exceptional childhood , a world - class education and a head - start in life to more than one or two children per family .
All of these appear to be mandatory to a " successful " Korean life .
Without lowering the cost of education , Korea 's birth rate will remain stagnant , or in decline .
Anon , Seoul I spend quite a bit of time in Seoul on business and I can confirm that the Koreans work extremely long hours .
The young software engineers will work till 0300 or 0500 and then stagger in the next day at 1100 ashen faced .
Obviously , this leaves no time for procreation .
One Wednesday last year they were all sent home at 1800 for a half day and nine months later two babies arrived on the scene .
Now , it is company policy to take a half day ( ie stop at 6 pm ) on Wednesdays , but they tend to sneak back in to get working again .
James Mahon , Dublin Ireland / Seoul South Korea
It says something about Korean civil servants that sending people home once a month at 1900 is early .
However the likelihood of this resulting in a change is slim .
There are plenty of diversions between the office and home .
Korea is a very social country where after work dinner / drinking parties are more the norm than exception .
It is entirely probable that this effort could have quite the opposite effect than intended .
RJC , South Korea
It is normal for women who have a baby to be fired in Korea .
Given this situation , women do not want to have a baby .
Moreover , the government in Seoul does n't say anything to support a family .
It 's quite ridiculous .
Seongjin , Gwangju I am a 30 old Korean man studying and staying in Paris .
First of all , I am sick of this kind of show from the government .
Young Korean couples worry about the burden of caring and raising children .
There are not enough public day nurseries and private ones are extremely expensive .
But it 's not just the cost of childcare , housing is also expensive and even less affordable on a pension .
The most serious problem is in education .
The majority of students attend private classes after school which is very costly .
Sangwook Lee , Paris , France In South Korea
I see my co-workers working all the hours God sends .
They only have 10 days off a year and an additional seven to 10 days off for national holidays ( in South Korea , if a national holiday lands on a weekend , it is lost ) .
Also , there is not much job security in terms of when a woman falls pregnant .
A co-worker of mine told me that if she fell pregnant her job would not be guaranteed on her return to work ie there is no real maternity leave !
These things have to be changed if the South Korean government want to increase the birth rate .
There are few monetary incentives and the biggest problem for women is job security .
A P , Seoul
It baffles me how governments tend to focus on the issues which are not a priority .
Instead of looking so far into the future , they need to focus on the people who are actually living here and now , namely the homeless , those in poverty or struggling financially and emotionally .
Should they succeed in creating a country that is at present giving its people a higher standard of living and a positive environment in which to live , then maybe couples will have a little more incentive to make additions to it 's population !
Governments do not need nor do they have the right to interfere in a matter that mother nature has been dealing with since life began !
Edel O'Driscoll , Osan , South Korea
This issue may also have something to do with the long working hours endemic to the cities of Korea , where the majority of the population now live .
Late nights at the office means social evenings are either spent drinking with work colleagues or put off altogether because people are too tired - neither of which are ideal baby - making conditions .
The intense study culture as well as mandatory military service for men means many Koreans put their potential family life on hold until much later , often well into their thirties .
Until Korean workers feel it's ok to go home before their boss at least once in a week they simply wo n't have time for match - making !
Alex Davies , Seoul , South Korea
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Mr Brown has been criticised for not being decisive by Tories in the past The UK government has become " utterly dysfunctional " and is failing to prepare for spending cuts , the head of the civil servants ' union has said .
Jonathan Baume , of First Division Association ( FDA ) , told the Guardian No 10 was seen as a " blockage " because of indecision from the prime minister .
Some ministers had " given up " and civil servants were starting to informally prepare for a Tory government , he said .
A Cabinet Office spokesman told the paper it generally got its role right .
The FDA represents 18,000 senior civil servants , policy advisers , diplomats and government economists .
There is always room for improvement , but we believe we generally get the balance right
Cabinet Office spokesman Mr Baume , who has been FDA general secretary since 1997 , told the newspaper the dysfunction he perceives is " partly political and partly organisational " .
" No - one is clear how the Treasury , the prime minister 's office and the Cabinet Office actually loop together and come up with a coherent policy initiative .
" When Gordon Brown became prime minister , no clear direction ever emerged from him , " he said .
He said there was a " government by announcement " , with new policies unveiled without a clear indication of how they would be funded at a time when departmental chiefs were looking at how budgets could be cut by 17 % .
There was a " sense of malaise at the political level " , with some ministers already focusing on what would happen after the election .
A Cabinet Office spokesman told the Guardian the role of the centre of government was to " set the strategic direction , provide co-ordination and maintain the standards across government , while departments take leadership on specific issues " .
" There is always room for improvement , but we believe we generally get the balance right , " he said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Michael Schumacher says that Ferrari will always have a place in his heart , following his 14 years with the marque before joining Mercedes GP .
In an open letter to Ferrari fans distributed through the Italian media , Schumacher pays tribute to the prancing horse and its followers and says he hopes they will carry on supporting him in future .
" For 14 years I was a part of Ferrari and for 14 years Ferrari was a part of me , " he said .
" A sizeable chunk of Ferrari will always stay in my heart .
I will always think of the warmth , the strength and the dedication I received for so many years from Italian Ferrari fans .
" I have felt welcomed by you , and I have tried to give you joy and passion when I fought on the tracks and rejoiced with you after victories . "
Schumacher says he has learned from Ferrari and expects the team to have a strong season in 2010 .
" I have found many friends and learned a lot in the years I spent at Ferrari , " wrote Schumacher .
" I carefully observed the way to face things and have often underlined this attitude in Germany : no moaning but rather trying to see the beauty and the goodness in what 's unavoidable , and rejoicing .
" Now a new chapter begins for me .
I will race on the track against Ferrari with the utmost respect .
I 'm convinced these will be hard battles .
Indeed , I 'm certain Ferrari will be able to show its historical strength because I know what these guys are able to do .
" I 'd like to thank everyone who has supported me .
I 'd be happy if , besides the two Ferrari drivers , you 'd carry on giving me a bit of your unlimited liking . "
December 18 , 2009
Lee Sustar explains why we 'll be better off if proposed health care " reform " legislation that may come to a vote in the Senate is defeated .
FROM BAD to worse to -- utterly wretched .
That 's the course of so - called health - care " reform " in the Senate .
The final version of the legislation is so filled with giveaways to big insurance companies that even leading liberal Democrats are threatening to join Republicans in opposing it .
While the right wing is still shrieking about a government takeover of health care , what 's really shaping up is a complete industry stranglehold over government policy .
The public option -- a proposal for a minimal government - run health plan available to the uninsured - - was road kill early on .
Now Sen .
Joe Lieberman has singlehandedly blocked a Senate effort to extend Medicare to people aged 55 rather than the current 65 - - even though he made just such a proposal a few months earlier .
Yes , the Senate plan would extend coverage to the uninsured -- by forcing them to buy policies , whether they can afford them or not .
Millions of people will have to buy high - premium , low - quality insurance through private health insurance exchanges , or be forced to pay a penalty .
Those plans wo n't cover abortions , if a handful of right - wing Democrats and Republican conservatives have their way .
Joe Lieberman ( Charles Monaco )
And remember President Barack Obama 's vow to prevent insurance companies from discriminating against individuals with preexisting conditions ?
That 's in the proposed bill -- but if you 've got such a condition , you could pay up to 50 percent more for your coverage .
Ditto for older people , who could pay premiums up to three times higher than younger people .
If you 're lucky enough to have a high - quality employer - sponsored insurance plan , you can keep it if you want , as Obama often says .
But you 'll pay for it , big - time .
The Senate has taken Obama 's plan to tax " Cadillac " health insurance plans -- typically those won by union members over decades -- even further , so now more modest " Chevy " plans will be taxed , too .
And under current legislation , today 's unaccountable corporate health insurance giants would become even more monstrous .
They'd be able to move their nominal base of operations to states with the weakest consumer protection laws in order to shield themselves from patients with complaints .
And they'd be shielded from much of current regulation .
As former Labor Secretary Robert Reich wrote :
From the start , opponents of the public option have wanted to portray it as big government preying upon the market , and private insurers as the embodiment of the market .
But it 's just the reverse .
Private insurers are exempt from competition .
As a result , they are becoming ever more powerful .
And it 's not just their economic power that 's worrying .
It 's also their political power , as we 've learned over the last 10 months .
THROUGHOUT THIS corporate perversion of health care reform , liberal organizations have mostly bit their tongues and gone along .
Health Care for America Now , a coalition that includes labor groups like the Service Employees International Union ( SEIU ) , has continued to put out vague advertisements and calls for action without challenging Obama 's capitulation to the insurance and pharmaceutical lobbies .
But the post - Lieberman Senate bill is so awful that some liberal groups are considering jumping ship .
The AFL - CIO , for example , held an emergency meeting to discuss whether or not to oppose the legislation .
Liberal Democrats are also being pushed to the brink of opposition -- or at least talking about it .
Leading the charge is former presidential candidate and former Democratic National Committee chair Howard Dean , a physician , who wrote :
Any measure that expands private insurers ' monopoly over health care and transfers millions of taxpayer dollars to private corporations is not real health - care reform ... Few Americans will see any benefit until 2014 , by which time premiums are likely to have doubled .
In short , the winners in this bill are insurance companies ; the American taxpayer is about to be fleeced with a bailout in a situation that dwarfs even what happened at AIG .
The legislation is now so bad that it presents the Democrats with an impossible dilemma .
If they fail to pass health care reform , they will be seen as incapable of governing .
But if they do push the legislation through , they 'll face a backlash - - not only from the Republican right , but from large sections of their voting base who will be socked with higher taxes now , and wo n't even be able to access the new insurance plans until 2014 -- and pay premiums that are likely to be still higher than they are today .
HOW DID we get here ?
How could Barack Obama so spectacularly squander his mandate and give a handful of " moderate " senators nearly total control over health care legislation ?
Part of the answer is Obama 's repeated commitment to " bipartisanship " -- an effort to get both main parties to support what is sold as " historic " legislation .
But given that the Republicans are determined to oppose Obama on virtually everything but his war drive in Afghanistan , such efforts were doomed from the start .
The administration 's strategy had the effect of putting so - called " moderate " Republicans like Maine 's Olympia Snowe in command of the process .
But Republican intransigence is only part of the problem .
The main reason for this debacle is the nature of the Democratic Party itself .
It 's not just that a key Senate figure on health care , Max Baucus , is a top recipient of campaign funds from the health insurance industry .
Nor can all the blame be placed on Rahm Emmanuel , the pro-corporate New Democrat who runs the Obama White House .
The problem is more fundamental .
Big business has dominated the U.S. political system since the rise of industrial capitalism more than a century ago .
But in recent decades , corporate dominance of Congress has reached new levels .
Health care reform has turned toxic for the same reasons that bankers have gotten trillions of taxpayer money from Congress while hard - pressed indebted homeowners have gotten almost nothing .
Bankers , like the health care companies , lavish legislatures with campaign contributions and offer key members of Congress second careers as highly paid lobbyists .
What about Obama , who invoked social movements in his campaign for the presidency ?
The fact is that Obama was never the outsider he portrayed himself to be .
His political rise had grassroots support , yet it was also sponsored by powerful businesspeople and Democratic officials .
Obama came to Washington not to transform the system , but to try to repair its image after eight years of George W. Bush and run it more competently .
In other words , Obama 's priorities were chosen for him by the established power brokers -- not just on health care , but every other issue , from the economy to the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan .
Some reform of the health care system makes sense for the capitalist class .
But capital is determined to push the costs of any changes onto workers .
Obama will try to sugarcoat that process , but he wo n't alter its pro-business character .
Certainly , the White House has committed plenty of strategic blunders and tactical stupidities in the process of coming up with legislation .
But the reality is that health care is negotiable for Obama - - while , for example , his commitment to advancing the aims of the U.S. empire is not .
When it comes to Afghanistan , Obama is prepared to move decisively and send 30,000 troops to Afghanistan to kill and be killed .
Yet in the face of a threat from Joe Lieberman , he caves on health care in a day -- and sends his spokespeople to attack Howard Dean for telling the truth about this terrible health care bill .
Millions of people voted for Obama because they believed he was a vehicle for progressive change - - not least on the issue of health care .
Many will still be tempted to support the current legislation , if only because the right has made it such a battleground .
But the reality is that everyone interested in genuine health care reform should try to stop this legislation and build a movement for something truly progressive -- a single - payer system that would provide decent health care for all .
Posted by John , November 16th , 2009 - under Permanent arms economy .
A voice for the voiceless is an occasional series in which I publish articles by students and young workers .
Feel free to send me a contribution .
This article is by Luke Mason from Sydney University .
The post -World War II boom ( “ the long boom ” ) lasted roughly from the 1940s to the early 1970s .[ i ]
During this period , the world economy went through enormous , unprecedented continuous economic growth . [ ii ]
This went against majority expectations .
It was thought that , after the war , the world economy would slide back into recession .
Instead , the growth lasted for decades .
The boom , however , came to an abrupt end in 1971 and then , after a short boom , ended again much more severely in 1973 .
Recession swept upon the advanced capitalist countries and a big part of the Third World .
No such long boom has occurred since .
The history of modern capitalism , from the mid-1800s onwards , has been a history of boom and bust : approximately every ten years or so , recession has hit world the economy ( Choonara , 2009 , p. 84 ) .
The long - boom thus holds particular significance .
It begs the question : why was the capitalist system able to escape recession for so long ?
Any explanation for why the long - boom ended must necessarily account for the boom itself .
This essay will argue that the root of the boom lay in what has come to be known as “ the permanent arms economy ” , and sees its end in a subsequent widespread decline in the rate of profit . [ iii ]
Other explanations , particularly that of “ social structure of accumulation ” theorists , will also be explored .
The essay will then conclude with the political implications of the end of the long boom .
The SSA approach places primacy on the role of institutions within political economy .
It suggests that institutions significantly shape the long - term socioeconomic performance of economies under capitalism .
Specifically , that they , as durable structures , condition the capital accumulation process , relationships between and within classes , capital and the state , and nation - states within the state system ( O’Hara , 2008 , p. 89 ) .[ iv ]
Furthermore , particular sets of institutions ( social structures of accumulation ) regulate “ [ l ] ong - term investment , demand and growth ” depending on their influence on confidence , stability , and conflict resolution ( O’ Hara , p. 89 ) .
The degree to which the SSA stabilises the economy is reflected in both the rate of profitability and its predictability ( Kotz et al , 1994a , pp. 56 - 57 ) .
This regulation occurs in an evolutionary fashion as a structure transforms through time with its capacity to produce long - term growth .
SSA theory posits , importantly , that this metamorphosis occurs “ through long movements ( “ waves ” ) of dynamic formation and demise ” ( O’ Hara , p. 90 ) .
Clusters of institutions that assist capital accumulation tend to promote long - swings of growth , while those that fail to do so tend towards long - swings of stagnation .
For SSA theorists , the post - World War II long boom – a perceived long - wave of expansion – and its end – a perceived beginning of a long - wave of stagnation – were facilitated by particular social structures of accumulation .
Gordon et al in Cherry et al ( 1987 , p. 43 ) look specifically at the US boom / slump , but have important implications for the SSA approach and the broader , global long boom .
They argue that the boom rested on the strength of US capital vis-á - vis potential challengers : through the capital - labour accord , Pax Americana , the capital - citizen accord , and the moderation of inter-capitalist rivalry ( Cherry , p. 48 ) .
As the boom rested on its strength , the weakness of the US capitalist class both in national and international terms led to a decline in profitability that then led to a supply - side crisis and an end of the boom . [ v ]
This weakness itself is attributed to : labour ’s revolt beginning in the 1960s over political and economic demands ; the defeat of Vietnam and challenges from the Third World ; and increased rivalry between and from both domestic and international capitals such as those from Europe and Japan ( Cherry , pp. 48-51 ) .
There are a number of weaknesses to the SSA approach outlined above .
Firstly , there is the tendency to ignore how states relate to each other within the state - system . [ vi ]
Just as no capital can exist in isolation from other capitals , so too can no state exist in isolation .
This is so even if , like in the case above , an analysis is limited to a national economy .
In Gordon et al there is no mention of the fact that together with the US all of the other major countries underwent a virtually simultaneous boom for three decades .
It leaves unanswered what the relationship is between the boom in the US and that of other countries .
This is a flaw that Kotz et al ( 1994 b , p. 307 ) note : that capitalism is comprised of a state system “ presents a challenge for the social structure of accumulation approach , which has tended to emphasize the relation between institutions and accumulation in particular countries “ .
Secondly , in Gordon et al ’s account ( Cherry et al , 1987 ) it is argued that the strength of US capital laid the basis for the US boom and with its demise came the slump .
An important element of the argument is the strength of the US working class , which is seen to have engaged in successful struggle from the mid-1960s and cut into profits .
This simply does not hold up to the facts of the situation ( Harman , 1999 , pp. 124-125 ; Dunn , 2009 , p. 151 ) .
The argument bears much resemblance to the “ wage - squeeze ” accounts of the crisis and fails just the same .[ vii ]
In reality , from 1955 to 1970 the share of wages fell 5.4 percent ( Harman paraphrasing Andrew Glyn , 1999 , p. 124 ) .
Perhaps even more importantly , while there was significant working class challenges to capital throughout Europe in the late 1960s and early 1970s – there was not in Japan , West Germany and , crucially , the US ( Harman , p. 125 ) .
Lastly , real wages rose every year throughout the 1950s in all the major capitalist countries and yet the profit rate and investment increased , inflation remained low with near full employment everywhere ( Harman , p. 126 ) .
This begs the question for SSA and wage - squeeze theorists alike : why did all the major economies go into crisis together in the mid-1970s ?
Similarly , the same question is raised regarding foreign competition : why only did the affects of competition become truly felt when they did ?
At the heart of the PAE approach is its attention to both the rate of profit and the level of arms spending throughout the duration of the long boom .
What was unique about the period was that economies had profit rates significantly higher and more sustained than in the pre-World War II decades ( Harman , 2009a , p. 165 ) .
This provided the impetus for continual investment from capital , but does not of itself explain how the rates were achieved and sustained throughout the period .
This look to profit rates is a common feature of both PAE and SSA approaches – why they occurred is where the two depart .
Where the SSA approach looks to the historical development of accumulation - conducive institutions , PAE explores the role of military expenditure .
Military expenditure , which was enormous , is important for two key reasons .[ viii ]
First , it provided a market for the output of major industries . [ ix ]
This meant major corporations could undertake long - term planning with the guarantee that they could realise their investment .
Second , it constituted unproductive expenditure .
It is unproductive insofar as the manufacturing of arms does not go into the production of future surplus value – it is either stockpiled or used directly in war ( Choonara , 2009 , p. 135 ) .
In Marxist economics , capitalists introduce new means of production in order to undercut their competitors with lower prices ; the threat of elimination then forces the general adoption of the innovation .
An outcome of this increase in the organic composition of capital ( the ratio of investment to labour – OCC ) is Marx ’s tendency for the rate of profit to fall . [ x ]
In this way , the unproductive expenditure is significant because it reduced the level of possible future accumulation and slowed a rise in the OCC – thus halting the falling rate of profit . [ xi ]
Another dynamic also underpinned the boom .
The extent varied from state to state , but during the period states seized ownership and control of capital accumulation ( “ state capitalism ” ) .
In the US , Britain and France the economy was oriented towards military competition ; while in Germany and Japan , it was oriented to foreign market competition ( Harman , 2009a , p. 171 ; Brenner , 2006 , p. 94 ) .
Moreover , the states acted to : reduce the pressures leading to overproduction ; directly enforce a high rate of exploitation ; intervene to slow down the boom where necessary ; and maintain a level of guaranteed demand ( Harman , 2009a , p. 178 ) .
The overall effect of these states – in the Global South , the West , Japan and the Eastern bloc – was to prevent the overproduction that was common prior to ( and after ) the long boom .
Importantly , these dynamics were not pre-planned ; they were a product of inter-imperialist rivalry .[ xii ]
Why then did the boom end ?
And why in 1973 ?
PAE again looks at what happened to rate of profit during the period .
There is general agreement among economists that profit rates fell from the late 1960s until the early 1980s ( Harman , p. 196 ) .[ xiii ]
Crucially , during this period the organic composition of capital increased rapidly .
As Harman ( 2009a , p. 197 ) explains , citing mainstream study figures , the US OCC in manufacturing rose by over 40 percent between 1957 - 68 and 1968 - 1973 , while the OCC in the UK rose by 50 percent between 1960 and the mid-1970s .
This validates the argument that a rising organic composition of capital can cut into profits , [ xiv ] but begs the question of why it happened when it did and not earlier .
To answer this , the contradictions within the long boom need to be examined . [ xv ]
There were two central contradictions : the first was the differences in arms spending between the major economies ; the second was the conflict between economic and military competition .
As foreign trade increased throughout the duration of the boom , larger and larger portions of US industry became susceptible to international competition .
This became particularly true when the US , in an attempt to cement its hegemony , allowed Germany and Japan access to its markets .
This , with their low levels of arms expenditure , allowed the two countries ’ productivity and world importance to significantly increase .[ xvi ]
The success of these countries put pressure on high arms spenders – such as the US and Britain – to cut back and invest productively .
The pressure of arms spending on its international competitiveness was revealed when it increased by a third during the Vietnam War and inflation skyrocketed and Wall Street turned against the war ( Harman , p. 199 ) .
In 1971 , US imports exceeded exports – forcing Nixon to further cut arms spending and devalue the dollar ( thus destroying Bretton Woods ) .
“ The dynamic of military competition was relentlessly undercutting the dynamic of military competition ” ( Harman , p. 200 ) .
Although the rising OCC in Germany and Japan had cut average profit rates , it gave them an advantage in export markets and forced other countries to pay .
This in turn pressured other economies to increase their own competitiveness through innovation and rising OCCs .
The falling profit rates of the 1970s were the result .
By 1973 the rates were so low that upsurge in raw material and food prices caused by the boom of the previous two years was sufficient to push the advanced Western economies into recession .
According to Gordon et al , the permanent arms economy ( PAE ) explanation for the crisis is “ incomplete at best ” and provides “ no further explanatory power ” or “ much additional empirical insight ” beyond the SSA approach articulated ( Cherry et al , 1987 , p. 53 ) .
On the contrary , the PAE overcomes the holes in the SSA approach .
While the SSA approach rightly looks at profit rates throughout the boom to explain the crisis , it cannot adequately explain why they drop so suddenly when they do – and indeed why it has a global character .
Furthermore , the PAE has far more explanatory power : PAE economists predicted in the early 1960s that the boom would unravel in the early 1970s , and in the late 1970s predicted the subsequent collapse of the USSR ( Kidron , 1967 ; Harman , 1977 ; Harman , 1976 ) .
In terms of empirical insight , the additional measure of the organic composition of capital , which the SSA approach lacks , gives PAE a firm foundation for its falling rate of profit thesis .
The same cannot be said of SSA , which relies almost entirely on the correlations between historical developments and profit rates , and faces the problem of cause and effect – each institutional factor seen to be the cause of crisis can each “ be seen to be as much the result of a wider crisis as a cause of its intensification ” ( Harman , 1999 , p. 143 ) .
Explanations for the long boom matter .
Why was the capitalist system able to escape recession for so long ?
A lot rests on the answer .
If the boom was a product of specific government intervention then it is plausible that a similar boom could occur if only governments again adopted certain policies .
And indeed , with the boom , at least in the advanced capitalist countries , rising real wages , near full employment and welfare provision on an unheard of scale ( Harman , 2009a , p. 161 ) .
If , on the other hand , it was a product of the competition between rival imperialist powers then a similar boom would have a rather high price attached to it .
As Harman ( p. 172 ) aptly puts it :
It was not “ social compromise ” and the “ welfare state ” that produced the long boom and the “ golden age ” .
Rather they were all by - products of militarised state capitalism .
Prosperity rested on the cone of the H- bomb .
The question is of renewed relevance given the critical state of the world economy and the debate over paths forward .
If the Great Depression ended and the long boom began because of the move to total war then prospects for capitalism are quite grim indeed .
Bibliography
Callinicos , Alex ( 2009 ) Imperialism and Global Political Economy , Cambridge , Polity .
Choonara , Joseph ( 2009 ) Unravelling Capitalism : A Guide to Marxist Political Economy , London , Bookmarks .
Brenner , Robert ( 2006 ) The Economics of Global Turbulence , New York , Verso .
Dunn , Bill ( 2009 ) Global Political Economy , London , Pluto Press .
Glyn , Andrew , Sutcliffe , Bob ( 1972 ) British capitalism , workers and the Profits Squeeze , Harmondsworth , Penguin .
Gordon , David M. , Weisskopf , Thomas E. , Bowles , Samuel ( 1987 )
“ Power , Accumulation , and Crisis : The Rise and Demise of the Postwar Social Structure of Accumulation ” , in Cherry , Robert , Naples , Michele I. , Moseley , Fred , Kurdas , Cigdem , Michl , Tom ( eds . )
The Imperilled Economy , Book 1 : Macroeconomics from a Left Perspective , New York , Union for Radical Political Economics .
Harman , Chris ( 2009a ) Zombie Capitalism : Global Crisis and the Relevance of Marx , London , Bookmarks .
Harman , Chris ( 2009 b ) ” The slump of the 1930s and the crisis today ” , International Socialism , Series 2 , No 121 , pp. 21-48 .
Harman , Chris ( 2007 )
“ The rate of profit and the world today ” , International Socialism , Series 2 , No 115 , pp. 141-161 .
Harman , Chris ( 1999 ) Explaining the Crisis , London , Bookmarks .
Harman , Chris ( 1996 ) “ The Crisis of Bourgeois Economics ” , International Socialism , Series 2 , No 71 , viewed 1/10/09 < http://pubs.socialistreviewindex.org.uk/isj71/harman.htm>.
Harman , Chris ( 1977 ) “ Poland : The Crisis of State Capitalism ( Part 2 ) ” , International Socialism , Series 1 , No 94 , viewed 2/10/09 < http://www.marxists.org/history/etol/writers/harman/1977/01/poland2.htm>.
Harman , Chris ( 1976 ) “ Poland : The Crisis of State Capitalism ( Part 1 ) ” , International Socialism , Series 1 , No 93 , viewed 2/10/09 < http://www.marxists.org/history/etol/writers/harman/1976/11/poland.htm>.
Kidron , Michael ( 1967 ) “ A Permanent Arms Economy ” , International Socialism , Series 1 , No 28 , viewed 1/10/09 < http://www.anu.edu.au/polsci/marx/contemp/pamsetc/perm/perm.htm>.
Kliman , Andrew ( 2007 ) Reclaiming Marx ’s Capital : A Refutation of the Myth of Inconsistency , Lanham , Maryland , USA , Lexington Books .
Kotz , David ( 1994a )
“ Interpreting the social structure of accumulation theory ” , in Kotz , David , McDonough , Terrence , Reich , Michael ( eds . )
Social structures of accumulation :
The political economy of growth and crisis , Melbourne , Cambridge University Press .
Kotz , David , McDonough , Terrence , Reich , Michael ( 1994 b )
“ Afterword : New International institutions and renewed world economic expansion ” , in Kotz , David , McDonough , Terrence , Reich , Michael ( eds . )
Social structures of accumulation :
The political economy of growth and crisis , Melbourne , Cambridge University Press .
O’Hara , Phillip ( 2008 ) “ A Social Structure Of Accumulation For Long Wave Upswing In Australia ? ” , Journal of Australian Political Economy , Issue 68 , June 2008 , pp. 88-111 .
[ i ]
This growth was continuous except for a small recession in 1949 in the US .
[ ii ]
While the growth was uneven throughout the world , it included the United States , Japan , Germany , France , Italy , Britain , Russia , much of Latin America , Asia and Africa ( Harman , 1999 , pp. 75-76 ) .
Notably , in places like India , China , and Latin America , while growth occurred , for the vast majority of people life remained much unchanged – or , indeed , it got worse .
[ iii ]
This essay will make heavy use of the work of Chris Harman who is the leading PAE theorist , and particularly his latest book ( Harman , 2009 ) because it contains the most up - to - date data .
[ iv ]
A key strength of O’Hara ’s version of SSA is his explicit acknowledgement of the state - system within capitalism and the implications it has both on a national and international scale .
[ v ] See Cherry et al ( 1987 , p. 45 ) for graphs of the rate of profit and accumulation .
[ vi ]
For more on the state system , see below and Callinicos ( 2009 ) .
[ vii ]
As the name suggests , these accounts argued that the long boom ended because of labour militancy which drove up wages and cut into profits .
For example , see Glyn and Sutcliffe ( 1972 ) .
For a critique see Harman ( 1999 , pp. 123-126 ) .
[ viii ]
Before the war levels of arms spending in the US were at 1 percent of GNP , after disarmament in 1984 it remained at 4 percent , then increasing to 13 percent in 1950 - 53 with the Cold War , only to remain at “ between 5 and 7 times the level of the interwar years throughout the 1950s and 1960s ” ( Harman , 2009a , p. 166 ) .
Levels were also quite large in Britain and to a lesser extent France .
[ ix ] Kidron ( 1967 ) suggests that in the US for eighteen major industries one - tenth or more had their “ final demand stemmed from government procurement ” .
[ x ]
Hereafter the theory will be called ‘ the falling rate of profit ’ .
[ xi ]
See Harman ( 2009a , p. 168 , footnotes 28 and 29 ; and pp. 195-197 ) for a survey of economists ’ empirical charting of the composition and its influence in reducing profit rates .
[ xii ] See Callinicos ( 2009 , pp. 165-188 ) for a history of the period and on the imperial competition between the US ’s “ open door ” ambition and the USSR ’s “ closed bloc ” .
[ xiii ] See Harman ( 2009a , p. 196 ) for graphs of US , German and Japanese profit rates .
[ xiv ]
As Harman ( 2009a , p. 197 ) notes , this is an empirical refutation of Okishio ’s critique of Marx ’s theory .
For formal refutations of Okishio ’s theorem , see Kliman ( 2007 ) and Harman ( 2007 ) .
[ xv ]
The argument articulated here as to why profits declined sharply is based heavily on Harman ( 2009 ) .
[ xvi ] See Harman ( 2009a , p. 198 ) for West Germany and Japan ’s capital and share of world GNP growth contrasted to the US .
Today , December 29 , 2009 , the New Horizons Pluto probe crosses an arbitrary but psychologically important line : it is now closer to Pluto than it is to Earth .
If there were people on board the small interplanetary probe , no doubt they'd be popping champagne .
I 'm sure that back on Earth , the team behind NH are pretty happy .
This probe has a checkered history , having been planned , canceled , re-planned , delayed , on and on .
It 's amazing it got to launch at all .
But on January 19 , 2006 the small , half - ton probe was sent on its way , and on July 14 , 2015 it'll sail past Pluto and its collection of moons , snapping pictures and taking data .
Today marks the official halfway point , where New Horizons has half its path already behind it .
Here 's a plot of its distance to Earth ( in blue ) and Pluto ( red ) care of the New Horizons site :
Distance in the graph is measured in Astronomical Units ( a yardstick used by astronomers for convenience ; it 's the distance of the Earth to the Sun , about 150 million km ( 93 million miles ) ) .
The distance to Earth is wiggly because the Earth goes around the Sun as New Horizons moves out , and the distance to Pluto decreases steadily as the spacecraft catches up on its journey .
Where the two lines cross is where the distances are equal , and that 's now , today !
You may be wondering about the timing : New Horizons is halfway in distance to Pluto , but the mission timeline halfway point is n't until October 16 , 2010 ( if I 've done the math correctly ) .
The probe was launched at high speed , slowed down due to the Earth 's and Sun 's gravity , picked up a kick from Jupiter in early 2007 , and has been slowing ever since .
Since it was moving faster before , it reached the distance halfway point before the schedule halfway point .
New Horizons is now 16.37 AU - 2.449 billion km , or 1.522 billion miles -- from home .
But maybe now , home is no longer Earth .
Once it crossed that line today , home became deep space .
Even Pluto and its moons Charon , Nix , and Hydra are only milestones for it .
It wo n't be stopping when it gets there ; New Horizons will sail on by , continuing into deep space .
It 'll become one of several other spacecraft we 've sent out of the solar system itself , set to wander interstellar space forever .
That is , unless one day we catch up to them ourselves .
I imagine in a few hundred years they 'd make fine museum pieces .
Or maybe , if poetry still exists in humans all those far - flung centuries from now , we 'll let those probes continue on .
I rather like that idea better .
You can follow the New Horizons probe on Twitter , which is how I found out about this milestone today .
Art credit : ESO / L. Calçada
Department of meaningless gestures
Two eminent mainstream journalists — Tom Friedman and Joe Klein — recently called for United States to disengage from the Israeli - Palestinian peace process , on the grounds that Palestinians were too divided to make a deal and the Israelis were not interested in one .
Friedman could n’t bring himself to draw the logical conclusion — if the United States truly going to “ disengage , ” that also means cutting off its economic and military assistance — but Klein did .
I have a certain sympathy for this position ( and even wrote similar things myself before I wised up ) , but there are two problems with this specific idea .
The first is that it is a meaningless prescription :
There ’s no way to cut the aid package ( or even put a hold on it , which is what Klein recommends ) so long as Congress is in hock to AIPAC and the other groups in the status quo lobby .
And unless I ’ve missed something , I doubt groups like J Street would support it either .
Friedman and Klein ’s statements do convey how discourse in the United States is changing , but the specific recommendation they offer here is a non-starter .
Remember : we are dealing with a Congress that just voted to condemn the Goldstone Report by a vote of 344 - 24 .
The aid package may be indirectly subsidizing the settlements and threatening Israel ’s future as a Jewish majority state , but a supine House and Senate will still sign the annual check .
The second problem , I fear , is that it is too little , too late .
Having dithered , delayed and dissembled ever since the Oslo Accords — while the number of settlers more than doubled — we are about to face an entirely different problem .
The sun is now setting on the “ two - state solution ” — if it is not already well below the horizon — and pretty soon everyone will have to admit that they are sitting around in the dark and pretending they see daylight .
Be careful what you wish for .
Israel is going to get what it has long sought : permanent control of the West Bank ( along with de facto control over Gaza ) .
The Palestinian Authority is increasingly irrelevant and may soon collapse , General Keith Dayton ’s mission to train reliable and professional Palestinian security forces will end , and Israel will once again have full responsibility for some 5.2 million Palestinian Arabs under its control .
And the issue will gradually shift from the creation of a viable Palestinian state — which was the central idea behind the Oslo process and the subsequent “ Road Map ” — to a struggle for civil and political rights within an Israel that controls all of mandate Palestine .
And on what basis could the United States oppose such a campaign , without explicitly betraying its own core values ?
In this regard , it was telling that Martin Indyk — a key figure in the lobby and far from a harsh critic of Israeli policy — is quoted in the Times saying “ more than likely , we are entering a new era . ”
I think he ’s right , and he sounds worried .
He should be , because the Obama administration is n’t remotely ready for it .
MUSA AL - SHAER / AFP / Getty Images
DETROIT --
Whether the Detroit Red Wings ’ marketing department will have an opportunity to produce another playoff song this season remains to be seen .
For now , Paul Simon 's " Slip Slidin ' Away " seems appropriate .
The Red Wings keep squandering third - period leads -- along with precious points .
The latest was particularly tough to take as the Phoenix Coyotes scored twice in the final 90 seconds of regulation and won , 5 - 4 , on Shane Doan 's goal at 3:50 of overtime Tuesday at Joe Louis Arena .
" You can't let off the gas in this league at all , and if you do , that 's what happens , " Red Wings goaltender Jimmy Howard said .
" They just came at us , threw everything but the kitchen sink at us in the last couple minutes . "
Their trouble began when Darren Helm was penalized for hooking with less than 2 minutes remaining .
The Coyotes pulled goalie Ilya Bryzgalov for a six - on - four advantage and cut their deficit to 4 - 3 on Keith Yandle 's second goal of the game .
Then , with Bryzgalov off again for the extra skater , Ed Jovanovski scored with 21.6 seconds to play to tie the game .
The Red Wings won the defensive - zone faceoff , but Brad Stuart failed to clear the puck .
" Two guys are coming on Stewie and he's on his backhand and it's hard to get anything on it when you 're going around the net on your backhand , " Red Wings captain Nicklas Lidstrom said .
" ( After ) we win that faceoff and they get the puck back , we can still try to keep them on the outside better than we did . "
Said Red Wings coach Mike Babcock : " It 's unfortunate , we had won the draw on the tying goal and did n't execute .
Thought we were going to the half - wall and Pav ( Datsyuk ) would be there to get it out .
That never happened , never got it out .
Then , they got a bounce when they threw it off Stewie 's skate , came right out front and scored . "
The freefall was complete after Helm turned the puck over in his own zone , leading to Doan 's goal .
Detroit has blown third - period leads in four consecutive games and five of its past six .
It has squandered two - goal leads in four of those games .
" The last while , even though we 've given up some leads , I did n't think it was because we were getting outplayed , " Babcock said .
" But tonight , when we were ahead 4 - 2 with about five minutes left , we got a little tentative instead of going after them . "
The collapse spoiled Lidstrom 's big night .
Heating up offensively after a slow start , he scored a pair of goals in the third period to put the Red Wings up 4 - 2 .
Lidstrom snapped a 2 - 2 tie with 8:38 remaining on a nice give - and - go with Henrik Zetterberg .
He then scored a power - play goal with 4:38 to play .
But in the end , instead of gaining two points on a club they 're chasing in the Western Conference , the Red Wings lost ground to the Coyotes .
" Anyway you look at it , it 's a tough loss , " Babcock said .
" We were in a great situation to get two points , and for them to get none , and in the end they end up with two and we end up with one .
" You got to do good things over a long period of time in games to earn confidence , and tonight , the last few minutes killed us . "
After Datsyuk opened the scoring at 7:58 of the first period , the Coyotes got goals from Scottie Upshall ( 10:28 on the power play ) and Yandle ( 12:07 ) in the second period .
Patrick Eaves tied it at 2 - 2 just 11 seconds after Yandle scored .
The Red Wings built off the momentum from Eaves ' goal but could n't finish the job .
" We need these points real bad , " Howard said .
" We got to play with a little more desperation out there . "
The Coyotes find themselves in an unfamiliar position six points ahead of Detroit .
They have never finished ahead of the Red Wings since moving from Winnipeg to Phoenix in 1996 - 97 .
" They 're a team that 's coming .
At the end of the day , they 're going to make some noise , " Jovanovski said .
" That 's why these two points are so big . "
( NaturalNews )
A common flame retardant chemical , Decabromodiphenyl ether ( Deca ) , is set to be phased out of use in consumer products in the next several years .
Three large chemical companies that produce and use the toxin , in cooperation with the Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) , have arrived at a voluntary agreement to stop producing Deca by December 2012 and eliminate all usage of it completely in 2013 .
Deca has been detected in food , dust , and samples of human serum and breast milk .
Because exposure can cause severe neurological problems and behavioral abnormalities , especially in babies and children , removing it from industrial use is a top health priority .
Production of Deca also produces two other byproduct bromides , Penta - BDE and Octa-BDE , that are potentially even more dangerous than Deca .
Most brominated flame retardants ( BFRs ) are implicated in causing cancer , auto - immune diseases , diabetes and other illnesses because they bio-accumulate in the body over time .
Representative Chellie Pingree from Maine 's First District introduced House Resolution 4394 , The Deca - bromine Elimination and Control Act , that would mandate the elimination of Deca usage by 2013 .
Shortly after its introduction , the EPA made its voluntary pact with Chemtura , Albemarle , and ICL Industrial Products to voluntarily remove the chemical from production by that time .
Millions of pounds of Deca are used every year to create plastic pallets for transporting food .
Contamination from pallet dust and other residue is a serious concern that Pingree and others are trying to address .
Rep .
Pingree is moving forward with her bill despite the voluntary agreement , citing past failures of industry to honor its word in complying with voluntary protocols .
Her bill will also ensure that only safe alternatives to Deca will be permitted for use following its removal , eliminating the chance that another toxic chemical will take Deca 's place once it is outlawed .
A report from the Washington State Department of Health found that there are already safe , non-chemical alternatives to Deca that work effectively as flame retardants in consumer electronics and furniture .
These include two phosphate - based retardants , resorcinol bis diphenyl phosphate ( RDP ) and triphenyl phosphate ( TPP ) .
Many experts and health advocates are hoping that Congress will enact massive reform of the nation 's toxic chemical laws in order to eliminate the many toxic chemicals that are commonly used in consumer products , food materials and packaging .
Until such a task is accomplished on a wide scale , individual chemicals like Deca will have to be banned legislatively , one by one .
Sources for this story include : http://www.ewg.org/Flame_Retardant_Chemical_...
0
MMAJunkie is reporting that former UFC middleweight champion Rich Franklin has decided to use his downtime to correct a slight tear in his abdomen .
Franklin last fought at UFC 103 where he lost to Vitor Belfort in Dallas .
Franklin told the website that the injury first arose while preparing for his UFC 93 scrap against Dan Henderson last January and has lingered until now .
“ It ’s not real painful yet , but I ’m having it taken care of prior to it becoming a major problem , ” Franklin told MMAJunkie .
The former 185 - pound king is hoping to make a return sometime in the spring , preferably the May 1st card if he can get cleared in time to put together a solid training camp .
UFC 113 is being rumored to take place in Montreal , Quebec , Canada on that date .
The rumor mill has the re-match between light heavyweight champion Lyoto Machida and Mauricio “ Shogun ” Rua slated as the cards ’ main event .
Aaron 's father 's funeral is today at the family home , and everything goes wrong : the funeral home delivers the wrong body ; a cousin gives her fiancé a Valium from her brother 's apartment , not knowing her brother is dealing drugs - it's LSD and the fiancé arrives at the funeral wildly stoned ; Aaron 's younger brother , Ryan , a successful writer , flies in from New York broke but arrogant ; one uncle is angry over his daughter 's choice of boyfriends , and the other is cranky and coarse .
Add an ovulating wife , a jealous ex-boyfriend , and a short stranger who wants a word with Aaron - what could he want ?
Would another death solve Aaron 's problems ?
And what about the eulogy ?
Written by < jhailey@hotmail.com >
The full - length album used to be king of the mountain .
But now major labels are learning that shorter may be better .
EPs — originally extended - play “ single ” releases that are shorter than traditional albums — have long been popular with punk and indie bands .
But some industry insiders predict that major - label acts will follow the lead of artists like Lady Gaga , who released “ The Fame Monster ” EP in November , and watched it soar .
Why ?
Consumers ’ buying habits are evolving faster than the arrival of the latest iTunes software upgrade , and the industry ’s big players are being forced to adapt .
Imagine a wonky world where Susan Boyle releases her music via digital - only singles while My Chemical Romance puts out three EPs in place of a full - length record .
While U2 , Green Day and others of their stature will likely stay strong on the full - length CD train , others — maybe T.I. , Kelly Clarkson or the All American Rejects — might resort to releasing shorter records .
Those are just hypotheticals , but music - biz leaders noticed when “ The Fame Monster ” peaked on the Billboard charts at No. 5 .
Surely , the full - length record is n’t dead .
But it ’s clearly ailing .
“ If people want their music in a box , you do n’t give it to them in a suitcase , ” said Ryan Tedder , the Denver - based frontman for OneRepublic and a prominent pop songwriter and producer .
“ Some big artists will be putting out singles or EPs this coming year , and it ’s all about them trying to meet their fans where they ’re at . ”
The singles scene
Today ’s pop-music fans are more technologically savvy than ever .
They know how to download singles — and whether they ’re paying or not is another issue .
More important , many fans only want the single .
They ’ve sampled the record in its entirety on music sites like lala.com , and they ’re OK with owning only two songs off the album , even from their favorite artists .
The trend is as alarming for major labels as it is for the artists who call those labels home .
“ As an artist , I ’ll do whatever it takes to respond to where this country and industry are at , ” said Tedder , who penned and produced his group ’s hits “ Apologize ” and “ All the Right Moves . ”
“ For OneRepublic , this new album could be the last full - length we ever release .
If this record only sells singles , then that says something , and our next album might be split into two EPs .
If this album grows and grows and becomes a monster , then it might mean that we have the kind of fans who buy albums . ”
Tedder knows of multiple major - label acts that will release EPs and singles in 2010 , though he ’s not at liberty to name names just yet .
It ’s a new world for the big dogs who are n’t known for their ability to adjust and adapt .
And that ’s just one of the reasons Billy Corgan took his group , the Smashing Pumpkins , away from the big - label system in the past decade .
The Pumpkins announced a few weeks ago that they would release all 44 songs of the upcoming record , “ Teargarden by Kaleidyscope , ” as they are finished .
The first of these songs , the low - fi piano ballad “ A Song for a Son , ” is available at smashingpumpkins.com as a free download .
And if Corgan is to be believed , 43 others will follow in the months to come .
“ I think every artist should choose the model that they feel best expresses their vision and not get too caught up in what is popular at that moment , ” Corgan said last week .
“ I would add to that , however , that the album as a way of compiling your music seems to have lost its weight in the world , which is why I ’ve gone off it for Smashing Pumpkins . ”
The Pumpkins are all too familiar with the art of crafting a thorough CD .
They recorded five - plus records for Virgin throughout the ’90s , one of which was the epic , 28 - song , two - disc majesty of 1995 ’s “ Mellon Collie and the Infinite Sadness ” — a set that moved more than 9 million copies in North America alone .
That success put the Pumpkins in a position to be able to release their material in an unusual fashion .
But there is an idea floating around that says these nontraditional releases could help break new acts , as well .
It ’s all a part of a greater plan .
“ There is a general feeling in the music industry that now is the time to try new things , ” said Nick Heliotis , one of the folks behind Seattle - based label Hardly Art .
“ One of the great things about being in an industry where the walls are crumbling and everything is crashing down , so to speak , is that it allows for a huge amount of creativity and rewriting of the norms .
When the old ways are n’t working , people are much more apt to try out new things . ”
One such possibility : the digital EP .
It costs less to create — fewer songs means less time in the studio , and digital distribution is done with the press of a button .
“ It has been talked about a lot , and I think it is , to some extent at least , true that the advent and subsequent domination of digital sales — and specifically the iTunes sales platform and the way they promote releases there — has put the focus back on singles in a way that was never the case during the CD era , ” said Heliotis .
“ I think driving sales around the release of a single or an EP is possible again because of these new realities — if iTunes gets behind an EP , it can take off in a way that would be extremely hard to replicate in the physical - sale market .
And matching that sort of promo in an indie or chain retail is very expensive — definitely not cost - feasible for an EP with an $ 8 price tag . ”
It comes down to the numbers .
At what point is a band an album band ?
And at what point does it become an EP / single band ?
“ Let ’s be honest , ” said Tedder .
“ I wo n’t name the acts ’ names , but I could name 10 acts right now who , when you look at their single sales versus album sales , you want to ask them : ‘ Why even make an album ? ’
“ I ’m not saying every act is like this , but a lot of iTunes artists sell 200,000 albums and 4 million singles .
And when you have that kind of , not a disconnect but an unweighted balance , of singles to albums , do the math , and you ’ll see what we ’re talking about . ”
So it ’s realistic that some of these pop bands and hip - hop groups will go in the direction of releasing EPs or singles instead of full albums ?
“ Is it going toward that direction ?
Yes , ” Tedder said .
“ I know a lot of artists right now who have gotten record deals recently that are single deals — and I have n’t heard of single deals since the ’ 70s , and I was n’t even alive then . ”
It ’s a throwback of a situation indeed — and it ’s one that does n’t place a lot of confidence on the musicians .
Imagine a band getting a $ 20,000 advance to fund the recording of four or five songs .
It ’s released digitally , and if there ’s a hit in there , the label will then release the EP physically .
If there ’s another hit , then the band might be signed to make a full record .
“ Typical albums cost a half - million bucks before marketing , ” Tedder said , “ and you can get this for $ 50 grand .
It ’s the new paradigm . ”
Ricardo Baca : 303-954-1394 or rbaca@denverpost.com
MOSCOW  Nearly two decades after the collapse of the Communist Party , Russia ’s rulers have hit upon a model for future success : the Communist Party .
Or at least , the one that reigns next door .
Like an envious underachiever , Vladimir V. Putin ’s party , United Russia , is increasingly examining how it can emulate the Chinese Communist Party , especially its skill in shepherding China through the financial crisis relatively unbowed .
United Russia ’s leaders even convened a special meeting this month with senior Chinese Communist Party officials to hear firsthand how they wield power .
In truth , the Russians express no desire to return to Communism as a far - reaching Marxist - Leninist ideology , whether the Soviet version or the much attenuated one in Beijing .
What they admire , it seems , is the Chinese ability to use a one - party system to keep tight control over the country while still driving significant economic growth .
Josh W. emailed to let us know that he was recently browing the website Toys to Grow On and was surprised when he noticed that girls were used to model a number of toys that we ’d normally see with boys :
The degree to which toys are gendered really struck me when I realized how surprising these images are –that a girl dressed up as an FBI agent , or using tools , was something to be excited about because it ’s so unusual .
Interestingly , I looked through the rest of the site and did n’t find an equivalent effort to show boys playing with stereotypically feminine toys .
In fact , boys were quite underrepresented on the site–there are many more girls than boys .
If I had to just hazard a guess , I ’d think this has something to do with the fact that we tend to imagine gender equality as a world in which women have access to the same things men have–jobs , equivalent pay , and so on .
We worry that girls are being harmed if they ’re told girls are n’t good at math , never see images of women as doctors , and so on .
Most people are less likely to think boys are being treated unfairly by not seeing images of boys playing with dolls or an Easy Bake oven , so the absence of those types of images do n’t get as much criticism or attention .
UPDATE : Commenter Alyssa nicely summarizes why see this difference :
While cruising the junkyards a few years ago , I came across a Chevy Nova Convertible that was 98 % parted out and left for dead .
This made me sad because :
A ) I get emotionally attatched to cars in junkyards
B ) Chevy only made these in 1962 and 1963 , for a total production of about 50,000 units .
That seems like a lot at first glance , but they made over 300,000 Nova 4 door sedans in the same time frame , in addition to thousands more 2 door sedans and hardtop models .
The unfortunate reality , is that this car has most likely long been crushed , which is really too bad because the body itself did n’t look all that bad .
Here in New England , we rebuild far worse .
Transport Minister John Baird said Canada would have to review a U.S. plan to single out travellers arriving from specific countries for additional screening at airports to see whether adopting it might violate the rights of Canadians .
Civil liberties activists and Muslim leaders have expressed concern over new methods of screening passengers travelling into the U.S. , which they say open the door to profiling based on race .
The U.S. Transportation Security Authority has instituted additional screening for anyone flying into the U.S. who is a citizen of or is travelling from any of the 14 countries deemed to be state supporters of terrorism or " of interest " to the U.S .
However , Canada 's Charter of Rights and Freedoms prevents discrimination based on a citizen 's country of origin .
Baird said Wednesday it was unclear how the newly adopted measures in the U.S. might affect the rights of Canadians .
" We will get the specifics [ of ] what the request is from the United States and then come up with a Canadian response , " he said .
Prime Minister Stephen Harper left open the possibility in an interview with the CBC's Peter Mansbridge on Tuesday that Canada might not follow suit with similar restrictions and develop its own security policy .
" We 're going to take a look at these measures very carefully , and we may arrive at different conclusions , " Harper said .
14 countries focus of U.S. screening
The new U.S. screening procedures came in the wake of a failed attempt by a Nigerian man to set off a bomb on a flight from Amsterdam to Detroit on Christmas Day .
The U.S. State Department lists Cuba , Iran , Sudan and Syria as state sponsors of terrorism .
The " countries of interest " include Afghanistan , Algeria , Iraq , Lebanon , Libya , Nigeria , Pakistan , Saudi Arabia , Somalia and Yemen .
Canada has thus far not adopted the same country - of - origin screening policy , with Baird saying Tuesday that " 100 per cent " of Canadian travellers bound for the United States could be subjected to secondary screening .
Both countries have stated that travellers selected through a screening process would be subjected to a body scan capable of detecting items hidden underneath clothing .
The government announced Tuesday that 44 scanners would be installed at major Canadian airports in the coming months in order to comply with new U.S. security protocols .
The American Civil Liberties Union and the Canadian Civil Liberties Association said the policy of targeting travellers from specific countries opens the door to discriminatory racial profiling .
It also gives a false sense of security , the groups allege , since it would exclude such dangerous individuals as the men who perpetrated the Sept. 11 , 2001 , attack on the U.S. , who came from Germany , and the 2002 London shoe bomber , who held a British passport .
Neither Germany nor the U.K. is on the watch list .
Security to watch for suspicious behaviour
Baird indicated that the Canadian Air Transport Security Authority will not focus on particular countries but instead identify passengers who exhibit suspicious behaviour and subject them to enhanced screening .
Former Muslim Canadian Congress founder Tarek Fatah , an often outspoken critic of conservative Islam , said he believed some screening should be in place to protect North Americans from the threat of terrorist attacks .
Canada 's method of focusing on passenger behaviour is more reliable than the U.S. plan to target 14 countries , he said .
The latter method will result in Muslim families , for example , being wrongly singled out while not doing enough to target young men travelling from countries not on the list .
" Using country status profiling is merely for President Obama to suggest that ' I am a tough guy ' , " Fatah told CBC .
Concerns of harassment
Canadian Civil Liberties Association general counsel Nathalie Des Rosiers expressed concern , however , that in light of the U.S. policy , the subjective nature of Canada 's behavioural screening process might lead to profiling anyway .
" In the context of the pressures from the United States , that concerns us , " she said .
Shahid Hashmi of the Canadian Pakistani Chamber of Commerce says even though he has lived in Canada for 37 years , he is concerned that since Pakistan is his country of birth and he is a Muslim he will be targeted by security officials when he next flies into the U.S .
" I 'm quite nervous , " he said .
" I do n't mind having a security check , but there is a difference between checking and harassing . "
He said he understands the need for checks to prevent terrorism , but said the same check should be done on everyone .
Posted on by chillguy33
But that ’s not all : US government scientists RIG their output data ; AFTER THEY ARE DONE cherry - picking their input data .
( I am referring to US GOVERNMENT CLIMATE and WEATHER scientists , immediately .
But if you suffer from the allusion you are a scientist , and work for the US government , you should ask yourself if you are in the wrong kitchen .
You absolutely should consider a scientific career at the UN ) .
GERMS would make superior US government scientists , imho .
The bigger the government , the bigger the lie – has been demonstrated .
In fact , what is proven is that “ government scientist ” is an oxymoron perfectly designed for the satisfaction of illiterate government bureaucrats and journalists .
My advice is to keep “ government scientists ” at about 6 parsecs distance ( note for journalists , this is a long way ) .
Otherwise , they are genetically predisposed to pick your pocket ; and will do so without mercy until long after global warming freezes over .
The “ allegations ” – as disingeneously referred to by the journalist below – are scientifically justified – the proof is a lock .
The facts are obvious and speak for themselves .
This is in noteworthy distinction to anthropogenic global warming , which has never been scientifically proven .
“ TRUE BELIEVERS ” are only interested in the unproven .
Of what is scientifically proven or what is actual history ( e.g. Medieval Warming ) , they prefer to remain skeptical .
Scientists using selective temperature data , skeptics say
Two American researchers allege that U.S. government scientists have skewed global temperature trends by ignoring readings from thousands of local weather stations around the world , particularly those in colder altitudes and more northerly latitudes , such as Canada .
In the 1970s , nearly 600 Canadian weather stations fed surface temperature readings into a global database assembled by the U.S. National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration ( NOAA ) .
Today , NOAA only collects data from 35 stations across Canada .
Worse , only one station — at Eureka on Ellesmere Island — is now used by NOAA as a temperature gauge for all Canadian territory above the Arctic Circle .
The Canadian government , meanwhile , operates 1,400 surface weather stations across the country , and more than 100 above the Arctic Circle , according to Environment Canada .
Yet as American researchers Joseph D’Aleo , a meteorologist , and E. Michael Smith , a computer programmer , point out in a study published on the website of the Science and Public Policy Institute , NOAA uses “ just one thermometer [ for measuring ] everything north of latitude 65 degrees . ”
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Filed under : Scientists Lie | Tagged : Scientists Lie |
With all the speculation currently making the rounds about Obama axing the Constellation program and ending the possibilities of humans returning to the Moon anytime soon , it was brought to our attention by a reader that under the 2010 Consolidated Appropriations Act , H.R. 3288 , passed on September 17 , 2009 , Congress inserted a clause in the language of the FY2010 NASA funding bill that would prevent President Obama from terminating the Constellation program without Congressional approval .
Senator Bill Nelson of Florida and Senator Richard Shelby from Alabama — two states that have a huge stake in NASA ’s future — were the main sponsors of the clause in the Senate version .
So , it does n’t appear that Obama can just cut Constellation , not without a fight , anyway .
Also while we ’re on the subject of NASA ’s future , Administrator Charlie Bolden spoke in Israel yesterday , and journalist Avi Blizovsky from the online publication Hayadan shared with Universe Today some interesting comments Bolden made about NASA ’s direction .
Bolden apparently confirmed that an agreement had been reached between NASA and its international partners to continue operations of the International Space Station until 2020 .
( Another Russian report said that NASA has suggested keeping the station operational until 2028 ) .
Bolden was in Israel at the Ilan Ramon International Space Conference to help announce that two new Israeli astronauts will be named .
Bolden said there will be dramatic changes to the human spaceflight program .
“ We are going to have to adapt to change , and the President ’s decision is the beginning of the debate , ” Bolden said .
Without offering specific detail he added , “ Based on what I know today is this is the best thing for the nation and for the family of space fairing nations . ”
He said the current budgetary situation does not allow NASA to go to the Moon , but he emphasized the importance of international partnerships returning to the Moon and going to Mars .
“ Flying in space is expensive and risky and requires a broad set of capabilities that it is difficult for one nation to do it , ” he said .
“ I think what President Obama wants me to do is work more closely with international partners . ”
But he also stressed how commercial space companies will extremely important to the future of space exploration .
“ As we phase the space shuttle out , we have got to find another way to get humans to space .
What we ’re going to focus on , … is facilitating the success of , I like to use the term ‘ entrepreneurial interests ’ , ” he said , saying that NASA has always used commercial companies to build and maintain the shuttle and other vehicles .
“ What ’s going to change , I think , is that instead of NASA buying a vehicle and then taking over its primary operations , we will buy a service . ”
So , back to speculating :
Also , remember the news that broke shortly after Obama and Bolden met at the White House in December : a White House insider reported that Obama is going cut Ares , but still ask Congress to fund a new heavy - lift launcher to take humans to the moon , asteroids , and the moons of Mars .
The news in December said NASA would receive an additional $ 1 billion in 2011 ( now reports are saying $ 1.8 billion ) to get the new launcher on track and to bolster the agency ’s fleet of robotic Earth - monitoring spacecraft .
So do n’t count out returning to the Moon just yet .
Hat tip to UT reader Craigboy and the Daily Kos
The winner of the Guardian 's online contest to solve the mystery of Blair 's finances is Richard Murphy , a crusading accountant from Tax Research UK .
His entry unearthed the small print of the Partnership ( Accounts ) Regulations 2008 to reveal that Blair has found an unusual method to keep his wealth secret from the rest of us .
Murphy wins an original cartoon by Steve Bell .
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
A little - known loophole in UK company law is being used by Tony Blair to keep his finances secret , the Guardian can disclose .
Blair would normally have to publish company accounts detailing the millions flowing into his various commercial ventures since he stepped down from office in 2007 .
But he has set up a complicated artificial structure which avoids the normal rule .
In effect , he is getting the benefits of running a British company without the drawbacks of unwelcome publicity .
His main vehicle is a so - called limited partnership , christened Windrush Ventures No 3 LP .
Thanks to a gap in the Whitehall regulations , this entity is not required to publish any accounts .
Such partnerships must normally disclose figures , or face criminal penalties .
Blair sidestepped the rules by inserting a second partnership as one of the notional partners , in a way the regulations do not cover .
This second partnership , Windrush Ventures
No 2 LLP , is a so - called limited liability partnership , a type of entity only invented in 2000 , which the rules have not been updated to mention .
The LLP in turn controls Blair 's operating company , called Windrush Ventures Ltd , which runs his Mayfair office in Grosvenor Square .
The perfectly legal structures Blair has set up to achieve secrecy are so complicated that they have previously baffled analysts .
They involve 12 different entities , six in the Windrush structure and another half - dozen in a more recent parallel structure called Firerush .
Blair 's spokesman told us : " This has been done on the basis of legal and accountancy advice throughout . "
He called the structures " simply an administrative vehicle established in order to allow Mr Blair 's office sensibly to administer his different projects " .
One name involved is Blair 's lawyer Alexandra Harle , of solicitors Bircham Dyson Bell .
She specialises in setting up various types of partnership .
Observers estimate that fees for keeping up such complex structures exceed £ 15,000 a year .
When Blair refused to give any information , the Guardian ran a worldwide online competition as an experiment in crowd - sourcing , to find the best explanation for his schemes .
The winner was crusading accountant Richard Murphy , of Tax Research UK .
He identified the small print of the Partnership ( Accounts ) Regulations 2008 as the key to the mystery .
" Memo to Peter Mandelson : this really is an abuse you should stop very soon , " he says .
Murphy adds : " What is it that Tony is so keen to hide that he 'll go to this length and this cost to do so ? "
While the law requires Blair to publish limited accounts for parts of the Windrush entities , the finances of the master - partnership remain a secret .
More than £ 6 m can be seen to have cascaded down from the partnership into other companies .
But details of the full revenues remain hidden .
Murphy claims this gives Blair all the advantages of an offshore " secrecy jurisdiction " while allowing him to state , correctly , that he remains a regular , onshore , British taxpayer .
There were a large number of other entries to the Guardian competition – rapidly dubbed the Blair Rich Project .
Some responses set out to be witty .
Zap Papa , an otherwise anonymous artist , said the name Windrush must be reminiscent of the asinine Ian Carmichael character Stanley Windrush in the 1959 film comedy I'm All Right Jack .
" The film had a general theme of intolerance towards trade union activity – quite apposite in regard to the pompous target of your investigation , " Zap Papa said .
Iain Miller said the answer to the question " Who is Blair 's partner ? " must be : " He 's in partnership with God . "
Others merely took advantage of anonymity to be rude about our former prime minister .
But more dedicated , and sometimes far - flung online readers spotted unexpected facts in the small print of the posted documents .
From China , a computer programmer , Joe Gittings , unearthed Blair 's brief flirtation with the law firm Rosenblatts before he moved on to Bircham Dyson Bell .
Rosenblatt 's address was listed on early Companies House filings .
Jonathan Metliss , a Rosenblatt lawyer at the time , was a friend of Cherie Blair 's confidante Martha Greene .
Another novel fact unearthed by an anonymous online researcher was that Windrush registered a domain name for the Low Carbon Capital Fund .
This is a hitherto unknown project of Blair 's , yet to achieve lift - off .
Other accountants and tax advisers speculated that Blair might have been contemplating going offshore were he to become EU president .
One particularly cynical entrant suggested that Blair might have been relieved of large fees by crafty financial advisers , in return for an unnecessarily complex structure .
But Murphy 's entry proved to be the only concrete suggestion which stood up to detailed technical scrutiny .
Emma Wilkinson
Health reporter , BBC News
Period pain is a common complaint Exercise does not help to alleviate period pain , despite it being commonly recommended for women with monthly symptoms , say researchers .
A study of more than 650 university students reported in BJOG found 28 % had moderate to severe period pain .
But Birmingham University researchers said they found no link with the amount of exercise the participants did .
GPs said women should be encouraged to do exercise regardless but drugs are available for those with period pain .
The study authors said beliefs about exercise being an effective treatment for bad period pain had persisted for years .
It is a common problem and people usually self - medicate
Professor Steve Field , Royal College of GPs
They carried out a questionnaire among 18 to 25 - year - olds to find out what age they started their period , how often they had periods , what contraception they used , and whether they had children or had any conditions such as endometriosis or fibroids .
The students were also asked what type of exercise they did and how often as well as other general lifestyle questions .
Responses showed that 72 % had no or very little period pain but 28 % had moderate to severe pain with their monthly cycle .
After taking into account mood , ethnicity , weight , smoking , and use of the contraceptive pill , they found no link with how much exercise a woman did and whether she suffered from period pain , or how bad her pain was .
' Anecdotal beliefs '
Researcher , Dr Amanda Daley concluded that more research was needed before women are told that exercise will reduce of alleviate period pain .
" Anecdotal beliefs that exercise is an effective treatment have prevailed for many years and while it might seem intuitively appealing to promote exercise as a treatment for menstrual disorders , the findings from this study , along with many others , would not support such a view .
" Of course there are many other important health reasons for encouraging women to be physically active and exercise performed in moderation is unlikely to be harmful . "
Royal College of GPs chairman Professor Steve Field said women with period pain should do what works for them and exercise might make them feel better in general .
" It is a common problem and people usually self - medicate .
" Some exercise is good for you of course but the main treatment for period pain is the contraceptive pill . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A strip of paper infused with carbon nanotubes can quickly and inexpensively detect a toxin produced by algae in drinking water .
Engineers at the University of Michigan led the development of the new biosensor .
The paper strips perform 28 times faster than the complicated method most commonly used today to detect microcystin-LR , a chemical compound produced by cyanobacteria , or blue - green algae .
Cyanobacteria is commonly found on nutrient - rich waters .
Microcystin-LR ( MC - LR ) , even in very small quantities , is suspected to cause liver damage and possibly liver cancer .
The substance and others like it are among the leading causes of biological water pollution .
It is believed to be a culprit of mass poisonings going back to early human history , said Nicholas Kotov , a professor in the departments of Chemical Engineering , Biomedical Engineering and Materials Science and Engineering who led the project .
Water treatment plants -- even in developed countries -- can't always remove MC - LR completely , nor can they test for it often enough , Kotov said .
The biosensor he and his colleagues developed provides a quick , cheap , portable and sensitive test that could allow water treatment plants and individuals to verify the safety of water on a more regular basis .
" The safety of drinking water is a vital issue in many developing countries and in many parts of the United States , " Kotov said .
" We 've developed a simple and inexpensive technology to detect multiple toxins . "
The technology could easily be adapted to detect a variety harmful chemicals or toxins in water or food .
advertisement
A paper about the technique is published online in Nano Letters .
It will soon be available in the journal 's print edition .
The sensor works by measuring the electrical conductivity of the nanotubes in the paper .
Before the nanotubes are impregnated in the paper , they are mixed with antibodies for MC - LR .
When the paper strips come in contact with water contaminated with MC - LR , those antibodies squeeze in between the nanotubes to bond with the MC - LR .
This spreading apart of the nanotubes changes their electrical conductivity .
An external monitor measures the electrical conductivity .
The whole device is about the size of a home pregnancy test , Kotov said .
Results appear in fewer than 12 minutes .
To adapt the biosensor for other toxins , Kotov said , scientists could simply replace the antibodies that bond to the toxin .
This research was done in collaboration with the laboratory of professor Chuanlai Xu at Wuxi University in China .
It is funded by the National Science Foundation , the Air Force Office of Scientific Research , and the National Institutes of Health , as well as the National Science Foundation of China and the 11th Five Years Key Programs for Science and Technology Development of China .
The university is pursuing patent protection for the intellectual property , and is seeking commercialization partners to help bring the technology to market .
The following post is a guest post from James Evins– an automotive photographer from Houston .
Hi !
My name is James Evins , and I am going to talk to you guys ( and girls ) about a nifty way to build your own automotive rig !
Who does n’t love rig shots ?
The sense of motion achieved and the interesting angles that would be nearly impossible in a car to car or panning shot make automotive rigs an invaluable tool to automotive photographers .
Unfortunately , rig shots have been one of the bigger secrets of automotive photography in the last few years .
I assume a lot of photographers feel that their methods give them a definitive advantage over their peers .
Also , there are companies that will sell you and entire kit for twice as much as you ’d spend building it yourself – so why give the secret away ?
I ’ve always believed in the sharing of knowledge , as it makes us all stronger photographers .
This tutorial will show you how to build a DIY suction cup mounted automotive rig on a budget .
This is not necessarily the best way to do it , and there are many other methods .
I feel this tutorial was very important , though , because it is easy enough for the average photographer and wo n’t put too much of a dent in your wallet !
Getting The Parts
The basics of a suction cup mounted rig are as follows :
The concept is simple .
You have a few sections of pipe to use as a boom , couplers to hold them together , two suction cups to attach to the car , three clamps to attach the suction cups and the magic arm , and a magic arm to allow more flexibility in positioning the camera .
Let me show you the parts in more detail .
Here are the cups and the clamps attached to them .
The clamps bolt down onto the studs coming from the cups .
If you notice , the cups have a small blue extension – this is where you pump them up .
You pump until the red line is gone , if it shows up again it means suction is limited , pump some more .
The cups are Avenger F1000s , and the clamps are Manfrotto Super Clamps .
These can all be purchased of Adorama or B&H .
Next is the piping , as well as the clamps & cups .
The piping is the only “ custom ” part of the rig .
You can use a lot of things .
I purchased electrical conduit piping , 1.5 ″ in diameter , and used the matching compression couplers .
I have three sections of around 5′ feet .
This can be found in Lowes or Home Depot ( or similar hardware supply store ) .
( Note : there are better boom options out there , this is the best option that is immediately available .
Otherwise you ’ll want to go shop your local metal supply yard for certain piping )
Here is the magic arm .
It ’s pretty simple .
The clamps shown on the cups ?
Use one of them here , and attach to the stud on the magic arm .
Attach magic arm to camera .
This can also be replaced by a tripod head , which you could drill the pipe and attach , that would be sturdy as well .
I forgot one thing you need !
A friend to push !
Just get a smart one that knows how to get out of the wa ;)
Building & Mounting The Rig Assembly
Alright , so I ’ve showed you what parts you need – so what about actually getting the shot ?
Well , the basics of it are simple – attach the cups to the car , roll the car , take a photo while it ’s moving .
I ’ll go over some of the specifics below .
First of all , attach two super clamps to the end of your cups and then one to the end of the magic arm .
The cups should be arranged on the car and positioned .
Remember to put as much distance as you can between camera and car so that you do n’t have to shoot at the widest angle possible – this helps avoid distortion .
You want to find sturdy , flat sections to attach the cups .
Try putting the cups close to the edges of the body panels where they are most sturdy , not directly in the center where they have less support .
If you are n’t careful , you can dent or flex a panel and possibly crack the paint .
Remember to always use the covers on your cups when you are n’t using them .
I clean the surface with spray on glass cleaner before I apply it .
These cups can leave small pressure rings on paint , and if any dirt is on the cup you can cause deep scratches so be extra careful .
Warn the owner of the car that a slight buffing may be needed afterwards .
Never apply to a freshly painted surface .
If you have it available , the spray on clear bra can help prevent many issues with paint damage if you apply it before you apply the cups !
Next , you ’ll want to pump your cups up until they grip and the red line is no longer visible .
Now you can apply your pipes to the clamps .
Tighten every knob on the cup and clamp , and give it a firm tug to make sure everything is sturdy .
Now you can attach your sections of pipe using the compression couplers mentioned .
Attach the magic arm to the end of the pipe via the super clamp .
Position the camera and set it to shutter priority mode , or manual mode .
Attach your wireless shutter trigger or set the camera to timed shutter release .
Now you ’re ready to take the shot !
Its time to push !
When pushing the car , you ’ll want to move very slowly .
The slower the better , to prevent camera shake .
Make sure the engine is off , and if possible lock the steering wheel in place to keep it from moving .
Taking The Shot
The technique to taking the shot is to take a long enough exposure to show a sense of motion while still showing detail in the background .
This is really up to you and your own preference – try a few at a slower shutter , and try a few at a longer shutter .
You may need to use a neutral density filter to get the exposure times you need – the fastest shutter speed I ’d recommend is 1.5 seconds .
I ’ve done as long as 20 second exposures .
Set the timer or use your wireless remote , and slowly push the car and take the photo .
You may want to take a static shot first so you have a sharp image of the body of the car you can merge and blend into your moving shot if it does n’t come out as sharp as you desire .
Post Processing
Notice you do n’t see the rig on any of the car shots .
You will need to post process the rig away .
As far as the post processing goes , it takes a little creativity – practice with your clone tool !
Remember , use the biggest and softest brush you can get away with .
Practice makes perfect , and never rush the job !
Thanks for reading my quick tutorial – there is much more to really soak in when it comes to taking a rig shot , but the best way to figure it out is to get out and try yourself !
Check out more cool car photography by James .
On his own terms , President Obama is a failure .
During the presidential campaign , he fought hammer and tongs with Hillary Rodham Clinton on the best way to govern .
Clinton , casting herself as a battle - scarred political veteran , argued that diligence , dedicated detail work and working the system were essential for success .
Obama , donning the mantle of a redeemer descending from divine heights , argued that his soaring rhetoric was more than “ just words ” but a way out of the poisonous , partisan gridlock of yesteryear .
Early on in New Hampshire , he proclaimed that his “ rival in this race is not other candidates .
It ’s cynicism . ”
Occasionally the Obama - Clinton argument was explicit -- such as when they sparred over who was more important to the Civil Rights Act , Martin Luther King Jr. or Lyndon Johnson -- but it was always there , implicit in everything from their body language and stagecraft to position papers and platforms .
Advertisement
The great irony of it all is that it seems they were both wrong .
Obama ’s rhetoric in fact looks to be the best way to achieve a Clintonian agenda .
But a Clintonian agenda is the worst possible way to live up to Obama ’s rhetoric .
From his 2004 keynote speech onward , Obama rejected the partisan divide .
He earned points by insisting that invidious descriptions of political opponents were deleterious to civic health and distracted us from the fact that “ we are one people , all of us pledging allegiance to the stars and stripes , all of us defending the United States of America . ”
In a June primary victory speech , Obama said he was “ absolutely certain that generations from now , we will be able to look back and tell our children . . . this was the moment -- this was the time -- when we came together to remake this great nation . ”
Advertisement
So , does anyone feel like Americans are coming together ?
Obama the outsider has n’t changed the way Washington works ; he ’s worked Washington in a way that only an outsider with no respect for the place would dare .
Consider his signature domestic priority : healthcare reform .
After a year of working on it , his progressive base is either profoundly disappointed with him or seethingly angry .
His Republican and conservative opponents are not only furious , they are emboldened .
And independents -- who ’ve been deserting the Democrats in polls and off - year elections -- are simply disgusted with the whole spectacle .
Most important , an administration that once preened over its people - power roots , ca n’t even claim that Americans like what he ’s doing .
The bill does have its supporters : inside - the - Beltway pundits and Capitol Hill deal - makers , the pharmaceutical industry and the supposedly rapacious insurance companies ( do n’t take my word for it , just ask Howard Dean -- or your stockbroker ) .
Advertisement
Under the Clintonian paradigm of governance , Nebraska Democrat Ben Nelson ’s parlaying of his pro-life objections to the Senate bill into a windfall for his state and Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders ’ leveraging of his socialist principles for billions in special deals would be dramatic twists in a conventional story of LBJ - style arm - twisting .
But Clintonian means cannot further Obamaian ends .
For the last year Obama ’s party has made a mockery of everything Obama was supposed to represent .
The tone has gotten worse as his communications staff spent the year demonizing Rush Limbaugh , Glenn Beck and Fox News .
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi and Majority Leader Steny Hoyer called opponents of their health proposals “ un-American . ”
Just over the weekend , Rhode Island ’s Sheldon Whitehouse insisted that Senate opposition is being driven , in part , by “ Aryan support groups . ”
Everywhere you look , the sizzle does n’t match the steak .
He won the Nobel Peace Prize as he ( rightly ) sent even more men off to war .
He promised the oceans would stop rising but delivered a nonbinding something - or - other in Copenhagen .
In his special healthcare address to Congress in September , he said , “ I am not the first president to take up [ the cause of healthcare reform ] , but I am determined to be the last . ”
Those were just words , and everyone , including Obama , knew it .
Indeed , the only grounds for supporting the bill , according to progressives , is that it is a “ first step ” or a “ starter house ” that they ’ll build on for years , even generations , to come .
In other words , the healthcare debate is not only not going to end , it ’s going to get uglier for as far as the eye can see .
Advertisement
But here ’s the point : Obama ’s rhetorical audacity breeds cynicism , because utopianism always comes up short .
Obama has many victories ahead of him , but his cause is already lost .
jgoldberg@latimescolumnists.com
The volcanic eruptions thought responsible for Earth 's largest mass extinction -- which killed more than 70 percent of plants and animals 250 million years ago -- is still taking lives today .
That 's the conclusion of a new study showing , for the first time , that the high silica content of coal in one region of China may be interacting with volatile substances in the coal to cause unusually high rates of lung cancer .
The study , which helps solve this cancer mystery , appears in ACS ' Environmental Science & Technology .
David Large and colleagues note that parts of China 's Xuan Wei County in Yunnan Province have the world 's highest incidence of lung cancer in nonsmoking women -- 20 times higher than the rest of China .
Women in the region heat their homes and cook on open coal - burning stoves that are not vented to the outside .
Scientists believe that indoor emissions from burning coal cause cancer , but are unclear why the lung cancer rates in this region are so much higher than other areas .
Earlier studies show a strong link between certain volatile substances , called PAHs , in coal smoke and lung cancer in the region .
The scientists found that coal used in parts of Xuan Wei County had about 10 times more silica , a suspected carcinogen , than U.S. coal .
Silica may work in conjunction with PAHs to make the coal more carcinogenic , they indicate .
The scientists also found that this high - silica coal was formed 250 million years ago , at a time when massive volcanic eruptions worked to deposit silica in the peat that formed Xuan Wei 's coal .
Mega mushroom expands in Oregon forest
by David Johnson
This article was posted on December 7 , 2000 .
What is probably the largest living organism on earth has been discovered in the Malheur National Forest in eastern Oregon .
A fungus living three feet underground is estimated to cover 2,200 acres .
After testing samples from various locations , scientists say it is all one organism .
One Thousand Football Fields
Officially known as Armillaria ostoyae , or the honey mushroom , the fungus is 3.5 miles across and takes up 1,665 football fields .
The small mushrooms visible above ground are only the tip of the iceberg .
Experts estimate that the giant mushroom is at least 2,400 years old , but could be 7,200 years old .
Previously , the world 's largest organism was another Armillaria ostoyae , which covers a mere 1,500 acres near Mt. Adams in Washington state .
A Web of Tentacles
Scientists became interested in that section of forest when trees began to die .
The honey mushroom uses tentacles , called rhizomorphs , to take water and nutrients from roots , killing trees .
The process benefits the ecosystem by creating clearings where new plants grow .
Animals , such as woodpeckers , live in the dead tree trunks .
Mushrooms also recycle nutrients
Dry Climate Helps
The dry climate of eastern Oregon discourages competition from new growth , leaving space for mushrooms already established .
Genetically Closer to People
In other research , scientists have determined that fungi are more closely related to human beings and animals than to other plants .
Moreover , while humans and most species are divided into only two sexes , mushrooms contain over 36,000 sexes .
United Airlines Flight 223 was diverted to Denver International Airport this afternoon after a passenger attempted to open an exterior door in mid-air .
Just after 5 p.m. , the plane landed safely at DIA .
The plane had been traveling from Washington Dulles International Airport to Las Vegas , according to DIA spokesman Jeff Green .
“ It ’s virtually impossible to open an exterior door while in flight , ” Green said .
The disturbance began around 4:45 p.m. , Charlie Hobart , United spokesman said .
United is cooperating with authorities , who were waiting for the suspect at the gate , Hobart said .
The man had consumed alcohol before and during the flight , Kathy Wright FBI spokeswoman said .
After questioning at DIA the suspect was sent for a medical evaluation .
Next week investigators will determine whether charges will be filed .
“ Instances like these usually involve some type of interference with the fight crew , which is a felony , ” Wright said .
Recently by Peter Schiff : Obama ’s Bank Plan Is ‘ DoomedtoFailure ’
In this week ’s much anticipated State of the Union address , President Obama again demonstrated his poor understanding of the fundamental problems that confront our nation .
By following the advice of the same people who helped guide our economy to the precipice of total collapse , Obama now threatens to push it over the edge .
End the Fed Ron Paul Best Price : $ 1.12 Buy New $ 8.53 ( as of 10:10 EST - Details )
Notwithstanding his well crafted lip service regarding future spending restraint , the essence of his current program is for more government spending and larger deficits .
For all his talk about job creation , his policies will further burden those who might otherwise create those jobs with higher taxes and more regulation .
While he did call for tax cuts for the middle class and offered what amounts to bailouts for those struggling to repay student loans , such cuts do nothing to promote growth in the near term and will add to the deficits in the long term .
The President spoke optimistically about the future , but in reality there is little evidence to support such an upbeat outlook .
He began his speech by assuring us that the worst of the storm had passed .
General Custer may have said something similar when the first wave of Indian attacks ebbed at Little Big Horn .
While Obama did have some harsh words for Wall Street ( not exactly a courageous political stance ) , he leveled no criticism at the Federal Reserve or other government agencies that had financed and guaranteed all the ridiculous real estate speculation that precipitated the crash .
And while he at least conceded that the prosperity of the last decade was based on illusions , he continued to endorse the very policies that produced the mirage in the first place .
Crash Proof 2.0 : How t... Peter D. Schiff Best Price : $ 1.50 Buy New $ 3.97 ( as of 10:46 EST - Details )
To lead us back to brighter days , he articulated a vision of a centrally planned recovery , where clean energy and a Soviet style five - year plan to double our exports would make our economy preeminent once more .
He fails to understand that the only reason our economy rose to the top in the first place is that the government left it alone .
The Modern Survival Ma ... Fernando " Ferfal " Aguirre Best Price : $ 3.91 Buy New $ 14.95 ( as of 08:25 EST - Details )
In the words of the Spanish philosopher George Santayana , " Those who can not learn from history are doomed to repeat it . "
Since our President cannot even learn from the mistakes of his immediate predecessor , to say nothing of those he made himself while in the Senate or during his first year as president , we are surely doomed to repeat them , perhaps more quickly than Santayana could have imagined .
Rather than tightening the reins on the reckless monetary policy that undermined our savings , diminished our industrial output , inflated asset bubbles , and led to reckless speculation on Wall Street and excess consumption on Main Street , we are loosing them further .
Rather than repealing regulations that distort markets and create moral hazards , we are adding new ones that do more of the same .
Rather than cutting government spending to reduce the burden it places on our economy , we are increasing both the amount of the spending and the size of the burden .
Rather than making government smaller so that the private sector can grow , we are making government bigger and forcing the private sector to shrink .
Rather than paying off our debts we are taking on even more .
Rather than encouraging people to save we are enticing them to spend .
Rather than creating jobs , we are merely creating unemployment benefits .
As a result , instead of seeding the soil for a real recovery we are setting the stage for a prolonged depression .
The Best of Peter Schiff
You might actually want your flight to be delayed if it 's flying out of Hong Kong International .
Waiting for flights , especially delayed flights , can be a very boring activity .
Playing Nintendo DS or Sony PSP can help pass the time , but these handhelds just do n't compare to the next - gen experience of the PlayStation 3 .
What if you could enjoy some Uncharted 2 action while hoping that your connecting flight to Shanghai will still hit the skies despite unfavorable weather ?
Shockingly , as is the point of this article , now you can .
Hong Kong International Airport has installed PlayStation 3 " Game Poles " in various locations and terminals .
These are full out PS3 kiosks similar to what you might find at your local evil corporate videogame store .
Playing a Game Pole is free too , making Hong Kong 's Airport Authority look even more like heroes of the travel industry .
They might be deployed as part of an advertising campaign , as Hong Kong International Airport has the fourth - highest international passenger volume according to a 2008 survey , and people tend to hang around waiting for flights for about four hours on average .
Even with only 14 PS3s available , that would still make for a lot of exposure .
The software available on these Game Poles surprisingly does n't suck .
They feature the best of the Tokyo Game Show 2009 : Final Fantasy XIII , Uncharted 2 , Assassin 's Creed 2 , and Avatar : The Game .
What HKIA needs to incorporate is a reminder system , where passengers can input their departing flights and times , otherwise it 's almost assured that at least one obsessive gamer would miss a flight because he / she had to beat just one more mission .
Airlines will not refund your ticket price if you walk up to them saying : " Sh*t , I was playing PS3 . "
Source : MoodieReport via Kotaku .
USAF Photo
Correction to this article
THE Perseus , a 900kg ( 2,000 lb ) bomb made in Greece , incinerates almost everything in an area larger than a dozen football fields .
Farther out , oxygen is sucked from the air and people may be crushed by a pressure wave .
The inferno is similar to that caused by napalm — a jellied - petrol explosive heavily restricted by a United Nations weapons convention .
Modified with new technologies , however , the Perseus is increasingly considered legitimate .
Mark Hiznay , a bombs - control expert at Human Rights Watch , a humanitarian group based in New York , has gone so far as to say it has become a necessary weapon .
With a stronger steel casing and backup shock - resistant triggering mechanisms , the Perseus can smash through several metres of reinforced concrete and detonate only after it has gone into a bunker .
This makes the bomb a good way to destroy and sterilise germ - and chemical - warfare laboratories while limiting damage nearby , says Mr Hiznay .
A new generation of advanced ordnance , including the Perseus , is making bombing campaigns safer for civilians .
During the first Gulf war , in 1991 , American warplanes had to drop an average of six 450 kg satellite - guided bombs to destroy a tank or a small building .
During the second war , 12 years later , a similar attack required bombs half that size , and fewer of them .
Today 100kg bombs would suffice , because guidance systems are so good that individual rooms , as opposed to entire buildings , can be aimed at .
Greek fire
Much of this revolution , as Mr Hiznay terms it , is due to guidance kits that can be attached to existing “ dumb ” bombs .
An upgraded bomb , when falling , uses data from the global - positioning system in combination with laser and infra-red sensors to adjust a set of fins that work like aeroplane flaps .
This steers the bomb towards its target — even if that target is moving .
The AASM , a French navy and air - force guidance system , has fins that can guide and glide bombs for 50 km ( 31 miles ) and hit a target within a metre of the bullseye .
The LJDAM , a system made by Boeing and first exported in 2008 , can land a bomb on a vehicle that is travelling at 110 kph .
The market for add - on guidance systems is booming .
More than a dozen countries , including South Africa , make them .
Two dozen — including India , Pakistan and Turkey — buy them .
They are not cheap : $ 23,000 per bomb will get you one at the bottom of the range .
It is not just a more effective weapon , but also a safer one for the bomber .
He can fly higher , meaning that he is at less risk from ground fire .
Moreover , these bombs continue to be clever even after arriving at the target .
Their fuses can set off explosions at precisely the right moment .
One defence contractor , Israel Military Industries , makes a 225 kg bomb , the MPR - 500 , that can hammer through several storeys of a building and explode on a chosen floor .
This feat means triggering the detonation about two milliseconds after the bomb hits the ceiling above the doomed storey .
The bomb can be programmed to do this just seconds before it is dropped .
Such precision means it is sold as a replacement for ordnance two or more times its size .
Bomb - makers are also finding cleverer ways of destroying deeply buried bunkers .
Almost five years ago , America 's Congress cut research funding for a controversial bunker - busting nuke called the Robust Nuclear Earth Penetrator .
Today the bulk of effort to develop bunker - smashers in Western countries employs conventional weaponry .
In a classic attack , a succession of big bombs is dropped on the same spot .
Such “ drilling ” , however , may require numerous warplanes and inflict great damage on the surrounding area .
Souping up bombs with rockets that speed up their impact might provide an alternative .
Bunker - busters work best if they detonate after burrowing into the ground .
This helps “ couple ” the explosion to the ground so that shock waves designed to collapse a bunker travel deeper .
Israel Military Industries is studying a rocket that would ignite just before the bomb hit , digging it deeper than ever before exploding .
That , according to Meir Geva , head of aerial munitions at Israel Military Industries , can be very deep indeed .
His firm makes a bunker - buster which weighs about as much as a small car .
“ To my great sorrow ” , Mr Geva says , its shockwave ranges cannot be revealed .
Whatever the bunker - buster 's destructive power , the next generation of bombs will dwarf it .
The Massive Ordnance Penetrator , an American bunker - buster scheduled for deployment at the end of the year , weighs 15 times as much .
On April 2nd 2003 , during the second Gulf war , a hundred or so Iraqi armoured vehicles approached a far smaller American reconnaissance unit south of Baghdad .
Responding to a call for help , a B - 52 bomber attacked the first 30 or so vehicles in the column with a single , historic pass .
It dropped two new CBU - 105 bombs , and the result shocked the soldiers of both sides — and , soon enough , military observers everywhere .
While falling , the CBU - 105 bombs popped open , each releasing ten submunitions which were slowed by parachutes .
Each of these used mini rockets to spin and eject outward four discs the size of ice - hockey pucks .
The 80 free - falling discs from the pair of bombs then scanned the ground with lasers and heat - detecting infra-red sensors to locate armoured vehicles .
Those discs that identified a target exploded dozens of metres up .
The blast propelled a tangerine - sized slug of copper down into the target , destroying it with the impact and the accompanying shrapnel .
The soldiers in the 70 vehicles farther back in the column surrendered immediately .
A kinder , gentler future
The CBU - 105 , however frightening , may actually point the way toward less violent warfare .
Cluster munitions — which release bomblets to cover a wide area — are banned or tightly restricted by an international convention .
But the CBU - 105 and its cousins , known as sensor - fused weapons , are considered legal because very few discs remain unexploded on the battlefield .
Those that fail to detect a target are supposed to self - destruct in the air .
The trigger batteries of those that do not will quickly die , so duds are unlikely to kill civilians later .
Crucially , the manufacturer of the CBU - 105 , Textron Defense Systems , of Wilmington , Massachusetts , is improving sensors to allow the weapon to distinguish the heat signatures of cars , buses and homes from those of military hardware .
If there is such a thing as a humanitarian bomb , this might be it .
By contrast , consider another sort of new weapon .
The explosion of Russia 's “ Father of All Bombs ” approaches that of a small nuclear weapon ; it would flatten many city blocks .
In 2007 , the government showed it off proudly on prime - time television .
To most military men , such a bomb is not a PR coup , but an embarrassment .
The Kindle game is up , and Amazon knows it .
In 2010 , the world plus dog will be hawking an E - Ink - based e-reader , and major distribution and publishing houses like Barnes & Noble , Google , and Hearst will be offering their digital content on everything with a screen .
That 's why Amazon gave up some royalty money to e-book publishers on Wednesday , and announced a SDK and app store for the Kindle on Thursday .
The former move makes the Kindle Store more attractive to publishers , who will soon have plenty of options for putting their content on e-readers , E - Ink or otherwise .
And the latter move will keep the Kindle e-reader fresh and attractive long after Amazon joins Apple at Wednesday 's iSlate launch to announce that the Kindle Store is coming to Apple 's new tablet , and to every other smartphone and tablet on the market .
Forget about Amazon launching its own tablet — this year , the Kindle Store will be everywhere .
The Kindle hardware gets an SDK and a fighting chance
" Amazon announced that it is inviting software developers to build and upload active content that will be available in the Kindle Store later this year , " the company said in a press release on Thursday .
" The new Kindle Development Kit gives developers access to programming interfaces , tools and documentation to build active content for Kindle . "
As examples of " active content , " Amazon mentions word games , restaurant guides , and puzzles .
EA Mobile , the division of Electronic Arts that does games for smartphones , is jumping on - board , but it 's not clear what they have in mind for the platform .
( " You 're in a maze of twisty passages , all alike " ? )
The fact that EA Mobile is involved has led some to speculate that Amazon will announce a non-E - Ink - based , tablet - style device that can accomodate video and will compete with Apple 's upcoming iSlate .
Specifically , the WSJ report on the announcement includes speculation from a Forrester analyst that Amazon is readying an iSlate competitor .
This is extremely unlikely for two reasons : 1 ) an Amazon - branded media tablet would be just one of a number of Wi-Fi-only tablets that are launching this year , and 2 ) Barnes & Noble 's e-book store will be on everything with a screen by the end of the year , so Amazon will end up following suit by rolling out the Kindle store to all of the aforementioned tablets , including Apple 's iSlate .
But before I elaborate , let 's be clear on one thing : the Kindle Developer Kit announcement is quite explicit that Amazon is planning app store for the existing Kindle :
The Kindle Development Kit enables developers to build active content that leverages Kindle 's unique combination of seamless and invisible 3G wireless delivery over Amazon Whispernet , high - resolution electronic paper display that looks and reads like real paper , and long battery life of seven days with wireless activated .
So at some point soon , the Kindle will get apps that are designed specifically for the existing , E - Ink - based hardware .
And the Kindle is just the first such E - Ink device to get an app store .
There will be others , because the hardware race that 's going on in e-reader application processors will ensure that there 's plenty of computing horsepower to push the software on these devices quite a bit further .
An Amazon tablet would be a me - too , Wi-Fi-only device
Before talking about why Amazon will launch an iSlate Kindle Store , let 's talk about why they wo n't put out a competing tablet of their own .
When the Kindle launched , a huge part of its success was that you do n't have to sign a wireless service contract with it .
Whispernet 's bandwidth is pre-paid and all - you - can -eat .
This pricing model will continue to work on the current Kindle even after it gets an app store , because the E - Ink display 's combination of low resolution and glacial refresh rate ensures that the bandwidth load that any app can put on Whispernet will remain very low .
Sprint and Amazon have no worries that Kindle games will suck up Whispernet bandwidth , because the display essentially acts as a giant bandwidth bottleneck .
So Whispernet 's all - you - can - eat model is safe .
This would not be true of an Amazon - branded tablet .
An Amazon media tablet would have to either rely on Wi-Fi , or come with a more traditional 3G service bundle that would severely limit its appeal .
And given that it would be a media device , the price of 3G bandwidth for it would be high .
So , an Amazon tablet would be yet another large - screen , Wi-Fi-based , portable media player , of the type that everyone and their uncle is bringing to market this year .
And unless Amazon has a skunkworks tablet OS project that can compete with whatever Apple will put on the iSlate , the company will be stuck using a Linux or Windows flavor , just like all of the other tablet vendors ( e.g. , HP , Dell , and Lenovo on Windows 7 , or any number of Chinese OEMs on Android ) who have established hardware brands and way more experience in tweaking existing software to make an integrated device .
The only way to differentiate such an otherwise generic tablet would be for Amazon to make it the exclusive platform for the Kindle Store .
The reason that such a thing wo n't happen brings me to my next point .
B&N and Google Books are on everything , so Amazon will follow
At CES , every random E - Ink reader company had a big sign up advertising that Barnes & Noble and Google Books are available on their platform .
Hearst is doing a similar thing with its Skiff project , where the Skiff - branded reader will be but one way to access Skiff content .
These media powerhouses will be joined by an army of small , " social publishing " startups like Scribd , FastPencil , Copia , etc. , all of whom want their content store to be on as many platforms as possible .
As the company 's somewhat rudimentary iPhone Kindle app shows , Amazon will eventually put its Kindle store on everything with a screen .
Either that , or Amazon will be left hawking a me - too tablet to a customer base that is migrating to Barnes & Noble and other distributors and publishers .
Given that Amazon just bought e-book reader software maker Lexcycle , it 's much more likely that the company plans to put the coders to work on bringing the Kindle Store to many different smartphones and tablets that it is that they 'll launch their own tablet .
The end result is that this Kindle Developer Kit announcement is way to keep the Kindle hardware fresh and relevant while Amazon pursues opportunities in the media tablet market that will take off this year .
The only way that Amazon does n't end up on iSlate is if Apple locks them out so that it can have the content market on the device all to itself .
That 's within the realm of possibility , but Amazon will still put the Kindle Store on competing Windows 7 and Linux tablets , better enabling the latter to compete against Apple .
Ultimately , the Kindle has done its job for Amazon , so it 's time to move on .
E - Ink is no longer the novelty it once was , and publishers are looking to reach as many devices with their content as possible .
Amazon 's recent decision to give up more Kindle revenue to publishers is a recognition of the fact that its vise grip on them is now broken .
In 2010 , publishers have alternatives , and Amazon 's Kindle platform , as huge and important as it was , is no longer calling the shots .
Ivan
Level 10
alright , let 's see what we can see
Owl CountryLevel 10 alright , let 's see what we can see Re : Bitworld « Reply # 5 on : December 07 , 2009 , 10:16:20 PM »
what do you think of this setup ?
what do you think of this setup ?
Logged http://polycode.org/
-
Free , cross-platform , open - source engine .
Blaizer
Level 1 Re : Bitworld « Reply # 6 on : December 07 , 2009 , 10:19:49 PM
» Sexy .
Also , the walls look a little low .
Like they 're at head - height to the character .
And what are you using to make this ??
Logged
Ivan
Level 10
alright , let 's see what we can see
Owl CountryLevel 10 alright , let 's see what we can see Re : Bitworld « Reply # 7 on : December 07 , 2009 , 10:35:26 PM »
And I 'm using my own unity - like engine
The walls are low cause i do n't want to make the camera rotatable , so you 'll have to be able to see yourself behind them .
And it 's more true to Oddball 's original 2d mockup .
And I 'm using my own unity - like engine Logged http://polycode.org/
-
Free , cross-platform , open - source engine .
Zaphos Guest
Re : Bitworld « Reply # 8 on : December 07 , 2009 , 10:39:48 PM
» Sweet , I love this 2.5d style !
Also , does this mean substance is almost ready for prime time ?
Looking forward to seeing a new version !
Logged
Ivan
Level 10
alright , let 's see what we can see
Owl CountryLevel 10 alright , let 's see what we can see Re : Bitworld « Reply # 9 on : December 07 , 2009 , 10:41:56 PM » Oh , it 's ready , baby !
Just polishing off the last of the bugs as I work on this .
Logged http://polycode.org/
-
Free , cross-platform , open - source engine .
Ivan
Level 10
alright , let 's see what we can see
Owl CountryLevel 10 alright , let 's see what we can see Re : Bitworld « Reply # 10 on : December 07 , 2009 , 11:43:03 PM »
Added Rynen10 K 's font in to the HUD Logged http://polycode.org/
-
Free , cross-platform , open - source engine .
deadeye
Level 10
First Manbaby HomeLevel 10 Re : Bitworld « Reply # 11 on : December 08 , 2009 , 12:19:39 AM
» verynice verynice Logged tweet tweet @j_younger
Ivan
Level 10
alright , let 's see what we can see
Owl CountryLevel 10 alright , let 's see what we can see Re : Bitworld « Reply # 13 on : December 08 , 2009 , 02:33:33 AM » Quote from : malec2b on December 08 , 2009 , 12:22:27 AM
Ooh , looks nice !
Is this still going to be turn based like standard roguelikes or real time ?
Realtime !
With hilarious procedural walking animations
Also , switched over to vertex lighting from per-pixel .
You can hardly tell the difference though , which is a shame , I was hoping for it to look suddenly more old school .
Oh well .
Realtime !
With hilarious procedural walking animationsAlso , switched over to vertex lighting from per-pixel .
You can hardly tell the difference though , which is a shame , I was hoping for it to look suddenly more old school .
Oh well .
Logged http://polycode.org/
-
Free , cross-platform , open - source engine .
Oddball
David Williamson
Level 10 David Williamson Re : Bitworld « Reply # 14 on : December 08 , 2009 , 02:41:57 AM
»
[ off topic ]
What is substance ?
Where can I find out more ? [ / off topic ]
This is a great idea .
Ca n't wait to see what else you have planned .[ off topic ]
What is substance ?
Where can I find out more ? [ / off topic ]
Logged Hack , Slash , Loot
moi
DILF SANTA
Level 10DILF SANTA Re : Bitworld « Reply # 16 on : December 08 , 2009 , 04:38:18 AM
» Very very nice , but I 'm not too fond of the texture on the walls Logged subsystems subsystems subsystems
Hideous
Level 10
3D models are the best
That 's cool .
Level 103D models are the best Re : Bitworld « Reply # 17 on : December 08 , 2009 , 06:23:29 AM
» Same , looks absolutely awesome , but I dislike that texture .
On another note , you planning to use any of the 3D assets submitted , or are you just going to stuff in the 2D stuff instead ?
:D Logged http://hideou.se/
Quirin Schiermeier has an article in Nature on the uncertainties in climate science , which will interest many readers .
It tends to reiterate lines of argument that are familiar to anyone who has followed the pronouncements of the Hockey Team in recent years .
This is hardly surprising when one looks at who he chose to interview - Gavin Schmidt , Jonathan Overpeck , Gabriele Hegerl , Susan Solomon , Hans von Storch , and an economist called Leonard Smith .
Not a sceptic among them and four of them being Hockey Team members .
There are many points of interest .
For example , Schiermeier claims that the divergence problem is restricted to " a few northern hemisphere sites " , directly contradicting Keith Briffa who has referred to it as " a widespread problem " in the NH .
Schiermeier also tries to defend the Nature " trick " , although perhaps without quite the certainty that Jones ' defenders have had in the past .
" It could have been done better " , seems to be the current preferred line for those who would try to justify hiding things from politicians .
Want a bank loan ?
Get yourself more Facebook friends — but make sure they pay their bills on time .
Banks are beginning to look at user accounts on Facebook , Twitter and other social networking sites to determine if an applicant is loan - worthy , raising privacy concerns as well as questions over whether a person ’s online friends , likes and dislikes can actually measure their financial stability .
ADVERTISEMENT
Everything a person does publicly on their social - networking accounts can be found by market researchers if the user ’s privacy settings allow it .
Researchers are now looking at a person ’s online conversations , the groups they join , products they look at and even who their friends are to determine loan - worthiness .
“ The presumption is that if your friends are responsible credit cardholders and pay their bills on time , you could be a good credit customer , ” reports WTOP News in Washington , DC .
“ Lenders say having a wide network of friends can expedite getting a loan , while discrepancies between your loan application and your Facebook wall information can raise red flags .
Negative comments about your business also can impact your creditworthiness , ” WTOP reports .
At the forefront of this effort is a California - based startup called Rapleaf , which specializes in “ provid[ing ] social data about a company ’s audience , ” the company ’s Web site states .
According to a report at CreditCards.com , Rapleaf turns “ conversations you have in your network into consumer profiles called social graphs .
These graphs provide companies with insight into behavior patterns : what you like and dislike , want and do n’t want , do well and do poorly . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Pretty much everything you and your network reveal may be compiled , including status updates , “ tweets , ” joining online clubs , linking a Web site or posting a comment on a blog or news Web site .
Joel Jewitt , a Rapleaf vice - president , told CreditCards.com that he sees a trend away from the traditional use of general demographic data — age , gender , address — to the use of specific data culled from the Internet .
CONSERVATIVE CONNECTIONS
Rapleaf ’s founder and CEO is Auren Hoffman , a prolific Silicon Valley entrepreneur who in 2001 co-founded Lead21 , a conservative business advocacy group with links to the Republican Party , particularly to Arnold Schwarzenegger ’s administration in California .
He writes an occasional column for the Huffington Post .
ADVERTISEMENT
Hoffman gave a clear indication of how he views the value of social media to banks in a Tweet last fall : “ If you do n’t know what your customers are doing online , then you do n’t know your customers . ”
One of Rapleaf ’s initial bankrollers was John Thiel , the founder of PayPal and an investor in Facebook .
Thiel was also involved in conservatives ’ efforts to fight the influence of community organizing group ACORN .
He reportedly donated money to John O’Keefe , the videographer who taped ACORN workers offering advice on how to operate a human smuggling and prostitution ring .
( In a lawsuit filed against O’Keefe , an ACORN worker has accused the filmmaker of entrapment . )
ADVERTISEMENT
BUT DOES IT WORK ?
Not everyone in the business community is jumping on the social - media bandwagon .
Aside from privacy concerns , some bankers see Facebook , Twitter and the like as irrelevant to lending decisions .
“ It ’s difficult to make a judgment about an individual ’s credit based on the people around them , ” Gregory Meyer , community relations manager for California ’s Meriwest Credit Union , told CreditCards.com .
Social media “ is a great way to keep up with what my 10 - year - old nephew is up to , but it does n’t have a place in the credit process . ”
Consumer advocates are more vocal in their opposition .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ It ’s rotten , ” says Linda Sherry of Consumer Action .
“ It ’s really not something they should be doing .
They may be gaining information from people who are naive and [ do n’t understand ] how their profiles are set .
It verges on privacy violation . ”
Privacy advocates have long been warning of the dangers of leaving online information exposed .
They suggest a number of steps to minimize exposure , including changing your privacy settings so that only people known to you can access your data , and eliminating online friendships that could reflect poorly on you .
BRUSSELS 
After months of anguished debate in the United States over how many new troops to send to Afghanistan , the numbers game switched to Europe on Friday , with NATO announcing that it planned to commit an additional 7,000 soldiers to the coalition in Afghanistan .
NATO portrayed the pledge as a powerful vote of support for the American - led effort .
But in Europe as in Washington , arithmetic on troops can get fuzzy .
Of the 7,000 troops promised by NATO , from 1,500 to 2,000 are already in Afghanistan , sent months ago to bolster security during the presidential election .
An undisclosed number of the new troops will steer clear of the fighting because they are barred by their countries from combat operations .
And two allies , the Netherlands and Canada , still plan to withdraw nearly 5,000 troops in the next two years , offsetting the infusion .
NATO ’s secretary general , Anders Fogh Rasmussen , declined to specify which countries would be sending troops , or when .
Nor did Germany and France seem to budge from their reluctance to commit any more soldiers .
Overloaded with debt and facing a yawning deficit , Athens is seeking to borrow 25 billion euros from Beijing .
What could be more symbolic of the new power of the East vis -à - vis the West ?
As the symbol of ancient democracy is looking for cash , the symbol of modern democracy , the United States , is already deeply in debt to the Middle Kingdom .
Indeed , in part it was the savings glut of Chinese reserves that helped inflate the mortgage bubble to the point of bursting .
While Communist leader Nikita Khruschev blustered at the height of the cold war that the Soviet Union would bury the US economically , it was up to Beijing to extend it enough credit to hang itself .
And that is not all .
Google , the very symbol of the information revolution , is locked in a standoff with China ’s Communist rulers and their murky party hackers .
And the trial run of China ’s new “ Harmony Express , ” the world ’s fastest train , took place at virtually the same time as the recent trial of human rights activist Liu Xiaobo .
While the Harmony Express streaked from Guangzhou to Wuhan in less than three hours , Liu Xiaobo was sentenced to 11 years in prison .
That a harshly ruled but prospering China is no longer emerging but has emerged is all the buzz at this year ’s conclave in Davos , Switzerland .
Hopefully , the high - powered buzz will yield a little more introspection in the West – and not just over bank regulation – instead of yet another round of excoriating the East .
Perhaps it is time to take another look at democracy as we know it , not just because of the economic success of authoritarian China , the very emblem of non-Western modernity , but because the West itself has changed .
In much of the West , especially in the US , we no longer live in an industrial democracy , no less the agriculture - based landed aristocracy in which most political systems and their constitutions were originally conceived .
We live in a consumer democracy .
In a consumer democracy , where the feedback signals from politics , the media , and the market all steer society toward immediate self gratification , there is scarce political capacity for the kind of long - term thinking , planning , and continuity of governance which has so far been responsible for China ’s rise .
When scarce political capacity and consumer democracy are joined with robust technological prowess , both the societal and generational impacts are amplified and extended well beyond the present moment and local environment .
( Think climate change , a perfect example of how seeming retail sanity of , say , driving a carbon - belching SUV , can add up to wholesale madness . )
This new reality requires the enhanced capacity of governance and the design of better institutional filters – more checks and balances – not only against rule by the short - term tyranny of the “ one man , one vote ” sovereign will , but against the nearest election term of the permanent campaign , the impending retail purchase , the quarterly report , and the imperative to “ monetize attention ” in the new media age by supplanting democratic deliberation with partisan programming and reality TV .
No system of governance can endure without the consent of the governed .
But as every political sage from Confucius to Plato to Madison understood , neither can it endure when overruled by popular “ appetites ” ( Plato ’s word ) .
As is often the case , the extreme reveals the essence .
Everyone can see that the experience of direct democracy in California , where the popular initiative reigns , has proven ruinous .
California ’s crisis reveals the delusions of a Diet - Coke civilization that wants sweetness without calories , consumption without savings , and modern infrastructure and good schools without taxes .
California ’s dysfunction is only a louder echo of American politics as a whole .
It is worthwhile in this context to aerate our assumptions in the West by examining the best practices of China , where the rulers retain a greater political capacity for governance .
While the entrepreneurial energies of the population have been unleashed through a free market , the strong hand of the neo-Confucian state tempers all those liberated interests in the name of social harmony and long - term goals .
As Google and Liu Xiaobo are well aware , China ’s system is , of course , marred in the opposite way of the West by the absence of personal liberty and free expression as well as the feeble rule of law and weak accountability of the authorities .
All too easily the strong hand can become the harsh fist of repression or the open palm of corruption .
As these two systems , which author and historian Niall Ferguson already calls “ Chimerica , ” interact with each other across the Pacific Basin – the new center of global gravity – their frictions and fusions will yield the opportunity to create something new : a philosophy of governance that balances the individual and the common interest , immediacy , and the long term ; a system that mitigates unmediated popular appetites without killing the dynamism of personal pursuit .
If the 20th century was about the competition between democracy and totalitarianism , the 21st century pits the excesses of consumer democracy against capable governance with too little democratic accountability .
Nathan Gardels is the editor in chief of NPQ and the Global Viewpoint Network of Tribune Media Services .
He is also a senior fellow at the Nicolas Berggruen Institute .
© 2010 Global Viewpoint Network .
Distributed by the Tribune Media Services .
Hosted online by The Christian Science Monitor .
---
Want to join the conversation ?
Find us on Facebook !
Food – food at home – $ 3,465 / year
Another $ 300 a month component of the average family budget comes from merely eating at home .
This does not include food eaten outside the home , nor does it include household cleaning supplies , toiletries , and other items that typically are bunched together in a family ’s budget ( since they ’re often purchased together ) .
I like cooking at home – in fact , I ’d go so far as to say I ’m passionate about it .
As a result , I often talk about cooking and food on The Simple Dollar , so for you regular readers , many of the tips below will seem old hat .
Five years ago , though , I rarely cooked at home at all .
I could barely fry an egg and most meals just seemed ridiculously hard .
Instead of putting out all that effort , I ’d just go out to eat – and that became an enormous money leak in my life .
Here are twelve big things you can do to reduce your food spending at home , regardless of whether you eat out a lot or if you eat primarily at home .
Cutting Down Your Grocery Budget
Learn how to cook at home
The actual ability to cook real food makes it much easier to simply make the choice to eat at home instead of eating out .
If you have difficulty boiling an egg , eating out seems like a vastly easier and less time - consuming choice .
It ’s not .
I recommend checking a copy of How to Cook Everything by Mark Bittman and just start at the beginning , trying everything suggested in there .
It ’s the closest thing I ’ve found to a “ teach yourself to cook at home ” book that does n’t overwhelm you in details right off the bat .
Make grocery lists
Keep a list on your refrigerator with a pen dangling from it .
The simple way to do it is to take two cheap fridge magnets , a notepad , a pen , and a piece of string , and homebrew it .
Just glue a magnet to the back of the pad and hang it up .
Then , glue one end of the string to the other magnet , tape the other end of the string to the pen , and hang up that magnet .
Whenever you notice something you need , write it down immediately .
Then , when you go to the grocery store , trust your list .
Buy only what ’s listed .
Do n’t wander aimlessly and buy a bunch of impulsive things .
Make a simple price book to determine which stores have the best prices
The easiest way to do this is to identify the fifteen to twenty - five most common things you buy at the grocery store , then shop at a bunch of different stores and compare the prices on these items .
The store with the lowest average price on the things you buy should be the store you shop at regularly .
I was surprised when I did this test myself , because I discovered that the store I thought was low priced was far from the least expensive option on the stuff I actually bought routinely .
Make a meal plan
Plan out what you ’ll eat a week in advance before you leave for the grocery store .
Know the next seven breakfasts , lunches , and dinners you ’ll have , then make sure you have all of the ingredients for them .
If you do n’t , add that ingredient to the shopping list ( it ’s right on your fridge , right ? ) .
Use your grocery store flyer
The grocery store flyer can be a great extension of the meal plan .
You can use the flyer to see what items are on sale that week – particularly the fresh produce .
Plan your meals for the upcoming week around these items .
This will reduce the average cost of each meal because the meals are centered around an ingredient or two you got at a deep discount .
Buy fewer convenience foods
I do n’t just mean frozen meals ( I ’ll get to those in a minute ) .
I ’m talking about things like pre-bagged lettuce and pre-cut apples .
If you actually sit down and compare the prices on such prepared foods , you ’re essentially paying $ 5 or so for about three minutes ’ worth of work .
Get some reusable containers , go home with the raw lettuce or apples , and do such things yourself .
Make more convenience foods
Instead of stopping each morning for breakfast , make your own breakfast burritos in advance and freeze them .
Instead of just buying a premade mediocre overpriced casserole , make your own casserole in advance and freeze it .
You can make your own convenience foods – and you ’ll find that they ’re both tastier and less expensive than the convenience foods you ’ll buy elsewhere .
Drink filtered tap water as your primary beverage
Water from the tap is the least expensive beverage available to you – take advantage of it .
Make it into your primary beverage throughout the day .
You do n’t have to give up whatever your favorite beverage might be – mine is vegetable juice , actually – but if you replace the majority of your intake with water , you ’ll reduce your spending , reduce your calorie intake , and view that drink you like so much as a treat rather than a mundane requirement .
Eat ( and enjoy ) leftovers
When you have food left over , do n’t just push it to the back of the fridge and forget about it .
Have leftovers for dinner once in a while – and make it more flavorful by amping up the spices in it .
Use leftovers as the basis for future meals , like transforming pot roast leftovers into a pie .
Even better ….
Brown bag your lunch
Take leftovers when you can .
Even if you can’t , a simple meal made at home and taken to work is far , far cheaper than going out with the gang .
Try doing it one or two days more a week than you do now and you ’ll be surprised to see how much money you can save .
Have potluck dinners with friends
Many people socialize by going out to dinner .
Why not do the same thing at home with home - cooked food and a much , much smaller bill ?
Start a series of potluck dinners with your friends by hosting the first one – make the main course and ask your friends to bring side dishes .
It can be a fun social engagement , plus it ’s a big money saver when it comes to food .
Appreciate ( and utilize ) the low - cost staples
I love beans .
They ’re incredibly inexpensive , very filling , and provide essential protein in your diet .
I use beans as often as I can in recipes .
Rice is another low - cost staple ( though not as low - cost as it once was ) that can provide an essential element to your meals .
Look in the produce section of your local store over time and note the ingredients that are very low - cost .
Seek to grow intimately familiar with how to make these items – and you ’ll find yourself saving a lot of money .
I want your help !
In the comments , please let me know which of the tips you find most useful for trimming these costs .
I ’ll include the top choices in a comprehensive budget trimming guide at the conclusion of the series .
‘ Let There Be MONEY ’
by Andrew P. Napolitano by Andrew P. Napolitano Recently by Andrew P. Napolitano : The Case Against Military Tribunals
The American International Group ( AIG ) announced today that it has finalized a deal that would in effect reduce the insurance company ’s debt to the Federal Reserve to the tune of $ 25 billion .
This is a clear example of how the Federal Reserve ( which is not possessive of a reserve of anything but its own unknown fantastic resources ) can create wealth out of thin air , and enrich itself by " lending " money .
The big picture here is that after numerous financial transactions involving AIG , JP Morgan Chase , the Treasury Department , and the NY Federal Reserve Bank during the fall of 2008 , AIG ended up with $ 85 billion which it used to make emergency payments to its largest creditors , the largest of which was $ 13 billion to ( are you ready ? )
Goldman Sachs .
Now AIG has announced that it will pay back about $ 25 billion to the Fed .
But the Fed never loaned real money to AIG , it loaned " fiat " money .
Here is how the Fed pulled off this deal .
( I will use round numbers for the sake of simplicity . )
JP Morgan Chase has an account at the Fed into which it has deposited , let ’s say , for example , $ 500,000,000 .
The Fed asks Chase to be its intermediary to AIG .
In other words , the Fed will " give " $ 49.5 billion to Chase and Chase will transfer $ 49.5 billion to AIG , and AIG will owe the Fed $ 49.5 billion , plus interest .
Chase will earn a seven - figure fee for this service .
So , how does the Fed get $ 49.5 billion into Chase ’s hands ?
Does it send $ 49.5 billion in gold bricks to Chase ?
No .
Does it send a wheelbarrow full of $ 49.5 billion in cash to Chase ?
No .
Does it write a $ 49.5 billion check to Chase from its own money ?
No .
The Fed " gives " $ 49.5 billion to Chase by adding two zeroes to Chase ’s account at the Fed .
Thus , $ 500,000,000 at the stroke of a few computer keys , becomes $ 50 billion .
This is called " fiat " money ( " fiat " is Latin for " let it be , " as in " let it come into existence " ) because it was just created out of thin air on the Fed ’s balance sheet .
The Fed is the only bank in the U.S. which may lawfully do this .
Chase then serves as the Fed ’s agent , and sends a Chase check to AIG for $ 49.5 billion , and AIG promises to repay the $ 49.5 billion , not to Chase , but to the Fed .
Note , that the Fed has not parted with so much as a dime of its wealth , but AIG now has $ 49.5 billion in real cash with which to pay its creditors .
The Best of Andrew P. Napolitano
Hundreds of protesters will gather outside Boots pharmacies on January 30 to swallow entire bottles of homeopathic remedies and embarrass a profession that sells them in the absence of any evidence of efficacy .
A few weeks ago , I blogged about the 10:23 protest which was gathering momentum in the United Kingdom .
Recall that in late 2009 , a senior executive from Alliance Boots , a UK pharmacy chain , admitted that there is no clinical evidence to support homeopathic products , yet Boots sells these products strictly because of consumer demand .
Homeopathy is an elaborate placebo system of “ remedies ” with no active ingredients .
Based on the absurd notion of “ like cures like ” , proponents of homeopathy believe that any substance can be an effective remedy if it ’s diluted enough : raccoon fur , the sunlight reflecting off Saturn , even pieces of the Berlin Wall are all part of the homeopathic pharmacopeia .
And when I say dilute , I mean dilute .
The 30C “ potency ” is common – it ’s a ratio of 10 - 60 .
You would have to give two billion doses per second , to six billion people , for 4 billion years , to deliver a single molecule of the original material .
That ’s dilute .
Homeopathy could be written off as a harmless nostrum if it caused no harm .
But a review of What ’s the Harm suggests otherwise .
Most importantly , homeopathy delays patients from seeking science - based treatments .
But when they ’re stocked on pharmacy shelves , it ’s unfair and unethical to expect patients to be able to able to distinguish real drugs from placebos .
Selling homeopathy in pharmacies legitimizes an industry which deserves none , and skeptics plan to “ overdose ” on these products to shame Boots into putting patient care ahead of profits .
The 10:23 protest has attracted widespread media attention including prominent coverage in the The Guardian and the BBC .
Here is a sample of what ’s being written about the protest , and the pharmacy profession :
10:23 , Homeopathy , and the Shame of the Pharmacy Profession :
The pharmacy profession has been granted statutory privileges to dispense medicines to the public .
They do so under a code of practice that insists they do act with ‘ honesty and integrity ’ , that they do not ‘ exploit the vulnerability or lack of knowledge of others ’ , and that they “ provide accurate and impartial information to ensure that [ they ] you do not mislead others or make claims that cannot be justified ”
When pharmacists on the high street accept cash for homeopathic pseudo - medicines that promise to relieve their customers of hay fever symptoms , help insomnia , or sooth a baby ’s teething pain , they appear to be ignoring their professional standards in the pursuit of profits .
The professional code of ethics of a pharmacists would suggest that they are required to provide the customer with all the “ necessary and relevant information ” .
It is surely necessary to inform someone that they are buying a worthless product that cannot work as described and there is no reason to suppose it does .
Pharmacists must fall into two camps here : those that believe that homeopathic preparations do work as described , in which case they are simply incompetent , and those that shut up for fear of their jobs and for an easy life .
Ouch .
Homeopathy by the Mind - Boggling Numbers ( Times Online ) :
To put homeopathy in a medicinal context , if you wanted to consume a normal 500 mg paracetamol dose you would need ten million billion homeopathic pills .
Where each pill is the same mass as the Milky Way galaxy .
There is actually not enough matter in the entire known Universe to make the homeopathic equivalent of a single paracetamol pill .
So why are Boots putting their trusted name on pills that are labelled as a medicinal product , but contain nothing other than sugar ?
They ’ve come out and said that there is no evidence to suggest that homeopathic remedies are efficacious but they will sell them if people believe they work .
Homeopathy is actually based on 18th century wishful thinking that water will somehow remember substances that it had previous contact with ( but will forget the countless effluent that it has passed through ) .
That a 10 billion year old water molecule will remember everything it has touched flies in the face of all known science and is an insult to any thinking person .
Sincere people with medical needs buy homeopathic remedies only because they masquerade as being something more than mere sugar pills .
They are an insult to the herbal remedies on the shelf next to them at Boots ; at least snake - oil has the decency to contain some snake .
Without question , the ongoing sale of homeopathy in pharmacies is causing a public relations disaster for UK pharmacists .
Bloggers are taking great delight in documenting how pharmacists that sell these products refuse to admit the products have no active ingredients , or happily sell the products without understanding what homeopathy is .
The protest has become viral :
It has spread to Australia , too ( Here ’s the video from the 10:23 overdose in Sydney , which takes place outside a pharmacy . )
It ’s time for pharmacists everywhere to act in the best interest of patients , and pull all homeopathic remedies off pharmacy shelves .
ATLANTA -- Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke cracked the door open a bit more to the idea of raising interest rates if a new financial bubble emerges .
He also mounted a vigorous defense against critics who say it was the Fed 's low - interest - rate policies over the past decade that caused the last housing bubble .
Instead , he said , the problem was lax regulation , which permitted banks to issue a slew of exotic mortgages that households later had trouble paying .
" We must be especially vigilant in ensuring that the recent experiences are not repeated , " Mr. Bernanke said in a speech Sunday at the American Economic Association 's annual meeting here .
Better regulation is his first line of defense against future crises .
But the Fed also needs to " remain open " to using the blunt tool of higher interest rates to avert or pop future asset bubbles , Mr. Bernanke said , particularly if other approaches are n't working .
The Fed 's views on asset bubbles are slowly changing .
Earlier this decade , when Mr. Bernanke was a Fed governor , he and other central bank officials said financial bubbles were n't something the Fed could identify or pre-empt effectively .
Its focus was on keeping inflation and unemployment low .
Its bubble strategy was to mop up after a bubble burst with lower interest rates to prevent damage to the broader economy .
After a speech in November , Mr. Bernanke said , " never say never , " when asked whether the Fed should instead use higher interest rates to pre-emptively prick future bubbles , and he later said he would n't rule it out .
Sunday , he accepted that there might be situations that warrant such an approach , particularly if other methods are n't working , such as better regulation .
Clooney was already part of the $ 1 million sum kicked in by Not On Our Watch , along with Matt Damon , Brad Pitt , Don Cheadle and Jerry Weintraub .
If Clooney 's generosity is contagious , other stars will step up to the plate as well as the phone banks when they align for tomorrow night 's
Hope for Haiti telethon , which is not only airing across most networks ( including E ! ) but streaming live at E !
Online .
In the meantime , other stars are encouraging involvement in the much - needed relief efforts :
• Mandy Moore , an ambassador for the global health organization PSI , blogged yesterday that she is " sickened and heartbroken by the thought of the tens of thousands who have lost their lives and the millions more who are without even the most basic necessities .
In good times , the people of Haiti had little …now they have nothing . "
Just $ 6 buys a year of clean water for a family in need .
Learn more about PSI and watch Mandy 's video appeal here .
• Blink - 182 is offering a special edition Haiti T - shirt available through their online store , with 100 percent of the proceeds from sales being donated to the Red Cross .
Go here to buy one for $ 15 .
• Tyler Perry has donated $ 250,000 to Haiti relief through his eponymous foundation .
" If you are like me , I know you want to do something , " he said .
" If you are like me , I know you want to make sure that whatever you do , it actually gets to the people of Haiti . "
As a result , any donations made to the Tyler Perry Foundation will be added to the director 's sum , with the guarantee that " 100 % of what you give will get to an organization that will use it to help the Haitian people . "
Go here to donate .
• Fresh off her Haiti - benefiting performance on The Oprah Winfrey Show this week , Rihanna announced she would be performing a new tune , " Stranded , " during the Hope for Haiti telethon tomorrow night in London .
She 'll be joined on the track by Jay - Z , Bono and The Edge .
Funds raised during the telethon will benefit a number of charitable organizations , including UNICEF , Oxfam America and Partners in Health .
There is a sentiment in game - making : never let Americans try what the Japanese do best .
Many popular franchises have fallen by the wayside due to publishers porting development across the oceans .
There is something about certain types of games that Japanese programmers and designers just seem to be more in tune with , and when Western developers get their hands on the same license , they tend to do one of two things ; try to tread too close to the original mystique of the Japanese producers had and fail , or attempt to “ re- define ” the experience for their demographics , and fail .
The Silent Hill franchise has been one of the more obvious victims of this dilemma , with its two most recent outings missing the series trademark smoldering intensity and psychologically - layered storylines by a football field - sized gap each time .
Climax Studios hopes to break the trend ( that they somewhat started with their PSP - bound Origins ) with the Wiimote - centric Silent Hill : Shattered Memories .
The good news is that the team has crafted a unique , engaging , and at times frightening experience .
The bad news is : it is n’t a Silent Hill game .
From a story standpoint Shattered Memories intends on re-envisioning the franchise ’s first installment ( the Elder - Geek review of which can be found here , ) where Harry Mason suffers a car crash on the edge of the titular hamlet and loses his daughter Cheryl in the fog of the town ’s streets .
Many of the narrative ’s plot points and characters are revisited throughout the playtime , including female cop Cybil .
But beyond the occasional semblance flare - ups , Memories takes great liberty in filling story gaps and adding additional locations and characters not featured in the Playstation classic .
Despite what many diehard fans of the series may tell you , this was a definite move in the right direction .
Keeping away from the original ’s overt melodrama and hokey script allows for a much more languid and natural flow to take place , aided by the game ’s visual detail and depth .
While many of the story ’s lines can be traced back to an infinite number of film references , the believable dialogue between characters and exceptional voice acting goes far to convince players of what once was an almost histrionic plotline .
The main drawing point for the game ’s console position is its dependence on many varied uses for the Wii-mote .
Beyond the obvious flashlight control , players can use Harry ’s all - important cell - phone ( which acts as the closest thing to the game ’s hud , ) as well as over a dozen minute item interactions throughout the game , such as shaking and turning over a can to find a key by miming the real - life motions through the wii-mote .
Sporting an almost Zack and Wiki-esque library of motions , Shattered Memories integrates them so well into the flow of gameplay , and mapped them to near 1:1 control ( even without the Wii-Motion Plus add - on ) that each opportunity to utilize the functionality is realistic enough to draw the player in further to the incredibly detailed world .
Needless to say the PSP and PS2 version ’s substitution of the analog sticks for these segments are pitiful in comparison , and while the latter merely lessens the experience for it , the former is near - broken in its execution .
Not just confined within the bounds of Silent Hill itself , Shattered Memories splices therapy sessions within the larger experience , the segments acting as a post - mortem on the events that happened since the last session and as the occasional foreboding introduction to what will happen next .
During these visits various mini -games will be presented to the player in first - person , guised as various real - life psychological tests .
For example , to begin the game the player must check off boxes in a vague survey of various personality traits like social interaction and honesty .
Far from the usual mini - game routine clogging the Wii ’s software library , the decisions made in these segments effect aspects of the story taking place in Silent Hill , most of the time going unnoticed to the casual observer .
Selecting answers that tend to characterize Harry as a more sexually repressed character will attach breast - like chests to some monsters and in turn make the female characters ’ wardrobes slightly more open , for instance .
Even small interactions in the Silent Hill segments will change the flow of gameplay , going into one of two unlocked buildings will offer a different pathway than its counterpart , and merely looking at strewn pictures of semi-naked women will unbutton Cybil ’s police jacket in some cutscenes .
It ’s here that the game gains the most immense replay value on the Wii this year , with each subtle shift in gameplay adding up to several ways to play through each chapter and even each cutscene .
But what ties Shattered Memories had to its Silent Hill legacy are bluntly ripped away when the world begins to ( literally ) freeze over , indicating a gameplay shift from exploration to escape .
With no weapons or means of defense in the entire game , when the levels shift it ’s time to run .
It ’s in these icy stages that decrepit , burnt - looking monsters will jump out from cracks or appear behind opening doors to hunt down Harry .
During these segments the player will have to run through a building or down the street on a pre-destined path marked by a highlighted blue outline ( think of a more linear Runner Vision from Mirror ’s Edge . )
Almost feeling like an on - rails shooter , the segments fall all too often into trial - and - error , the monsters being far too fast to allow for more than a few missed directions or wrong turns .
Harry can shake off monsters that catch up to him or light a flare to keep them temporarily at bay , but the non-combat limitations make these escapes by far the weakest point of the game .
Worse still , their obvious separation from the town ’s foggy atmosphere completely demolishes the foreboding atmosphere the franchise is known for , creating an almost adventure - game feeling of ease during exploratory segments .
You may still dread confrontation in this Silent Hill , but it wo n’t be for any good reason .
While Super Mario Galaxy may still hold the prettiest
Wii game crown , Silent Hill : Shattered Memories is by far the most impressive realistic game on the system .
Heads and tails above the competition , the game can easily be seen as working – with no graphical upgrades needed – on any current generation system .
The world is cramped with intricately modeled props and debris that behave realistically when touched , and all written material in the game is rendered in real - time and completely readable without a separate menu .
Having series regular Akira Yamaoka on board for the at times ambient , at times melodic soundtrack ( sadly for the last time due to his leaving of Konami ) yields the expected brilliant results .
Most of the credit for the game ’s visual splendor goes to Harry ’s flashlight , which illuminates objects , faces , and even each falling piece of snow / ash with believable quality .
Character facial animation and movement show off some of the best captures of the year , second only to the very best on the PS3 ’s library .
Such detail in its presentation is the game ’s biggest strength , and it goes a long way to recover from the hackneyed escape segments and give the experience a sense of immersive atmosphere .
While pixilated edges and occasional texture hiccups arise ( the ice that covers the town looks particularly bad , ) Shattered Memories is simply one of the best looking Wii games in the console ’s history .
Even though Silent Hill : Shattered Memories is connected to its franchise by name only , there is a superbly engrossing game beneath its lack of intensity and choppy enemy sequences .
A gorgeous presentation and subtlety shifting gameplay will absorb players in for at least one playthrough , and actually mess with them psychologically at times thanks to some smart pacing choices .
The Playstation 2 and PSP versions are shadows of the Wii ’s setup , and are only recommended if a Wii is not owned or can be borrowed , as there has rarely been a game that turned the Wii-mote into such a well - programmed swiss army knife .
It may not be the Silent Hill game fans have been waiting for , but it could be the blueprint for how the series can prosper in the current generation .
It ’s the most interesting reason to dust off your Wii this year , and its an experience that wo n’t soon be forgotten .
London , England ( CNN ) --
A cold icy sidewalk is n't where you would normally expect to find a sleeping British royal , but it is where Prince William spent the night to highlight the plight of the homeless .
William , second in line to the British throne , spent a night near Blackfriars Bridge in central London last week in an event organized by homeless charity Centrepoint .
" I cannot , after one night , even begin to imagine what it must be like to sleep rough on London 's streets night after night , " Prince William said in a statement on the Charity 's Web site .
Centrepoint 's CEO , Seyi Obakin also spent the night alongside the prince and said it was a difficult and dangerous experience .
" There was no shielding from the bitter cold , or the hard concrete floor , or the fear of being accosted by drug dealers , pimps or those out to give homeless people a good kicking , " Obakin said .
" One of the hairiest moments occurred when we were almost run over by a road sweeper which simply did n't see our small group huddled together , which just goes to show how vulnerable rough sleepers are . "
The group encountered temperatures that dipped to minus four degrees Celsius and slept in old sleeping bags , using cardboard boxes as shelter .
" It was the coldest night we had in a very long time and once it was over I think the prince appreciated the fact that he , unlike many homeless young people , could go home to a warm place , " Stuart Rogers , chief resources officer for Centrepoint told CNN .
" He did n't look his usual self given that he just spent the night outdoors and in rough clothes , but he did n't look too bad . "
Society
At least 30 injured in Hong Kong acid attack ( chinadaily.com.cn )
Updated : 2010-01-10 11:56
An attacker has dropped a bottle of suspicous liquid into a crowd in Hong Kong and injured at least 30 people , including children and foreign tourists , xinhuanet.com reported .
Police suspected a bottle of acid was dropped from above on the crowd in the busy Kowloon area of the city at about 9:36 pm on Saturday .
The injured were immediately rushed to hospital and the police cordoned off the area for investigation .
A series of acid attacks have hit Hong Kong since December 2008 injuring more than 100 people .
As if people were n't worrying enough about advanced prostheses making amputees stronger than normal humans , now we have to worry if they are going to make them sexier , too .
The prosthetics industry is growing rapidly , and , according to Hugh Herr , the director of MIT Media Lab's Biomechatronics Group , advanced prostheses will soon become envied in the same way the newest electronic gadget or the hottest car is today .
Washington ( CNN ) -- Despite Republican calls for Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid to step down from his leadership post over racially insensitive comments he made about President Obama , analysts believe the controversy wo n't hurt Reid any more than other issues already have .
The Obama controversy is centered on remarks published in the book " Game Change , " by Mark Halperin and John Heilemann .
The book cites Reid as saying privately in 2008 that President Obama could succeed as a black candidate partly because of his " light - skinned " appearance and speaking patterns " with no Negro dialect , unless he wanted to have one . "
Reid apologized to Obama after excerpts from the book were released and Obama said he considered the issue closed .
On Monday , Reid said he was ready to move on .
" I 've apologized to everyone with the sound of my voice that I could have used a better choice of words , " he told reporters after an event announcing a new energy project in his home state of Nevada .
" And I 'll continue doing my work for the African - American community . "
Republican strategist and CNN contributor Ed Rollins said Reid 's flap would only help Republicans in the 2010 midterm elections .
" We should beat him in November . ...
This certainly is n't going to help him , " Rollins said .
" I would rather see Harry Reid sit there and try to explain this away over the next several months and continue to be a leader , then we 'll beat him in November . "
But Norman Ornstein , a political scholar with the non-partisan American Enterprise Institute , said the comments are unlikely to hurt politically .
" I think he survives this . [ But ]
I think it 's not going to go away immediately , " he said .
" You 're dealing with a guy who 's got some political troubles to begin with and is not the smoothest or most articulate leader we 've had .
And it obviously is a serious distraction for him . "
And that distraction comes as recent polling shows Reid facing a tough re-election battle .
Only one - third of Nevada voters have a favorable opinion of him , while 52 percent have an unfavorable opinion of the four - term senator , according to a survey by Mason - Dixon Polling and Research for the Last Vegas Review - Journal released over the weekend .
Your take : iReporters sound off on Reid 's comments
The poll , with a margin of error of plus or minus four percentage points , was conducted January 5 - 7 , before news of Reid 's comments .
But Reid is getting some election help from the man the controversy surrounds .
A senior administration official told CNN Monday that Obama will join Reid in Nevada next month to campaign on his behalf .
Jon Ralston , a former political writer at the Las Vegas Review - Journal for 15 years , said Reid has always had " very little margin for error to be able to win " in 2010 .
" And considering his approval numbers , this is certainly a fairly large error , " he added .
Reid trails three of his possible GOP challengers in hypothetical general election matchups , according to the poll .
Reid trails Sue Lowden , Nevada GOP state chairwoman , by 10 points and businessman Danny Tarkanian by eight points .
Reid also trails GOP hopeful Sharron Angle by five points .
Tarkanian and Lowden are deadlocked in the primary battle among GOP voters .
Reid received 61 percent of the vote in his last race in 2004 .
Peter Beinart , a public policy expert at the non-partisan New America Foundation , said the ' Negro ' comment is the least of Reid 's concerns .
" I think his political problem is that he's in a conservative state in what 's looking like a very conservative year , " he said .
" I think that 's his bigger problem than his comment . "
Ralston , who now runs The Ralston Report -- a daily e-mail newsletter on politics and business -- said the controversy is unlikely to move African - American Democrats to support Reid 's GOP opponents .
" Are there going to be African - Americans here that are going to be disturbed by those comments ?
Absolutely .
Does that mean they are going to vote for a Republican ?
I doubt it , " he said .
Beinart said Reid 's comments are unlikely to hurt him with African - Americans because of the state 's demographics .
" If Harry Reid loses in Nevada , it 's not going to be because of African - American votes , " Beinart said .
" There 's not that many African - Americans in the state anyway .
And there may be turnout issues anyway . "
Exit polling from the 2008 general election indicates that 10 percent of African - Americans turned out to vote in a year in which minority voter turnout was higher than normal because of Obama 's presidency .
Ralston said because of the controversy , African - Americans might not enthusiastically support Reid now -- something the Democrat is " going to have to deal with and something he 's trying to tamp down by pointing out his record on issues important to African - Americans . "
For his part , Reid said his efforts to integrate the Las Vegas Strip workforce and the gaming industry , among other legislation favored by African - American voters .
One issue that may be hurting Reid is health care reform .
The Senate majority leader is playing a large role in pushing the bill through his chamber , but 54 percent of Nevadans oppose the legislation and only 35 percent support it , according to the poll .
" Obviously the timing of this is lousy for Reid as he's just trying to maneuver through what could be an enormous triumph for him with the health care plan , " Ornstein said .
Though , according to Beinart , Reid will be viewed as a " pretty effective " majority leader if he gets health care reform passed , opposition groups are already lined up against him .
The Tea Party Express -- one of the national conservative Tea Party organizations -- has released a television ad in Nevada against Reid .
The group said they 're spending more than $ 100,000 to air their ad on television in the state starting Monday .
Ralston believes Republicans will certainly try to keep the story in the headlines -- and pour vast resources into taking down the Democratic leader .
" There 's going to be more money spent in this state by Republicans and anti-Harry Reid groups than has ever been seen before .
And this is just the beginning , " he said .
Reid , though , does have some advantages .
" Sen . Reid 's campaign advisers have pledged to spend upwards of $ 25 million to help him win re-election , " said Mark Preston , CNN political editor .
" That is a lot of money in Nevada .
And even though Reid made those comments about Obama , I think that the president will do whatever is necessary to help him win another term .
After all , Reid has been one of Obama 's closest allies on the Capitol Hill . "
And he has Democrats on his side -- from top leaders to African - American politicians in Nevada and in Congress -- including the Congressional Black Caucus .
" What this shows actually is that the great strength that Harry Reid has is the affection and backing of his colleagues on the Democratic side , " Ornstein said .
CNN Deputy Political Director Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report .
Katherine used to be Miguel .
Olin had a girl ’s name .
And in October , Robert Ira Schnur , 70 , became Roberta Iris Schnur , a Manhattan retiree with magenta lipstick and , she noted the other day , chipped silver nail polish .
“ I was n’t like other men , ” she said .
Theirs are among hundreds of names a Manhattan court has changed over the last few years for transgender New Yorkers .
That tally , specialists in the relatively new field of transgender law say , may make the borough ’s workaday Civil Court one of the country ’s biggest official name swappers  male names for female , vice versa and ambiguous .
Changing a name might seem like a minor matter for those who are changing their gender identities and , for some , facing challenges like finding knowledgeable doctors , trying hormones and experimenting with painful hair - removal procedures .
But many who have gone through the switch say a name change sends an important message to the world , a message solidified and made official with a court ’s approval .
Image ROBERTA IRIS SCHNUR Formerly Robert Ira Schnur , she is one of hundreds of transgender people whose legal names were changed in Manhattan .
Credit ... Todd Heisler / The New York Times
In many courts around the country , what were once risky or shocking name - change requests are becoming more routine as the sting of gender taboo has lost a little of its edge .
But in few places has this shift been more dramatic than in New York , where two recent and little - noticed rulings helped clarify the murky area not only of the law but also of modern gender identification .
They have contributed to Manhattan ’s becoming a capital of Joe - to - Jane proceedings .
A rare network of some 200 lawyers now works on such cases filed in the Centre Street courthouse , and nearly 400 of their transgender clients so far have , more or less , become someone else .
Sea Dogs Remain # 1 Major Junior Team In Canada
January 27 , 2010 - Quebec Major Junior Hockey League ( QMJHL ) - Saint John Sea Dogs News Release
SAINT JOHN , NB --- The Canadian Hockey League unveiled its latest BMO MasterCard Top
Ten rankings today , with the Saint John Sea Dogs coming in at # 1 on the prestigious list for the second consecutive week .
The weekly rankings of the CHL's Top Ten teams are selected by a panel of NHL scouts .
Saint John is one of three QMJHL squads to earn a spot on this week 's list .
The full BMO CHL MasterCard Top Ten Rankings can be found below :
1 - Saint John Sea Dogs , QMJHL ( 40-8 - 1-0 )
2 - Barrie Colts , OHL ( 38-7-0-1 )
3 - Windsor Spitfires , OHL ( 37-7-0 -5 )
4 - Tri-City Americans , WHL ( 36-12-0-1 )
5 - London Knights , OHL ( 35-11-0 -2 )
6 - Saskatoon Blades , WHL ( 32-11 -2-3 )
7 - Mississauga St. Michael 's Majors , OHL ( 32-10 -4-1 )
8 - Victoriaville Tigres , QMJHL ( 33-14-1-1 )
9 - Moncton Wildcats , QMJHL ( 33-11-1-3 )
10 - Brandon Wheat Kings , WHL ( 30 - 15-0 - 3 )
Saint John 's next game is scheduled to take place on Friday night at 7:30 pm versus the Val - d ' Or Foreurs at Harbour Station .
Tickets to all upcoming Sea Dogs home games are available by calling the arena box office at ( 506 ) 657-1234 or by visiting www.tickets.harbourstation.ca.
• Discuss this story on the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League message board ...
Quebec Major Junior Hockey League Stories from January 27 , 2010
Sea Dogs Remain # 1 Major Junior Team In Canada - Saint John Sea Dogs
The opinions expressed in this release are those of the organization issuing it , and do not necessarily reflect the thoughts or opinions of OurSports Central or its staff .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Eric de Turckheim , co-founder of Trafigura , defends claims his company dumped toxic waste in Ivory Coast .
This interview was first broadcast on 16 Aug 2007
> import Data .
Char
> type Field = Int -> Int ->
Int
> data Grid = Grid Int Int Field
Field
> instance Eq Grid
> instance Show Grid where
> show ( Grid w h f ) = concat
> [ [ digit ( f x y ) | x <- [ 0..w - 1 ] ] ++ "
" | y < - [ 0 .. h - 1 ] ]
> digit 0 = '.'
> digit n = chr ( 48+n )
> instance Num Grid where
> Grid w0 h0 f0 + Grid w1 h1 f1 = Grid
> ( w0 `max` w1 ) ( h0 `max` h1 )
> ( \x y -> f0 x y + f1 x y )
count :: Grid ->
Int
f
g
count f + count g == count ( f+g )
count
> gsum ( Grid w h f ) = sum [f x y | x <- [ 0..w - 1 ] , y <- [ 0 .. h - 1 ] ]
> point x y = Grid ( x+1 ) ( y+1 )
> ( \x0 y0 -> if ( x0 , y0 ) == ( x , y ) then 1 else 0 )
> circle x y r = Grid ( x+r+1 ) ( y+r+1 )
> ( \x0 y0 -> if ( x - x0 ) ^2+( y - y0 ) ^2 < r^ 2 then 1 else 0 )
> test1 = circle 10 10 5 + circle 7 13 4 + point 5 5 + point 9 12
> test2 = gsum test1
* Main > test1
................
................
................
................
................
.....1..........
........ 11111 ...
....... 1111111..
...... 111111111 .
...... 111111111 .
..... 1222211111 .
.... 11222221111 .
.... 11222321111 .
.... 1112222111 ..
.... 111122211 ...
.... 1111111 .....
..... 11111 ......
................
* Main > test2
116
> scale n ( Grid w h f ) = Grid ( w*n ) ( h*n )
> ( \x y -> f ( x `div` n ) ( y `div` n ) )
count ( n `scale` f ) = count f
gsum
gsum ( n `scale` f ) = n^2 * gsum f
^
Field
> data EGrid = EGrid {
> eWidth :: Int , eHeight :: Int ,
> faces :: Field , hedges : : Field , vedges : : Field , vertices :: Field
> }
( 0,0 )
> g2e ( Grid w h f ) = EGrid w h
> f
> ( \x y -> f ( x - 1 ) y `max` f x y )
> ( \x y -> f x ( y - 1 ) `max` f x y )
> ( \x y -> f ( x - 1 ) ( y - 1 ) `max` f ( x - 1 ) y `max` f x ( y - 1 ) `max` f x y )
> fsum ( EGrid w h f _ _ _ ) = gsum ( Grid w h f )
> esum ( EGrid w h _ e f _ ) = gsum ( Grid ( w+1 ) h e ) +gsum ( Grid w ( h+1 ) f )
> vsum ( EGrid w h _ _ _ v ) = gsum ( Grid ( w+1 ) ( h+1 ) v )
> measure a b c g = let e = g2e g in a*vsum e+b*esum e+c*fsum e
gsum
> area = measure 0 0 1
( ( n ^ 2 ) *) .
area = area .
scale n
a
b
c
measure
mystery_property1 = measure a b c
( ( n^1 ) *) .
mystery_property1 = mystery_property1 .
scale n
mystery_property1
a
b
c
mystery_property1
a
b
c
measure
mystery_property2 = measure a b c
( ( n^0 ) *) .
mystery_property2 = mystery_property2 .
scale n
mystery_property2
scale
gscale
EGrid
g2e . ( scale n ) == gscale n . g2e
mystery_property2
measure 1 0 0 $ point 0 0
measure 1 0 0 $ 2 `scale` point 0 0
measure 1 0 0 $ 3 `scale` point 0 0
4a + 4b+ c = x
9a+12b+4c = 2x
16a+24b+9c = 3 x
measure 0 1 ( - 2 )
measure 0 1 ( - 2 )
4a + 4b+ c = x
9a+12b+4c = x
16a+24b+9c = x
measure 1 ( -1 ) 1
measure 1 ( -1 ) 1
measure 1 ( -1 ) 1
measure 1 ( -1 ) 1
measure 1 ( -1 ) 1
> euler = measure 1 ( -1 ) 1
euler
euler
> test3 = euler test1
test1
area
measure
The problem I ultimately want to solve , and its solution , is described in the paper Target Enumeration via Euler Characteristic Integrals .
My goal here is to show how to implement that solution on a computer and make it accessible to a wider audience .
Suppose we have a set of targets we want to count .
This could be anything from enemy tanks rolling over the plains to electronically tagged wildlife roaming the countryside .
Each target has a region of influence which might simply be circular in shape , or might be more complex and depend on the target .
Now suppose that we have a high density of sensors scattered over our domain and that each sensor can tell us how many regions of influence it lies in .
Roughly speaking , each sensor counts how many targets are nearby .
How do we compute how many targets we have in total ?
Here 's an illustration :
There are four targets .
The region of influence for each one is coloured making it easy to see which region is which .
I 've labelled each region with an integer showing how many targets can be detected in that region .
The idea is that we'd have a very dense scattering of sensors in our domain , each sensor reporting an integer .
In effect we'd be getting an image like a rasterised version of that picture .
But we would n't be getting the convenient colours , just an integer per pixel .
At first it seems like a trivial problem .
The sensors can all count , and if every target is in range of a sensor , every target will be counted .
But we can't simply add the numbers from all of the sensors as many sensors will be in the domain of influence of the same target .
If we sum all of the numbers we 'll be counting each target many times over .
We need to be able to subtract off the targets that are counted twice .
But some targets will be counted three times and so on .
And how do we tell when a target has been counted twice when all we have are counts ?
We 'll make one simplifying assumption in solving this problem : that the regions of influence are simply connected .
In other words , they are basically some kind of shape that does n't have holes in it .
That could mean anything from a square or disk to a shape like the letter ' W ' .
But it excludes shapes like annuli or the letter ' B ' .
If we make this assumption then we can solve this problem with a very simple algorithm that will work in almost all cases .
In fact , the only time it fails will be situations where no algorithm could possibly work .
But there 's a little ground to cover before getting to the solution .
We 'll make another simplifying assumption for now .
That the sensors are arranged in a rectangular grid .
So the data we get back from the sensors will be a grid filled with integers .
That essentially turns our problem into one of image processing and we can think of sensor values as pixels .
Here 's a picture where I 've drawn one domain of influence and I 've indicated the values returned for three of the sensors .
So lets assume the sensors have coordinates given by pairs of integers and that they return integer counts .
The state of all the sensors can be represented by a function of this type :
We 'll assume that we get zero if we try to read from beyond our domain .
We can represent a grid of sensors , including the grid 's width and height , using : For efficiency something of typeought to read data from an array , but I 'll not be assuming arrays here .
We can define display and addition of two grids :
Ourultimate goal is to define some kind of count function with signature :
Now suppose the functiongives the counts corresponding to one set of targets andis the count corresponding to another .
If the region of influence of these two sets of targets is separated by at least one ' pixel ' then it should be clear that So at least approximately , is additive .
We also need it to be translation invariant .
There 's only one function that has these properties , summing up the values at all pixels :
We can implement functions to make some example grids :
And now we can build and display some examples :
Here 's a typical output :
It should be pretty clear that this does n't count the number of targets .
So how can we implement something additive and yet count targets ?
Another operation we can perform on grids is scale them .
Here 's an implementation of scaling a grid : Scaling up an `image ' should n't change the number of targets detected .
It should only correspond to the same number of targets with double - sized regions of influence .
So we 'd also like the following property :
It 's easy to see that thatactually has the following property for n>0 : is the power function .
For some reason lhs2TeX displays it as an up arrow . )
These requirements are pretty tough to meet with an additive operation .
But there 's an amazing transformation we can perform on the data first .
Instead of working on a grid with one value for each pixel we 'll also store values for the ' edges ' between pixels and for the ' vertices ' at the corners of pixels .
So lets define a new kind of grid to be a tuple offunctions , one for faces ( ie. the pixels ) , one for horizontal edges , one for vertical edges , and one for vertices .
The lower left vertex is but we need to add an extra row and column of vertices on the right .
Similarly we 'll need an extra row and an extra column of edges .
We can now `resample ' our original grid onto one of these new style grids : I'm using the rule that the value along an edge will be the maximum of the values on the two impinging faces .
Similarly , the vertices acquire the maximum of the four faces they meet .
I 'll try to illustrate that here : I hope you can see , from the placement of the labels , how I 've attached values to edges and vertices as well as faces .
We now have a bit more freedom .
We have three different types of sum we can carry out :
( We could sum over horizontal and vertical edges separately too , but if we did that then a 90 degree rotation would give a different target count . )
Now we can define a measurement function that takes three `weights ' and gives us back a weighted sum :
We can reproduce thefunction as Try some examples to test that Now I can leave you with some challenges : 1 . Find some suitable argumentsandtoso that we get : I 'll let you assume that there is some choice of values that works .
( Hint : you just need to try applyingto a few scalings of some chosen shape .
You 'll quickly find some simultaneous equations inandto solve .
Solve them . ) 2 . Can you find a simple geometric interpretation for ?
Assume that the original input grid simply consists of zeros and ones , so that it 's a binary image .
It should n't be hard to find a good interpretation .
It 's a little harder if it is n't a binary image so do n't worry too much about that case .
3 .
Now find some suitable argumentsandtoso that we get : 4 .
Can you find a simple interpretation for binary images ?
You might think you have it immediately so work hard to find counterexamples .
Have a solid interpretation yet ?
And can you extend it to images that consist of more general integers ?
5 .
Optimise the code forassuming the image is binary and that the input is on a 2D array .
Ultimately you should get some code that walks a 2D array doing something very simple at each pixel .
Can you understand how it 's managing to compute something that fits the interpretation you gave ?
6 .
Define a version ofcalledthat works ons .
Among other things we should expect : and that the invariance properties of the mystery properties should hold with respect to gscale .
I 'll answer most of these questions in my next post .
If you findyou 've rediscovered one of the deepest notions in mathematics .
Something that appears in fields as diverse as combinatorics , algebraic geometry , algebraic topology , graph theory , group theory , geometric probability , fluid dynamics , and , of course , image processing .
Let 's start with exercise 1 from my previous post .
I allowed you to assume there was a solution .
Knowing this we only need to try scaling up one shape .
Here are three scalings of a single pixel :
For the 1x1 square we have : 1 face , 4 edges , 4 vertices .
For the 2x2 square we have : 4 faces , 12 edges , 9 vertices .
For the 3x3 square we have : 9 faces , 24 edges , 16 vertices .
( If you do n't feel like counting these yourself you can use code like : and so on .
So now we have some equations :
We find a=0 , c= - 2b .
I 'll pick b = 1 , c = - 2 .
There 's a straightfoward interpretation offor binary images .
It computes half of the perimeter , the semi-perimeter .
There 's a nice way to see this .
We can try to count the number of edges in a shape starting from the number of faces in it .
You can think of each face as being surrounded by 4 " half - thickness " edges .
Where two faces meet we get a full thickness edge , so using half the number of faces counts internal edges correctly .
But around the border of a shape we are left with contributions from only a face on one side .
So we 're only counting the perimeter edges by half .
We get a shortfall of the semi-perimeter .
Working backwards tells us how to compute the semi-perimeter from the total number of edges and faces .
For more general images , not just binary ones , we can roughly think ofas computing the sum of the semi-perimeters of all of the isocontours of our image .
The interesting case is now exercise 3 .
This time our equation is :
Now we get a solution a = 1 , b = - 1 , c = 1 .
If you try computing this for a few shapes it looks like it 's counting the number of connected components of a binary image .
However , once you realise the possibility of some holes in your image you find that it always turns out to be the total number of connected components minus the total number of holes .
Here 's an example .
Treat this as a single complete image :
It has two components and one hole so we expectto give us 1 .
We can count :14 faces42 edges29 verticesGiving 29-42+14 = 1.I 'm not sure which is the easiest proof that vertices - edges +faces counts the number of components minus the number of holes .
One approach is this : we only need to consider one connected component at a time .
Remove its holes .
Now build up the shape one pixel at a time starting with one pixel and ensuring that you have a hole - free shape at each stage .
It 's not hard to enumerate all of the possible ways you can add one pixel to an existing shape and show that each such addition leavesunchanged .
If you now make a single pixel hole in your shape you 'll see that it lowersby 1 .
If you now continue to add pixels to the hole , in a way that does n't change the number of holes , you 'll see thatremains unchanged again .
computes what is known as the Euler characteristic of a shape .
I talked a little about this in one context earlier and showed how to compute it in another context here .
The Euler characteristic is a topological invariant of a shape in the sense that a rubber sheet deformation of a shape leaves the number of holes and the number of components unchanged .
The above description shows that the Euler characteristic is particularly easy to compute .
It simply requires a map - reduce operation over the entire grid .
But what about the separate terms : the number of components and the number of holes ?
These seem like simpler notions and you might expect them to be just as easy to compute .
Actually they are harder to compute .
Compare also with flood fill algorithms which solve a related problem .
Minsky and Papert show in their book Perceptrons that any topological invariant that can be learnt by a one layer neural network ( with certain resonable restrictions ) must be a function of the Euler characteristic .
I find it quite amazing that this notion from topology is connected ( no pun intended ) to learnability .
We can defineI have sketched an argument thatcounts # components - #holes .
If we assume that each of our connected components has no holes then it counts the number of components .
But here 's a neat thing : if we * add * two images that contain strictly overlapping shapes ( ie. not just touching each other along their boundaries ) then because of additivity , will still count the number of shapes .
In other words , if you did the exercises then you solved the target enumeration problem .
It 's pretty miraculous .
You could splat down thousands of geometric shapes into an image .
They can overlap as much as you like .
But as long as they do n't touch along a boundary you can still compute the total number of shapes .
If two shapes do touch along a common boundary then no algorithm can work , after all they 'll be indistinguishable from a single connected shape .
For a quick example , notice howrecovers thatis the sum of 4 shapes that do n't touch .
Consider our original measurement .
This sums the values at each pixel .
It is a numerical approximation to the integral of a function sampled at each pixel .
Likewise each of thefunctions is numerical approximation to a generalised type of integral .
The original paper uses these integrals to solve its problem .
I have simply used a discrete version .
I apologise for only sketching proofs .
It takes considerably more work to provide rigorous proofs .
But I encourage you to experiment with the code and attempt to find counterexamples .
The history of the Euler characteristic is itself characteristed by a kind of back and forth between attempted proofs and counterexamples than in a strange way mirrors the innocent looking definition : vertices - edges +faces .
By the way , some people have propsed that the Euler characteristic is a kind of generalisation of the idea of counting .
It shares many properties with the usual notion of cardinality .
One last thing : I have implicitly shown that target counting is learnable by a certain type of one - layer neural network .
And thanks to @alpheccar for pointing out the original target enumeration paper .
I'm repeating this as a possibly apocryphal story I have heard from other parties : Minsky and Papert demonstrated that the only learnable topological invariants for single layer network are functions of the Euler characteristic .
In particular , they demonstrated the unlearnability of connectedness .
This was a precisely stated no - go theorem that discouraged and slowed investment in neural network research for many years and helped contribute to the AI Winter .
Is there a good historical book on this period of AI research ?
I began collecting antique vibrators around 1997 when I began finding them while out hunting for typewriters and other antiques .
I thought some of the vibrators were interesting so I began buying them .
I have been collecting aggressively and have assembled an extensive collection with many unusual examples .
This is my public display for some of the more unusual items in my collection .
This site is new and is little more then a shell of what I would like to make it .
Currently I am focusing on getting more pictures posted with a little information about the items .
Only a portion of the collection is currently represented on this web site , I plan to add the majority of my collection as time permits and there are many interesting items yet to be added .
I have two major objectives in developing this site .
The first is to provide a forum for the public display of one of my more unusual collections .
The second is to create a resource of information on the history of massage vibrators .
I use several sources of information for preparing and updating this site and put considerable effort into assuring the accuracy of the information provided .
Some information comes from books and the web .
Primary sources of information include trade catalogs , advertisements , user manuals , manufactures data plates , and patent records .
The value of massage in physical therapy has been well know for thousands of years and massage is by no means considered medical quackery .
From the late 1800's to the early 1900's when medical quackery was in it 's heyday , vibrators were marketed as a cure for all that ails you earning them a classification as quack medical in the field of collectibles .
The vibrator has an especially amusing place in medical history in that it was invented in the 1860's to aid doctors in the treatment of what was then a common female nervous condition known as hysteria .
Independent scholar Rachel P. Maines encountered the early history of the vibrator when she began finding ads for vibrators in early women 's publications wile researching a graduate study on textile arts in the late 1970's and early 1980's .
After graduating Rachel Maines became increasingly curious about the subject and began extensive research into the history of vibrators .
She has published several papers on the subject and an award winning book titled " The Technology of Orgasm : " Hysteria , " the Vibrator , and Women 's Sexual Satisfaction " a review of the book can be found here .
Why a person collects anything in particular is a mystery often even to the people who collect .
There are a variety of reasons I will purchase a particular vibrator for my collection .
I am especially interested in the very old or unusual examples .
Like many collectors I tend to develop themes or groups within my collection and will purchase items that fit in with established themes .
Some vibrators I acquire to fill in gaps in the time line of design represented in my collection .
Many are purchased simply because I liked the name .
I am actively expanding this part of my collection so if you have an item that you think would go with my collection I would be delighted to hear from you .
A note to researchers : I do try to find the time to respond to request from researchers for information but am often not that good at keeping up with email .
Try not to wait till the last minute to ask questions .
If I do n't get back to you in a few days sometimes it helps to email me again .
mike@vibratormuseum.com
Wichita , KS Car Accident Lawyers With Courtroom Success : WARNER LAW OFFICES
Experienced personal injury attorneys serving Wichita and all of Kansas .
After a car accident , we understand how complicated life can become .
We know your recovery can be extremely difficult .
At Warner Law Offices , we wo n’t settle for less than you deserve .
Our experienced , no - nonsense legal team represents injury victims and families who lost loved ones in Wichita and throughout Kansas .
Warner Law Offices is a Wichita law firm that works hard every day for injury victims who have suffered significant losses through no fault of their own .
Lawyers Thomas M. Warner Jr. and Anne H. Pankratz have a well - earned reputation as experienced , tough - minded personal injury attorneys who work with injury victims every step of the way .
... experienced , tough - minded personal injury attorneys
who work with injury victims every step of the way ...
Face your hardship with confidence knowing that a better day lies ahead .
Contact us today to find out how we can help you fight for justice .
Call 866-584-1032 to set up a free case consultation with one of our experienced car accident attorneys .
You only pay us a fee if we win .
Kansas Supreme Court Strikes Down Cap in Injury Cases
Attorney Thomas Warner was instrumental in the Kansas Supreme Court 's decision that the state 's cap on damages for non-economic injuries in personal injury lawsuits is unconstitutional .
" We need to let juries decide damages rather than politicians , " - Attorney Thomas Warner
Dr. David J. Graham , MPH , Associate Director for Science , Office of Drug Safety , Center for Drug Evaluation and Research , U.S. Department of Health and Human Services , Food and Drug Administration , right , and Dr. Bruce M. Psaty , PhD , Professor , Medicine & Epidemiology , University of Washington , Cardiovascular Health Research Unit , Seattle , WA testify before the Senate Finance Committee hearing on FDA , Merck , and Vioxx on November 18 , 2004 in Washington .
Graham said that Vioxx was a definite threat and that there are at least five drugs on the market he would take off ...( UPI Photo / Michael Kleinfeld ) | License Photo
Mr. Raymond V. Gilmartin , Chairman , President & Chief Executive Officer , Merck & Co. , Whitehouse Station , NJ testifies before the Senate Finance Committee hearing on FDA , Merck , and Vioxx on November 18 , 2004 in Washington .
Vioxx was taken off the market because it was found to raise the risk of heart attacks .
..( UPI Photo / Michael Kleinfeld ) | License Photo
Dr. David J. Graham , MPH , Associate Director for Science , Office of Drug Safety , Center for Drug Evaluation and Research , U.S. Department of Health and Human Services , Food and Drug Administration testifies before the Senate Finance Committee hearing on FDA , Merck , and Vioxx on November 18 , 2004 in Washington .
Graham said that Vioxx was a definite threat and that there are at least five drugs on the market he would take off ...( UPI Photo / Michael Kleinfeld ) | License Photo
WASHINGTON , Nov. 2 ( UPI ) --
The Obama administration filed a brief with the U.S. Supreme Court siding with investors hoping to sue Merck and Co. over its now - withdrawn painkiller Vioxx .
In a friend - of - the - court brief , administration officials argued shareholders filed securities lawsuits in a timely manner against the Whitehouse Station , N.J. , pharmaceutical giant , Legal Newsline reported Monday .
Advertisement
The lawsuits allege Merck deliberately misrepresented the safety of Vioxx , taken off the market in 2004 over concerns it more than doubled risks of heart attack and stroke .
Merck maintains it properly informed the U.S. Food and Drug Administration and scientific officials about Vioxx 's data as information emerged .
Merck agreed to pay $ 4.85 billion to settle thousands of lawsuits claiming that Vioxx caused heart attacks and strokes in some patients .
Based on the statute of limitations , a U.S. District Court in New Jersey in April 2007 granted Merck 's motion to dismiss the consolidated class - action against the company , finding sufficient public information was available before Nov. 6 , 2001 , to trigger the plaintiffs ' duty to investigate the alleged fraud .
The 3rd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals reversed the decision , determining no warning of the alleged fraud existed for more than two years before the original complaint was filing .
Merck appealed to the U.S. Supreme Court .
Oral arguments are scheduled for Nov. 30 .
" Even so the eye finds it difficult to discern colours with night vision , but despite that I could even see the red at the top of the bow . "
« Go back a post || Return to G - A - Y homepage || Haul tail to next post »
01/22/2010
NOM declares another McCain 08 loss
by Jeremy Hooper
She looks fab , and her willingness to " go rogue " against her husband 's own stance is certainly interesting .
Although not everyone thinks Cindy McCain 's latest modeling gig is all that Gr8 .
This from the National Organization For Marriage 's latest e-blast :
You and I know that millions of decent , loving , law - abiding Americans are being characterized as bigots and haters because we know that marriage is the union of husband and wife .
One example : Cindy McCain .
You may have seen the news stories that Sen.
McCain 's wife announced her support of gay marriage .
That 's no big deal .
It 's a free country and everyone should be able to speak their minds , even when we disagree .
But Mrs. McCain chose to express her mind by appearing in an ad campaign whose slogan is " NOH8 . "
Get it ?
No to Prop 8 , No Hate .
That ’s a slogan that collapses the distinction between hatred and disagreement , which insults and stereotypes 7 million Californians who voted for Prop 8 -- not to mention Mrs. McCain 's husband , who campaigned for Arizona 's marriage amendment .
Well it certainly ain't love , that marital bat manure that NOM craps forth as its sole organizational commodity .
So while we could probably have our own deb8 about the " No H8 " label , it 's pretty ridiculous to hear NOM taking on the convenient numeric wordplay rather than ( a ) the motiv8tion that led to its adoption or ( b ) the fact that such a prominent GOP figure has come out against Maggie Gallagher and Brian Brown 's pet prejudicial project .
Plus it 's downright absurd to hear their continued suggestion that " I do n't think you are equal in the eyes of the law " is merely a line of " disagreement , " when one view crushes the souls of countless many , while the other brings no real negatives to anyone .
Is everyone who voted for Prop 8 a hater ?
No , of course not .
But is the offensive idea that LGBT people are worthy of having their rights stripped away by faith - based bias one that 's based in hate ?
Well , that 's for you to decide or yourself .
However , this conversation separating the message from the individual voter is the distinction that NOM needs to stop collapsing .
And rather than get the vapors on their Victorian fainting couch when ever anyone says they 're sick of NOM 's handiwork , they need to ask themselves why it 's just so easy and organic for someone , even prominent political figures , to see this modern - day instance of civil bias as " H8 " rather than a " deb8 . "
Who knows , maybe they 'll learn something about themselves .
Better L8 than never .
***
** The full e-blast :
Your thoughts
" ... because we know that marriage is the union of husband and wife . "
" Marriage is the union of husband and wife " ?
Maybe in YOUR religion , buck -o!
But , YOUR bourgeoisie faith ( a historical anomaly ) does NOT get the right to dictate public policy !
I am well aware of the work of openly Gay Anthropologist , Will Roscoe , on the Native American homosexual male tribes members who were believed to be natural - born shamans as a result ( like almost every ancient culture in fact ! ) , as well as the fact that they were highly regarded and deeply sought after by other men has spouses .
It was , I believe ( as with almost every culture ) that the Christian missionaries and post -Colonial America subjected the native peoples and had a devastating impact upon their reverence for the Queer .
( Incidentally , there was a new - - never - before - seen tribe discovered in the Amazon a few years ago ; the country mandated a very strict law prohibiting westerners / modern South Americans / and especially missionaries from corrupting their indigenous culture .
' Course , guess what happened ?
The Evangelical Christians pitched a fit and attempted to get a legal exemption based on religious grounds to " mission " to these tribes people .
Their recourse failed -- and it is worth noting that the Missionary is the BANE of the Anthropologist at destroying native cultures ! )
In Roscoe 's most recent book --" Jesus and the Shamanic Tradition of Same - Sex Love " -- he details the Asiatic shamanic tribes people known as the Chuckchi ( or Chuckchee ) , whose homosexual shamans are known in our tongue as " soft men " and , like the Native American pre-Colonial cultures ( for NA 's have come to despise homosexuality , now ) these specific shamans were believed to be naturally - born shamans and were deeply sought after by other men as a spouse !
" Marriage is the union of a man and a woman " my foot !
You apparently have an obvious distaste for the historical record !
There is also evidence amid my Celtic ancestors from a Greek historian who walked among them that they seem to have preferred homosexuality , or thought it offensive to refuse the offer of Queer bed - hopping .
Even the medieval Irish Brehon laws may suggest that two males could legally marry within that Celtic context .
Even the late openly Gay historian of Harvard , Prof .
John Boswell has shown throughout his work that the medieval Catholic Church has , albeit rarely , solemnized over the marriage of two men ; and that the word " Gay " in reference to a class / minority of homosexuals can be traced clear back to the medieval or Renaissance period .
Although , I have heard a rumor about the later fall - out of Prof .
Boswell 's work ( unless I 'm confusing him for some other historian ) , who received special permission from the Vatican to use its archives for his research based upon his reputation as a BRILLIANT scholar and Prof. of History at Harvard .
However , as I have heard it , after Prof .
Boswell 's materials on the antiquity of homosexuality as a community and our tolerance up until the 14th .
Century when we were culturally vilified ( even burned as heretics and Witches during the latter Inquisition ! ) , those original sources which he translated and cited within his texts from the Vatican immediately vanished from the archives !
Prof .
Boswell also commented upon the fact that we live in a society with religiously - imposed heterosexuality ( which , obviously , can be psychologically scarring for Gay kids ! ) .
According to the Defense 's own witness , Dr. Nathenson , the American Anthropological Association supports Gay marriage on culturally relevant grounds .
So , I went snooping and found this wonderfully - written policy statement written by the AAA ( which ol Mags Gallagher would probably find some anti-Christian fault with ) : http://www.aaanet.org/issues/policy-advocacy/Statement-on-Marriage-and-the-Family.cfm .
There 's also this fascinating article by one Adrian Brune , who cites the AAA 's position , called " Anthropologists Debunk ' Traditional Marriage ' Claim " ( do n't be put off by the website ; it 's mission is actually to end the harm caused by religious - based bigotry ! ) :
http://www.faithinamerica.info/traditionalMarriage.php .
I , for one , am so frakking tired to watching NOM , Republicans and Conservatives flooding the air - waves ( and fallaciously - biased e-mails ) -- misrepresenting the historical and ethnographical record -- and state that " marriage has always been one man and one woman for thousands and thousands of years " !
That 's offensive , and an out - right LIE !
How do you reconcile the testimony of Dr. Young ( another religious Prop 8 witness ) who testified , under oath in the US of A that , " Just because something is a ' norm ' , does n't necessarily mean that it's an appropriate ' norm ' .
It has to then be reassessed within the contemporary context to * see * if there are good reasons * why * that ' norm ' should remain . "
Hmmm ... I 'm surprised that Mags has n't , yet , tried to state that there never were any culturally sanctioned marriages between two men or two women forever and always , in every culture on the entire planet !
That presumes that one thinks that Maggie is making a researched opinion ; but I , and many other historians and scholars know better !
I just wish that the general public were being made aware of these FACTS from Anthropological sources as i have briefly outlined above .
* sigh *
This beautiful work by scholars is so moving and powerful for me as a Gay man , because it shows that , despite many modern Christians ( who like to claim that we did not HAVE a history until the 1970s ! ) , we do , in fact , have an ancient and POWERFUL pedigree !
GAY POWER !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Anyone interested in reading more about our ancient pedigree ( which I recommend ) should pick up a copy of the following books : * Cassell 's Encyclopedia of Queer Myth , Symbol and Spirit ( a BRILLIANT starter ! )
* Queer Spirits : A Gay Men's Myth Book , ed. and comp. by Will Roscoe
* Another Mother Tongue : Gay Words , Gay Worlds , by Judy Grahn
* Blossom of Bone : Reclaiming the Connection Between Homoeroticism and the Sacred , by Randy P. Conner
* Witchcraft and the Gay Counterculture , by Arthur Evans
* Men , Homosexuality , and the Gods , by Ronald Long
* The Zuni Man-Woman , by Will Roscoe
* Jesus and the Shamanic Tradition of Same - Sex Love , by Will Roscoe
Posted by : Wade MacMorrighan | Jan 22 , 2010 9:45:02 PM
Oops , I forgot to mention the frakking BRILLIANT work of the late Prof. of History at Harvard , John Boswell ( albeit quite verbose ) : * Same - Sex Unions in Pre-Modern Europe
* Christianity , Social Tolerance , and Homosexuality : Gay People in Western Europe from the beginning of the Christian Era to the Fourteenth Century NB : Prof .
Boswell says " Christian Era " in his sub - title ; however , academia has been making headway in respect for others ' religions by abstaining from the use of " BC " ( Before Christ ) and AD ( Latin abrev. for " After the Year of Our Lord " ) , and instead have been using BCE ( Before Common Era " ) and CE ( Common Era ) though other non-Christian motivated abbreviations have also been used by scholars in recent years .
Posted by : Wade MacMorrighan | Jan 22 , 2010 9:58:44 PM
Hate to tell you Brian , but if the bigot label fits , WEAR IT !!
Posted by : Jon | Jan 22 , 2010 10:16:09 PM
" You and I know that millions of decent , loving , law - abiding Americans are being characterized as bigots and haters because we ... blah , blah - blah , blah - blah . "
The only reason that anyone would ever make a statement like that is to stir up animus .
Everything that they do is to ensure that the voters hate us .
And , this kind of self - aggrandizing , rabble - rousing is geared toward instilling a self - righteous piety in the homophobic , hatemongering jihadists .
The , " Well , it 's okay if we hate them , because god has commanded that we hate them , " spiel .
It certainly is one thing to call a bigot a bigot .
It takes hate filled actions to actually earn the title of bigot .
And , that Brian and Maggie revel in the title , suggests that they fully own their hatred .
And email - blasts that are geared at nothing more than stirring up animus , are a pretty good way to exercise that bigotry .
Many of the voters who vote against us may not ordinarily engage in hate - filled , bigoted actions .
They do , nonetheless , allow their personal prejudice to be manipulated by the lies coming from the lying liars at NOM , such that they end up voting against us .
Even if that prejudice is ingrained ( or even subconscious ) to the point that they do n't know that it exists , does not absolve them of the fact that they are exercising their bigotry .
You can't divorce the animus from the fact that your are eliminating rights from decent , loving , law - abiding , mostly upstanding , tax - paying citizens .
PERIOD .
The vote is the animus .
The underlying bias is the animus .
And , that is bigotry .
Posted by : Dick Mills | Jan 22 , 2010 10:26:55 PM
Quoteth , the J - man : " Plus it 's downright absurd to hear their continued suggestion that " I do n't think you are equal in the eyes of the law " is merely a line of " disagreement , " when one view crushes the souls of countless many , while the other brings no real negatives to anyone . "
Totally , bro .!
However , upon secondary post - Prop 8 canvassing by * our* side , in an attempt to change the minds of Prop 8 voters , it was discovered that many people , often religious , were somehow convinced that denying marriage rights to gay people in no way caused ANY demonstrable harm to them .
Well , that was usually until these people actually got to talk with the community that * was * demonstrably harmed and affected by Prop 8 and the protection the automatically comes with " marriage " in civil ( non-religious ) contexts and legalese !
I saw this on some random YouTube vid .
a number of months ago , and never made a further note of it , unfortunately .
Personally , * I 'd* LOVE to learn how , precisely , these people were convinced that banning us from civil marriage caused no demonstrable harm what - so - ever ?
Posted by : Wade MacMorrighan | Jan 22 , 2010 10:42:04 PM
Let 's assume for a moment that NOMers are NOT bigots and haters .
Now let 's ask ourselves :
If they WERE bigots and haters how different would the results of their work look ?
What would NOMers look like if they WERE bigots and haters compared to if they are NOT bigots and haters , as they insist they are not ?
The obvious answer is that their results would be the same , and NOM would look no different at all .
Ergo , they are bigots and haters .
NOM wants to do everything that meets the definitions of bigots and haters , but feel they should be immune from being called what they are .
Posted by : Richard Rush | Jan 22 , 2010 11:08:36 PM
BTW , I have a recommendation for a " theme song " for the Gay community : the solo vers. of " Defying Gravity " from Wicked ! =D I 'm surprised at how many vers . of this track have been produced , recorded and released !
It * is * an awesome tune , and one that * I * would just LOVE to sing in public one day even though it 's almost universally sung by women .
Posted by : Wade MacMorrighan | Jan 22 , 2010 11:30:06 PM
There are a couple of problems with radical anti-gay activist Brown 's assertions .
First of all , nearly 7 million of us Californians voted AGAINST Prop .
8 . Making millions of Californians into " intolerant bigots " " attacking Christians " because we disagree with imposing religious beliefs on everyone else is doing the very same thing he complains about .
Moreover , nobody cares what militant anti-gay activist Brown or NOM believes .
They can " BELIEVE " whatever they want .
The problem which he fails to comprehend is that he / they are trying to impose their religious beliefs on the rest of us .
Believe what you want , but do n't use the government and constitution to make me believe the same thing .
Posted by : Michael | Jan 23 , 2010 3:46:41 AM
If Maggie loves her husband in such a traditional way , why has n't she taken his last name ?
That has been the tradition in the United States of America ever since it was an English colony .
Maggie 's alternative lifestyle , in which she fails to understand that the husband is the head of the household , is a travesty .
Posted by : homer | Jan 23 , 2010 10:17:22 AM
I 've never been quite comfortable calling people a bigot when they are against marriage equality .
When I hear that word , I get an image of foaming at the mouth imbeciles like the KKK or even Fred Phelps ' " God Hate Fags " brigade .
However , this is what REALLY bothers me when organizations like the National Organization * for Marriage * play the victim and complain about being called bigots .
They claim that they strive to make American marriage stronger .
Fine .
But , they do NOTHING to help make marriage stronger .
They have no programs about the divorce rate or marriage counseling ( as far as I 've been able to tell ) .
If you do a search for " divorce " on their website , the only things that come up are in regard to same sex marriage !
They exist solely to prevent gay people of the same gender from entering into a CIVIL marriage .
They should at least be honest with themselves and change their name to THE NATIONAL ORGANIZATION AGAINST SAME SEX MARRIAGE .
And if singling out a group of people by using lies , misinformation and scare tactics to prevent them into entering into a union that is considered to be a civil right is n't bigotry , I do n't know what is !
Posted by : Bearchewtoy75 | Jan 23 , 2010 10:25:01 AM
" They should at least be honest with themselves and change their name to THE NATIONAL ORGANIZATION AGAINST SAME SEX MARRIAGE . "
Not only will they not call themselves that , they have strict instructions on their website telling others to avoid admit that this is truly the goal .
This from their talking points : " Language to avoid at all costs : " Ban same - sex marriage . "
Our base loves this wording .
So do supporters of SSM .
They know it causes us to lose about ten percentage points in polls .
Do n’t use it .
Say we ’re against “ redefining marriage ” or in favor or “ marriage as the union of husband and wife ” NEVER “ banning same - sex marriage . ”
http://www.nationformarriage.org/site/c.omL2KeN0LzH/b.5075687/apps/s/content.asp?ct=4507909
Posted by : G - A - Y | Jan 23 , 2010 11:23:33 AM
Stange that I received a supporting letter from the Log Cabineers happily looking forward to working with Senator - elect Brown ..... One hopes they and GOProud are not holding their respective breaths in anticipation of substantial GOP support ...
The Dems have fallen way short on their promises , but , at least , they are not openly avowed enemies of homosexuality , gay marriage and adoption ..
Posted by : chuckfll | Jan 23 , 2010 2:49:08 PM
I have often wondered why no one has bothered to psychoanalyze Brian Brown and Maggie Srivastav .
Like mass murderers , the CIA should have a profiler detail their psychoses and publish it for all to know .
Why do you have such a hatred against LGBT people Maggie and Brian ?
Is it that you fear your own same - sex attractions have motivated you to hate and fear yourself so much and your fear of society 's disapproval of those feelings that have pushed you into this line of hate profiteering ?
You two are certainly a bunch of religiously motivated pathological liars and have much to ask your god for forgiveness .
I do believe in kharma , and yours is coming back to bite you and yours in the ass .
Posted by : Mykelb | Jan 23 , 2010 9:38:28 PM
@ Michael , dutifully said , " Moreover , nobody cares what militant anti-gay activist Brown or NOM believes .
They can " BELIEVE " whatever they want .
The problem which he fails to comprehend is that he / they are trying to impose their religious beliefs on the rest of us .
Believe what you want , but do n't use the government and constitution to make me believe the same thing . "
Ah , hence the precise definition of Christo - Fascism my friend !
Hmmm ... if ol '
Mags is so offended by being called a " bigot " -- which she and her org * is * !-- than why not label them Christo - Fascists , which is more precise considering their actions ; not to mention more intellectually - based .
let 's see how mags ' tried to defend her from being a fascist in like of the Madisonian Judicial Court structure and the fact that a successful Democracy is * never * supposed to be able to have the authority to vote upon the liberties of a minority .
Hell , maybe even re-educating her ( or , " brainwashing " , as she 's likely call it ) in some simple lessons in High School civics !
Posted by : Wade MacMorrighan | Jan 23 , 2010 10:25:35 PM
J-man , that talking point of theirs is just SICK !
Hmmm ... would LOVE to see someone debating ol '
Mags ion live TV sometimes and use this crap against her !
Hmmm ... I also wonder if they had a hand involved in starting LUV Iowa ?
Got any ideas about how one might check into that ?
* shrugs *
Posted by : Wade MacMorrighan | Jan 23 , 2010 10:58:36 PM
Man , their FAQs are * practically * devoid of any reality , and purposefully intended to confuse people using rhetorical tropes ... especially the religious or those easily swayed by emotions !
It 's simply SICK to watch a bigot attempt to defend their views when , for example , they did n't acknowledge how dangerous it is to write discrimination into the Constitution by way of a popular fascist sect !
Posted by : Wade MacMorrighan | Jan 23 , 2010 11:04:56 PM
BTW , jeremy , how do you DO it -- find the intestinal fortitude to be able to read through each page of their hideous website ?!
I literally made me sick to my stomach ... * sigh * ' Course , I 'm not in a relationship , let alone married , and LUV Iowa wants to stop me !
So , I 'm understandably nervous .
Posted by : Wade MacMorrighan | Jan 23 , 2010 11:29:18 PM
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
G - A-Y Comments Policy
Created by odersky on 2010 - 01 - 21 .
Updated : 2010-01-23 , 00:22
The past couple of years have seen some extended debates on whether Scala is a functional language .
On the one hand , Scala offers essentially all programming constructs typically associated with functional programming and a lot of Scala code is purely functional .
On the other hand quite a few people disagree that Scala is a functional language .
For instance , Robert Fischer writes that Scala is Not a Functional Programming Language and Daniel Spiewak summarizes some of the arguments asking Is Scala Not Functional Enough ?
I 'd like to argue that a good adjective for characterizing Scala is postfunctional :
The essential parts of functional programming were all absorbed into Scala , even if some of the " look - and - feel " is different .
Also , functional programming in Scala is just a ( very important ) part of a larger toolbox .
I see Scala as one of the leaders in a larger trend where functional programming is being progressively absorbed into the mainstream .
This movement is gaining momentum .
For instance , every new version of C# seems to be more functional than its predecessor and even Java might finally acquire closures .
Of course , the addition of closures or type inference does not yet make a functional language , but it 's the trend that counts here .
In arguing that Scala is postfunctional I should first clarify what I mean by a functional language .
There are essentially two definitions in circulation , one narrow and one broad .
The narrow definition is that a functional programming language should permit only pure functions and should not allow side effects .
According to that definition , there are hardly any functional languages in use ; even Haskell has the I/O monad and unsafePerformIO .
So I prefer the broad definition : that a functional language makes programming centered around functions easy and natural .
I think that 's what Scala does , so by that reasoning it should count as a functional language .
To go into more detail , let 's run down a list of features that are typically associated with functional languages .
Functions as first class values : check
Convenient closure syntax : check
List comprehensions : check .
Scala 's for expressions can express lists as well as other monads .
" Curried " function definitions and applications : check
Lazy evaluation : check , in the form of lazy vals and streams .
Pattern matching : check
Tailcall optimization : half check .
Scala automatically optimizes directly recursive tailcalls .
For other calls , there 's the explicit tailcall method which uses a trampolining technique .
Narrowing the focus on statically typed functional languges , there are a few more points :
Powerful generics , including higher - kinded types : check
Type classes : check , they can be modelled by implicit parameters .
Type inference : half check .
Scala has local type inference , which is useful but less powerful than the Hindley / Milner style of inference that 's used in languages like Haskell , ML , and OCaml .
On the other hand , local type inference plays nicer with subtyping .
Do people use it like a functional language ?
Sure they do .
For instance , the Scala compiler sources and Scala libraries are written in a predominantly functional style .
Map , filter , fold are ubiquitous .
Pattern matching is used everywhere .
There are very few mutable variables , and most of them are used in a single - assignment style .
So why do people disagree that Scala is functional ?
The two main reasons seem to be syntax choices and the role of OOP .
Scala feels less functional because its core syntax is largely in the tradition of Java , not Lisp , ML , or Haskell , the three most prominent ancestors of functional language families .
In particular , Scala does not have a different and generally awkward syntax for dereferencing mutable variables and for defining effectful computations .
You might think that 's bad , because it does not sufficiently discourage programmers from staying with their old imperative ways .
That 's a judgement call on what one wants to achieve with a language , which is completely valid to make .
But in this blog post I 'm only interested in characterizing what Scala is , not why it is what it is , or whether it should be something else .
Scala also deviates from some syntactic idioms that are considered typically functional .
For instance , currying is more verbose and much less used than in other functional languages .
Or , there are no algebraic data types , you have to write a sequence of case classes instead .
The other reason why Scala is sometimes discounted as a functional language is because it embraces object - oriented programming instead of rejecting it .
Some functional programmers misunderstand OOP , and think for instance that OOP is inherently tied to mutable state ( to be fair , many publications on OOP are reinforcing that belief ) .
Scala is built on the hypothesis that one can be both functional and object - oriented , and that a lot is to be gained from this combination .
To summarize , if you look at the features Scala provides , it is substantially a functional language , but on the surface it does not always look like one , and it does not force you to adopt the functional style .
For many of its users , the functional programming constructs in Scala are the most important set of tools it has to offer but they are not the only tools .
In fact , great care has been spent in the Scala design to make functional constructs , imperative constructs , and objects all play well together .
I think postfunctional is a good term for that blend .
An interesting comparison is with structured programming .
In the 70s , structured programming was an important new programming style , and languages such a Pascal , Modula , or Ada were created to support this style better than others .
Twenty years later you could have asked whether Java is a structured programming language ?
It has essentially all the features of these earlier languages , even though it looks different .
It also does not have a goto statement .
Does that make Java a structured language ?
Maybe .
In reality it does not matter all that much anymore .
Structured programming has " won ' ' to a degree where almost every language now follows its principles , even if the surface syntax is different .
What 's more , structured control is just one aspect among many others in programming languages today .
I hope that the same will happen to functional programming : that it will be absorbed into the mainstream until people stop thinking of functional programming as a different , novel , or exotic way to code , and use it instead as part of their daily routine .
The same has happened with structured programming and object - oriented programming before .
Functional programming could well be next , so that Scala would be an early example of a new breed of postfunctional languages .
Orange County Newsmaker of the Year , Birther Queen , Attorney , and Dentist Orly Taitz says it is time to begin our armed rebellion !
But her former lover says she is treacherous !
First ,
Orly is outraged that Senator Max Baucus was drunk on the floor of the Senate while 25 terrorists sought to blow up our crotches on airplanes .
What 's that ?
You missed the " Max Baucus was drunk " story ?
That was a fun one in which someone took a clip of Baucus talking on the floor of the senate and retitled it " Senator Max Baucus Drunk / Intoxicated on the Senate Floor " and Drudge linked to it , because apparently he was in his New Years " throw shit at the wall and see what sticks " mode and then it was picked up by actual newspapers and supposedly legitimate news sites across the web , because why not ?
Who cares !
You can literally write any old thing you want , and you need n't even bother to pretend to try to support it with anything , and if certain people are in the mood , it will get picked up .
It is now part of the semi-official mythology of the right , by the way , that Max Baucus was drunk , or is drunk all the time , while speaking on the floor of the Senate , because he kinda talks funny .
It is insane !
Anyway .
Back to Orly !
Orly , esq. , is mad that Homeland Security chief Janet Napolitano ( who was probably born in Mexico ) told us we are " safe " — but how can we be safe when the President is not even American ?
Why did Obama pick as a director of Homeland security one with the worst record ?
What is the real intention of this Kenyan , Indonesian communist usurper ?
Is it to provide security for us or to destroy our security ?
Judge for yourself .
Then Orly literally calls for an armed insurrection .
Which is kinda funny .
But in other Orly news !
Her former " law clerk , " this disbarred attorney named Charles Lincoln , has been bringing the crazy on his own blog .
Lincoln apparently had a falling out with Orly !
They were in love , see .
( Orly is married , btw . )
Lincoln posted a letter he sent Orly .
Then he thought better of it and unposted it , but look at that , there it is , on the internet .
And it has a lot of stuff about how Orly wanted Lincoln to move closer to her office so that they could make love without Orly being too far away from home , and the word " boy toy " is used , and just wow .
And it all ended at 9:56 P.M. on Wednesday , November 4 , 2009 , when Orly said they could not sleep together or have sex anymore :(
( Oh , much of this was covered in a crazy lawsuit some birther filed . )
And then Lincoln continued blogging about how much he was in love with her , but she is crazy and disloyal and treacherous .
That 's what 's up with the birther movement , these days !
58 % of self - identified Republicans claim to believe that Barack Obama was not born in the US , btw .
Since 2006 , the elusive guerrilla artist known as Princess Hijab has been subverting Parisian billboards , to a mixed reception .
Her anonymity irritates her critics , many of whom denounce her as extremist and antifeminist ; when she recently conceded , in the pages of a German newspaper , that she was n't a Muslim , it opened the floodgates to avid speculation in the blogosphere .
If her claim of being a 21 - year - old Muslim girl was only partially true , some wondered what the real message was behind her self - described “ artistic jihad . ”
In her online manifesto , PH declares that she “ acts upon her own free will ” and is “ not involved in any lobby or movement , be it political , religious , or to do with advertising . ”
The Princess insists that , like the ape - masked Guerrilla Girls and Mexico 's balaclava - clad Zapatistas , by being nobody , she is free to be anybody .
But as liberating as this anonymity may seem , it does leave her work open to conflicting — and occasionally unflattering — interpretations .
On the popular blog Art21 , critic Paul Schmelzer points to Princess Hijab 's work as an example of right - wing street art , surmising that her motivation is to cover the “ shame of omnipresent ( and often sexualized ) ads . ”
Another blogger , Evil Fionna , argues that if Princess Hijab were acting as a fundamentalist Christian , her work would be recognized as “ religious extremis[m ] ” that demonizes women and makes them ashamed of their bodies .
And a commentator on the anti-Islam site Infidel Bloggers accused the artist of urging women to submit to the “ tyranny of Islam . ”
These observers also allude to the uncanny similarity between the work of Princess Hijab and that of conservative religious groups that have historically used less literal hijabizing to police the female form .
In Saudi Arabia , the 80 - year - old government agency known as the Committee for the Promotion of Virtue and the Prevention of Vice is tasked with , among other things , blacking out bare skin wherever it shows up .
In line with Sharia law , women in the pages of magazines , on billboards , and in other public images are painstakingly covered up : Katy Perry may be sporting high - waisted hot pants and a tiny top on her cd cover , but once the Committee gets through with it , she 's garbed in a long - sleeved shirt with matching leggings .
( The group , notorious for beating up men and women engaged in “ immoral behavior , ” have also made headlines for banning Valentine 's Day and restricting the sale of cats and dogs , lest they be used by men to attract women 's attention . )
And in the U.K. in 2005 , the activists behind Muslims Against Advertising ( MAAD ) began daubing blobs of paint on the underdressed models in street ads for the likes of Dove and Wonderbra , and in some cases ripping down the posters altogether .
The ongoing conflict over hijabs in her home country does give Princess Hijab 's work an inescapable political context , or what she calls a “ shade of provocation . ”
France 's hijab debates first erupted in 1989 when three high - school girls were suspended after they refused to remove their Islamic headscarves at a school in a suburb of Paris .
Successive years of controversy led to former President Jacques Chirac passing a bill in 2004 banning “ religious symbols ” in schools on the grounds that they clashed with France 's cherished notions of secularization ; more recently , President Nicolas Sarkozy upheld the ban on burqas and headscarves in public spaces , stating , “ The burqa is not a religious symbol , it is a sign of the subjugation , of the submission of women .
I want to say solemnly that it will not be welcome on the territory of the French Republic .
We cannot accept women in cages , amputated of all dignity , on French soil . ”
But Princess
Hijab insists that anyone confusing her work with that of either conservative culture - jammers or Muslims supporting freedom of religious expression is missing the mark .
“ My work supports right - wing radicalism like Taxi Driver support cabbies .
I 'm using the hijab for myself . ”
And looking through her catalog of work , neither label seems right .
If her goal really is to cover up the skin - flashing women in ads , then why leave slinky legs on display underneath the painted - on hijabs ?
And if she 's aiming to make a statement about the dignity of Muslim women , why hijabize male models in Dolce & Gabbana briefs with shoulder - length chadors , leaving their tanned , oiled abs and legs even more preposterously exposed ?
In fact , Princess Hijab asserts , her dressing up of billboards is a symbolic act of resistance meant to reassert a “ physical and mental integrity ” against what she calls the “ visual terrorism ” of advertising .
Arguing that the human right of expression has been displaced by publicists , advertisers , and the machinery of capitalist , commodified culture , she offers that , “ My work explores how something as intimate as the human body has become as distant as a message from your corporate sponsor . ”
“ Like that poster of Farah Fawcett , ” she continues , “ with her teeth clenched in fear above her perfect polyester swimswuit .
When she revealed her cancer , we had to see her and her body as something capable of tragedy .
It 's that sort of re-humanization that I aim for with hijabization . ”
Princess Hijab later admitted that this example , and equating wearing the hijab with physical suffering , was a clumsy one , but wanted the point to stand :
Her work attempts to remove the hijab from its gendered and religious context and convert it into a symbol of empowerment and re-embodiment .
Equally central to her work is the goal of social equality .
She notes that , in France , “ You 're always being asked your origin , which religion you follow .
It 's something that is very French , actually ; you do n't see it in New York or Berlin . ”
Hinting that she is a racial outsider in France , Princess Hijab states that she is never taken at face value , but instead pushed into a homogeneous social group and then judged by a corresponding set of stereotypes .
With stratification by gender , religion , place of origin , and sexuality , she asserts , comes groups that are closed off from one another 's experiences .
Even during her time at university , she recalls her modes of expression being explained away by her origins : “ I would be told [ that it was ] ' natural , ' given my background , that I would work on [ one ] topic and not on another .
I felt trapped . ”
But by highlighting everyone 's potential “ outsider ” status by imposing the hijab on public figures , PH asserts that she is “ trying to create a connection with and between people . ”
Back when Princess Hijab was believed to be a Muslim , blogger Ethar El - Katatney of Muslimah Media Watch noted , “ I 'd actually love it if it turns out she 's not a Muslim , because it lends credibility to the idea that the dislike of being exposed to ' visual aggression ' is not necessarily rooted in religious belief .
Fed up with women being used to sell products , hijabizing ads could be a way to ' take back ' women 's rights to their bodies . ”
Indeed , in Princess Hijab 's marked - up art , the headscarf is an agent not of covering but of exposure — of the oppressive nature of the advertising industry , of the displacement and disempowerment of women who are repeatedly told that they are not good , skinny , beautiful , sexy , or rich enough .
It 's work that owes much more to Adbusters or No Logo than to the Taliban .
Though Princess Hijab's work has gained international notice , like much street art it still actively resists a simplistic reading .
And that she uses such a contested icon to wreak artistic revenge on the dual constructs of advertising and social prejudice means her work is ultimately as much about the interpretation of others as it is about her own intent .
“ People are confused by me , ” admits PH .
“ Some say I am pro-feminist , some say I am antifeminist ; some say I am pro-Islam , others that I am anti-Islam .
It 's all very interesting — but at the end of the day , I am above all an artist . ”
Arwa Aburawa is a freelance journalist based in the United Kingdom .
If things run on schedule , Mr. Obama will announce tomorrow that he and his organization will be sending approximately 34,000 more U.S. troops to harass and sometimes kill men , women and children ( as “ collateral damage ” ) in Afghanistan .
And then he has to sell his unpopular decision .
If previous statements are any guide , his main excuse will be “ We have to deny al ’ Qaeda ‘ safe haven ’ . ”
Question : “ If you believe the official mythology ,
1 . “ In what country did the 911 al ’ Qaeda pilots get ‘ safe haven ‘ to train ?
2 . “ In what country did the Madrid train bombers get ‘ safe haven ‘ to prepare ?
3 . “ In what country did the London bombers get ‘ safe haven ‘ ? ”
HINT : It ’s NOT Afghanistan .
The answers to the three questions are :
1. U.S.A .
2. Spain
3. England
How many troops will Mr. Obama send to THESE terrorist states to deny al ’ Qaeda ‘ safe haven ? ’
By way of context , there are approximately 193 countries in the world , each of which can supply al ’ Qaeda with equivalent ‘ safe haven . ’
According to CIA and military intelligence sources , currently there are n’t 100 al ’ Qaeda operatives in all of Afghanistan .
So , Mr. Obama , what are your other excuses ?
Is hip - hop a crime ?
The United States Army certainly believes it can be , and that ’s just what landed Spc. Marc Hall , of Fort Stewart , Georgia , behind bars on December 11 , 2009 .
The Army ’s reason : Hall ’s track “ Stop Loss ” was determined to contain “ threats ” against fellow soldiers .
Under the name “ Marc Watercus , ” Hall rhymed :
ADVERTISEMENT
Like Obama says somebody be held responsible
But some of you all gonna be held in the hospitals , whenever possible
I ’m gonna round up all eventually , easily , walk right up peacefully
And surprise them all Yes , yes y’all , up against the wall , turn around
I got a motherfuckin ’ magazine with 30 rounds , on a three round burst
Ready to fire down , spray and watch the bodies all hit the floor
I bet you do n’t stop - loss nobody no more ,
in your next lifetime of course
Listen to the full track here ( MP3 ) .
Hall is in an Arlington , Virginia jail after being charged with a violation of Article 134 , which governs “ all disorders and neglects to the prejudice of good order and discipline in the armed forces , all conduct of a nature to bring discredit upon the armed forces , and crimes and offenses not capital , ” according to the Uniform Code of Military Justice .
“ Another count accuses him of distributing ‘ original songs wrongfully threatening acts of violence against members of his unit , ' ” military publication Stars and Stripes added .
“ Hall reportedly mailed a copy of the song to the Pentagon after receiving his stop - loss orders over the summer .
The song , posted on Hall ’s personal Web site , does not name anyone specifically . ”
“ Hall planned to leave the military at the end of his contract on February 27 , before his commander , Captain Cross at Fort Stewart , moved to have him incarcerated for the song , ” Dahr Jamail wrote on the political blog t r u t h o u t .
“ The military currently intends to keep Hall in pre-trial confinement until he is court - martialed , which is expected to be several months from now . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Here ’s someone who ’s put it into a song and sent it out to everybody , everybody knows it , so it really was political speech , ” explained Hall ’s lawyer , Washington , D.C. - based James Klimaski , according to local media .
“ I mean , it ’s hyperbole , it ’s not real .
Nobody can expect that . ”
Hall ’s attorney further characterized the language as a “ generalized threat , ” therefore not a criminal offense .
Klimaski also claimed his client “ [ understands ] the Army ’s concerns , particularly in light of the shooting at Fort Hood in November , but stressed [ Hall ] was merely exercising his right to freedom of speech , ” according to Georgia newspaper The Coastal Courrier .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Music is a powerful means of communication but I do n’t think it ’s going to destroy the American military , particularly this one song , ” Klimaski reportedly added .
Hall and his supporters have raised a Web site to promote his advocacy against the stop - loss policy .
AWOL soldier support group Courage to Resist is raising funds for Hall ’s legal defense and activist group Iraq Veterans Against the War is also urging its members to support Hall with calls and letters of protest against his imprisonment .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ The chain of command has a legal obligation to the citizens of the United States to investigate and deal fairly with SPC Hall ’s alleged misconduct , ” Kevin Larson , a military spokesman at Fort Stewart , told Stars and Stripes .
“ Anything less would be irresponsible to our citizens and soldiers . ”
This video was broadcast by Russia Today on Dec. 30 , 2009 .
Several of my friends and acquaintances that follow MyWifeQuitHerJob.com find it hard to believe that our online wedding linens business can possibly make 100 thousand dollars a year in profits for selling to such a tiny niche .
And they are correct .
We do n’t make 100 K a year .
We make much more than that now that our business has expanded and we are more established .
Photo by Borman818
While a six figure profit number might seem like a lot of money at first , getting to 100 K a year is actually not an insurmountable task when you look at the number in smaller , more manageable pieces .
In fact , my wife and I initially chose 100 K to be our profit goal for the first year because we felt that it was a number we could actually hit .
That , and 100 K per year was roughly the salary that my wife left behind when she quit her day job .
The key when trying to achieve any large goal is to sit down and break the problem down into smaller chunks and assign a monetary strategy to each piece .
Breaking a large problem down helps for two reasons .
One , seeing a smaller problem will provide you with the confidence to succeed .
Two , dealing with smaller pieces will allow you to make consistent progress .
For my wife and I , we broke the 100 K number down to a series of daily monetary goals and managed to meet our initial profit target in a little over a year .
Get My Free Mini Course On How To Start A Successful Ecommerce Store
If you are interested in starting an ecommerce business , I put together a comprehensive package of resources that will help you launch your own online store from complete scratch .
Be sure to grab it before you leave !
Click Here To Download
Dissecting Six Figures
At the heart of it all , making 100 K a year means that you need to make approximately $ 8333 a month .
Assuming 30 days in a month , that means you only have to make roughly $ 278 dollars a day in order to hit the magical six figures mark .
How achievable making $ 278 per day is will depend on your average profit per transaction .
After doing some back of the envelope calculations and some initial trial sales on Ebay , my wife and I estimated that our average profit per sale for our online wedding linens store would be roughly 50 dollars which meant that we only needed to complete 6 orders a day to reach 100K .
Thinking about it this way , 278 dollars a day did n’t sound like a scary number at all .
So with this goal in mind , my wife and I devised ways to hit 6 orders a day as quickly and as easily as possible .
Forum Marketing
The first thing that came to mind was that I could infiltrate and immerse myself in some of the wedding based forums out there .
Thousands of would be brides congregate at places like the wedding channel and the knot forums .
If I could take the time and ingrain myself within the community , I could drum up some consistent business by pitching our products directly to our target audience .
After getting banned several times from these wedding forums , I finally got the hang of it and discovered that I needed to be more clever when marketing on the forums because the system administrators did not tolerate any sort of self promotion .
I found that by being genuine and helpful to these would be brides , I could occasionally slip a few subtle recommendations and not make it seem like an outright sales pitch for our online business .
Early on , we used this tactic extensively to drum up a few orders a day and establish some word of mouth .
We Used Adwords
If you are starting a website from complete scratch , it can take a good amount of time to get indexed into the search engines .
And what happens more often than not is that your website will sit in the Google sandbox for an extended period before it is released to the general index .
Fortunately if you have the budget , you can buy extremely targeted clicks directly from Google using AdWords .
Using a fairly intuitive interface , you can create a simple online advertisement in under 10 minutes and have it show up immediately in the search engines .
Looking back , most of our early business came from Adwords .
I also remember that in the beginning , we actually spent more on Adwords than we were making in revenues .
But gradually over time , we managed to filter out the non profitable keywords from our account and soon we were turning a massive profit from Adwords advertising alone .
Adwords works !
It really does .
In fact , I think that during our first year when our adwords budget was pretty low , we still managed to make about 4 sales day which cost us roughly 5 bucks per conversion .
We Solicited Testimonials
Once we got prospective customers on our website , it was crucial to have them feel confident shopping at our store .
So early on , we gave free product away to our friends and acquaintances and had them provide us with their reviews .
In addition , we also sold some of our hankies on Ebay and used the Ebay feedback as testimonials as well .
By placing our testimonials prominently on the front page for everyone to see , it made our prospective customers confident that we could deliver quality product on time .
The combination of having a clean looking website and great testimonials along with decent amounts of adwords and wedding forum traffic , we managed to well exceed our 6 order a day quota to make 100 K during our first year of business .
We Targeted Wedding Planners
The final boost to our revenues that allowed us to hit 100K was that we gave wedding and event planners special treatment .
We went through the internet and contacted these planners directly and offered discounts on bulk purchases of our products .
While this tactic was hit or miss , when we did manage to lock in a wedding planner , it was usually for a large sum of money .
In some cases , one order from an event planner exceeded over 5 - 7 x what a typical day ’s income would be .
100K Is Within Your Reach
If you take the time to think about it , making 100 K a year with your online business is well within your reach .
The key is to have a gameplan on how to get there .
By breaking down your earnings goal to a daily value , you can plan ahead and figure out how you are going to make your numbers .
Using this guideline will also allow you to figure out early on whether your business idea is even viable and whether you need to raise prices as well .
Ready To Get Serious About Starting An Online Business ?
If you are really considering starting your own online business , then you have to check out my free mini course on How To Create A Niche Online Store In 5 Easy Steps .
In this 6 day mini course , I reveal the steps that my wife and I took to earn 100 thousand dollars in the span of just a year .
Best of all , it 's free and you 'll receive weekly ecommerce tips and strategies !
Note :
This post above may contain affiliate links , which means that I may receive a commission if you make a purchase when clicking a link .
Please consult our privacy policy for more information .
Have you read these ?
Left : the NY Times image ; Right : the original image
By yesterday evening the Paper of Record published not one , but two takedowns of women — somewhat unsurprisingly , both centered around weight and penned by the fairer sex .
The stage for the scrutiny was the Golden Globes red carpet , which many an actress strolled down on Sunday night .
The first piece , written by Andy Port ( yes , a woman ) , declares that Jennifer Aniston , Courtney Cox and workout queen Kate Hudson have all " put on a little weight . "
Though she says they are " sporting sexier curves " she then goes on to say it 's concentrated in their upper arms .
Then , Cathy Horyn decides to take down the gorgeous Christina Hendricks — the Mad Men actress known for her sexy curves ... which are decidedly not concentrated in her upper arms .
In her piece she writes , " Not pretty Christina Hendricks in Christian Siriano ’s exploding ruffle dress .
( As one stylist said , ' You do n’t put a big girl in a big dress . ' ) "
Whether you agree or disagree ( you disagree , right ? ) , it should be noted that the photo running with Horyn 's piece was most definitely distorted , possibly to ( falsely ) illustrate her " point . "
Check out the side - by - sides above .
We 've contacted Horyn for comment and we 'll update when we hear back .
The NY Times has now replaced the image , saying : " The photo was slightly distorted inadvertently due to an error during routine processing . "
Take that for what it 's worth .
This is a screenshot taken prior to the replacement .
Hundreds of endangered sea turtles were released back into the Atlantic ocean yesterday after the temperature in Florida rose back to its seasonal norms .
Officials had rescued nearly 3,000 turtles from the sea , lagoons and rivers over the past week as air temperatures plunged to between 0C and 4C along the coast .
The unseasonably chilly weather had left the turtles , which weigh up to 180kg , stunned and largely motionless – the perfect prey for predators .
After a week of treatment – soakings in heated pools and oxygen therapy – they were released back into the wild by the truckload .
An on -ice racial slur by an Oakville high school male hockey player has prompted the school 's principal to shut down the team for the season .
The Thomas A. Blakelock Tigers will not skate for the remainder of the 2009 - 10 Halton Secondary School Athletic Association ( HSSAA ) season after the player directed a discriminatory slur against a player of Middle Eastern heritage on the Milton District Mustangs on Dec. 16 .
Blakelock won the league game , 3 - 1 .
" If that is the chemistry of the team and if we can't make it right ... we shut it down , " said T.A. Blakelock principal Kevin Caughlin , who made the decision about pulling the team after consulting with head coach Ken Butler and physical education department head Pam Bovey .
" I understand it 's an emotional game .
But race , sexual orientation or any other harassment is not part of the game . "
Caughlin said he 's never shut down a team before , but the racial slur came after another incident of " inappropriate behaviour " on the team .
In the first case , three players were booted off the team .
" In this case the majority of the kids on the team are good , " he said .
" There was a code of conduct and the expectation if an athlete wants to be an ambassador of the school . "
Prior to the season , Blakelock was n't expected to have a team because of a shortage of players .
In the first half of the season , the Tigers were involved in a number of on - ice altercations .
When the team was pulled , before league realignment , the Tigers were 4 - 5 - 1 .
The HSSAA is also investigating the incident .
Blakelock , which was a Halton finalist in 2006 and 2007 , is expected to resume play next season .
A recent Star investigation , based on Greater Toronto Hockey League penalty and suspension data , showed incidents of " discriminatory slurs " have increased 10 - fold in the past three years .
In the 2006 - 07 season there were only nine penalties called all season for discriminatory slurs .
Two years ago there were 47 .
Last year : 96 .
In one case , a 14 - year - old labelled an opposing player with this verbal attack : " Should n't you be out blowing up buildings or something ? "
The player had 15 major penalties since 2003 and was assessed a three - game suspension .
In a GTHL game featuring 16 - year - olds last January , a Toronto Avalanche player called the opposing goaltender a " dumb f--- ing Jew , " according to a league investigation report on the incident .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
It was the aggressor 's 14th major penalty between 2005 and 2008 .
He received a three - game suspension – the league 's standard response to the offence .
With files from Lois Kalchman
As I mentioned in an earlier post , I attended the first few days of the American Astronomical Society meeting this week .
I went as a member of the press , as I have for the past few years .
The press room is a fun place ; lots of old friends , banter across the table , and , of course , the press releases .
I had a stack in my mailbox , so I poked through them .
One in particular caught my eye .
And how could it not ?
In oversized , bold print the headline ran : " THE LONG OVERDUE RECURRENT NOVA T PYXIDIS : SOON TO BE A TYPE Ia SUPERNOVA ? "
Hmmm .
Recurrent novae are binary systems , where a dense white dwarf is stealing matter from its companion .
The matter piles up , and eventually detonates , causing a huge flash of light ( that 's the nova part ) .
After time , the system settles down , the matter starts piling up , and the cycle starts again ( that 's the recurrent part ) .
Lots of recurrent novae are known , and are fairly well understood .
T Pyxidis is a fairly regular nova , blowing its lid every 20 years or so .
It 's currently overdue , since the last event was in 1967 .
Using ultraviolet observations and new models of the system , astronomer Edward Sion and his team concluded it may actually explode soon as a supernova , an event far more energetic than a mere nova .
Worse , their models indicate the system is " much closer " than previously thought : about 3300 light years away .
In the last paragraph of their press release , it says :
An interesting , if a bit scary , speculative sidelight is that if a Type Ia supernova explosion occurs within [ that distance ] of Earth , then the gamma radiation emitted by the supernova would fry the Earth , dumping as much gamma radiation ( ~100,000 erg / square centimeter ) into our planet [ sic ] , which is equivalent to the gamma ray input of 1000 solar flares simultaneously .
AIIIIEEEEE !!!
We 're all gonna die !
Hubble 's view of T Pyxidis from 1997 , showing a shell of expanding matter from an earlier eruption .
Ahem .
Except , really , no .
I rolled my eyes when I read that bit .
A Type Ia does put out more high - energy radiation than a Type II supernova , which is caused when a massive star 's core collapses and the outer layers are ejected .
That 's what most people think of when they hear about a supernova .
Those have to be really close to hurt us , certainly closer than 25 light years .
But even with their added power , a Type Ia just does n't have the oomph needed to destroy our ozone layer ( as the press release indicates ) from 3300 light years away .
It would have to be far closer than that .
I missed that press conference , but oh , how I wish I had been there !
My friend Ian O'Neill was able to track down some details , and found out that astronomers ( including another friend , Alex Filippenko , who is an expert 's expert on supernovae ) at the meeting took Sion to task for this claim .
It looks like Sion used the wrong numbers for the gamma ray emission for a Type Ia event , instead using the emission from a gamma-ray burst ... a far , far , far more energetic event , and dangerous from several thousand light years away .
I do n't generally have too big an issue with a scientist getting a number wrong , but it depends on the circumstance .
Issuing a press release saying , essentially , we 're all gonna die means they should do some due diligence .
And in this specific case -- they used the phrase " fry the Earth " for Pete 's sake ! -- means I am less willing to cut them slack .
People get scared from stuff like this , and it 's simply wrong to feed that fire without making really sure you have your numbers straight first .
I 'll note that scientists tend not to write press releases , and it can be hard to rein in the PR author if they are not that familiar with the science ( which I 've seen many times ) .
But even if the numbers in the PR were correct , the phrasing of that last paragraph is unacceptable .
Whoever wrote the release should have known the media would zero in on that phrase .
Ian O'Neil , in his post at Discovery News , points out The Daily Telegraph did just that , printing an article with the headline , " Earth ' to be wiped out ' by supernova explosion " .
The UK paper The Sun -- which is so awful fish complain when you wrap them in it -- had a similar article with the tagline , " A star primed to explode in a blast that could wipe out the Earth was revealed by astronomers yesterday . "
Sheesh .
It 's too bad .
There was no need to disaster - porn this release up the way it was done .
Recurrent novae and Type Ia supernovae are fascinating , well worth our attention for any number of reasons including of course their potential danger .
But it 's a not - too - fine line between piquing interest and tarting up the science .
Artwork credits : Casey Reed , Dana Berry .
Hey , remember the reality - impaired guy in Colorado who claims to have a really amazingly cool video of an alien peeping Tom but wo n't show it to anybody and also claims that Aliens Are Among Us and that we need To Take All This Very Seriously ?
No ?
Well , maybe this will remind you , or this .
So yeah , Jeff Peckman is in the news again : he 's collected enough signatures in Denver to get a ballot initiative up for vote , enabling the creation of a Denver Extraterrestrial Affairs Commission .
Yes , an actual commission to investigate UFOs .
Now , I 'm not going to say this would be a complete and utter waste of money ... oh wait !
Yes I am .
Sadly , since he did get enough signatures , this will go to the citizens of Denver to vote on .
He claims he can fund this 7 member commission using private grants and it wo n't cost the government anything , but that 's ridiculous : just having them testify to the government , heck , just setting up the vote , will cost money ( $ 100,000 according to the article linked above ) .
Not to mention the colossal waste of time .
Oh wait !
I mentioned that too !
Anyway , my mocking here is complete ( unless Denver actually votes this thing up ) , so I will relegate you to the tender mercies of one Karen Stollznow , an ex-pat Australian Skepchick who is far less polite than I am about all this , if you can imagine .
But , I wonder : if this commission does get set up , will they take people from Boulder ?
Hmmmm .
Following with the trend of trying to shoehorn the dubious Iraq War strategy onto Afghanistan , the US Army says that it intends to copy its prison strategy from Iraq in Afghanistan .
Brigadier General Quantock touted the Iraqi prison system as a great success , citing the relatively small percentage of released detainees who were re-captured .
It may come as a considerable surprise that the general considers America ’s prison strategy in Iraq such an unabashed success , particularly since it was n’t that long ago that they were scrambling to reform the disastrous system .
And in fact , the recidivism numbers cited are misleading , as one of the most common complaints was that the US tactic of mass arrests had led many innocent people into the prison system simply for being near a militant attack and eventually released without ever being charged with any crimes .
Moreover , Iraq ’s police have long complained that the US detention system , with its brutal reputation , amounts to a series of “ terrorist factories ” where innocent detainees and petty criminals are radicalized .
Brig .
Gen . Quantock dismissed these claims and was quick to lay the blame on Iraq ’s legal system .
Yet if this is a problem in Iraq and will be doubly so in Afghanistan , one of the most corrupt and lawless nations on the planet .
The next Star Trek film has ditched the time - traveling plot line , and now writers Alex Kurtzman and Roberto Orci have announced that the sequel will revolve around its villain .
But who will put this new crew to the test ?
Advertisement
Now that Paramount has announced the release date for their second Star Trek , set for June 29th , 2012 , the tight - lipped Kurtzman and Orci are starting to speak out a bit more .
They 're still not saying whether Khan turns up in the new film , but at least they 're admitting they need a villain who can carry the film .
Coventry Telegraph Geek Files reports from a Q&A with the writers with an update on the next film .
Advertisement
Addressing the rumors that the next film will be a remake of The Wrath of Khan , Orci nipped the idea in the butt :
" We would never do a remake … it will be some time in the five - year mission .
But that is a question .
Should we pick them up immediately the next day or should it be later ?
We are still discussing that . "
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Kurtzman adds that the villain will be the most important part of the sequel :
I think our idea on this is that the first of any series is about them coming together or the formation .
I could n't really tell you what Jeff Bridges was doing in Iron Man , but it does n't matter at all because it is all about Iron Man becoming Iron Man .
Whereas I think sequels are very much about the villain .
Because while [ in the first film ] the villain serves to bring the crew together , the second one I think has to be a true challenging of what that family is about .
That is why Wrath of Khan was so amazing .
Khan tested each one of them and ultimately asked for the [ ultimate ] sacrifice , and that is why that movie held up so well .
Advertisement
What evil character within the Star Trek universe would you like to see if Khan does n't make it into the sequel ?
Scores of evangelical Christians gathered this week for their regular Wednesday night prayer service at the River of Life Christian Church ’s sprawling complex in Santa Clara , closing their eyes and opening their palms skyward as they rocked back and forth to soaring hymns .
The 10 - acre lot just off the Bayshore Freeway where they prayed is the home base of one of the largest Chinese Christian churches in North America .
River of Life has more than 2,400 local members and 10,000 more worldwide  up from 70 in 1995 , said its pastor , Tong Liu .
Waves of immigrants from Taiwan , Hong Kong and mainland China have filled its pews , while transforming cities like Santa Clara and Cupertino .
The increase in conservative evangelical churches in Chinese immigrant communities has had reverberations well beyond the liberal confines of Silicon Valley and the Bay Area .
And no political issue has transfixed this group ’s attention like same - sex marriage .
It is no coincidence that Cupertino , where census estimates show that one person in four is Chinese ( up from one person in 30 three decades ago ) , was also the site of one of the biggest Bay Area rallies supporting Proposition 8 , the ballot measure that banned same - sex marriage in 2008 .
But this month the little - noticed but burgeoning world of evangelical Chinese Christianity in the Bay Area has become the backdrop for crucial arguments in the federal trial in San Francisco challenging the constitutionality of the ban on gay marriage .
( Natural News )
The desire to lose weight has led many overweight people to undergo risky procedures in order to shed pounds quickly .
Rather than altering their diets and exercising more , a growing segment of the extremely obese population is choosing weight loss surgery instead , a decision that for some ends up costing them their lives .
Bariatric surgery , a procedure that involves the removal of a portion of the stomach in order to reduce appetite and eliminate weight , is becoming increasingly popular as more and more people become obese .
Over the past 20 years , the obesity rate among children and teenagers has tripled .
Since 2007 , the number of people who opt for bariatric surgery to deal with their obesity has more than doubled .
Dr. Anoop Misra , Director of the Department of Diabetes and Metabolic Diseases at Fortis Hospital in Delhi , India , notes that the risks associated with bariatric surgerycan be reduced if proper guidelines are followed .
However doctors are increasingly prescribing the surgery to people who do not meet the criteria , he says , which puts those people in danger .
In India , several people have died in the last few years after receiving bariatric surgery .
One girl died of a heart attack just a week after her surgery while several others died a couple months after theirs .
Dr. Misra believes that both prospective patients and their doctors are failing to properly ascertain the risks involved with the surgery , leading to needless deaths .
The New York University Medical Center describes bariatric surgery as a last resort option when all other options have been tried .
According to experts at the Center , gastric bypass surgery has a one percent mortality rate in those who choose to undergo it .
The Center recommends investigating alternative procedures if lifestyle changes do not work , strongly urging those who ultimately decide to go with weight loss surgery to make sure they have considered the high risk nature of the procedure first .
In other words , the procedure is extremely risky and patients must choose to receive it at their own risk .
Many of the people who look into getting weight loss surgery are merely looking for an easier way to lose weight .
While some people have achieved such behemoth proportions that surgery may be their only route , many moderately obese people see surgery as a quick shortcut to shrinking their waistlines .
For most people , changing their dietary habits and exercising regularly is still the best way to lose weight and maintain vibrant health .
Sources for this story include : http://www.dnaindia.com/india/report_weight-...
Ever heard the phrase “ Those who ca n’t do , teach ” ?
At the Bowery Poetry Club , slam poet Taylor Mali begs to differ , and delivers a powerful , 3 - minute response on behalf of educators everywhere .
[ Via TED ]
Maria Floor :
Listening Floor , Dubstep , Cosmic , Electro , Beats , Sitzgelegenheiten !!
22:00 – 23:30 Jenne & Jeff Pils
23:30 – 01:00 Mo & El Puma
01:00 – 02:00 Xaver Naudascher
02:00 – 02:30 Khan ( live )
02:30 – 03:15 Plastique de Rève
03:15 – 04:00 Suzi Wong
ab 04:00 B. Side feat .
Yaneq Josef Floor :
House & Techno , Nebel und Strobo 22:00 – 23:30 Silvio & Pick’n Roll
23:30 – 01:00 Marc FM & Zepezauer
01:00 – 02:00 Acid Maria
02:00 – 03:00 Mitte Karaoke
03:00 – 04:00 Andi Teichmann
04:00 – 05:00 Strobocop
ab 5:00 Maciej & Acid Boys
Suzi
Wong hat noch schnell , bevor sie jetzt ganz schnell wieder gesund wird ( GUTE BESSERUNG ! ) noch einen schönen Timetable gebastelt .
Die Veranstaltung findet im kuscheligen Josef als Dancefloor und jetzt doch in der Maria im großen Raum statt … aber haaaaaaaalt .
Der große Raum wird zum Chill Out / Lounge Raum .
Das heißt nicht , dass dort nicht auch getanzt werden kann aber muss nicht .
Tanith hatte vor einiger Zeit auch schon in einem Blogpost ( welch passender Titel ) : „ Die größten Leichen , die die Technoszene im Keller hat “ darüber geschrieben : „ Als weitere Leiche im Keller im Sinne der verlorenen oder verpassten Chancen empfinde ich die Wegrationalisierung des Chilloutraums … … „
Aber lest selber : hier
Suzis Mail :
Liebe Warmtanzen Künstler ,
hier kommt nun endlich der Timetable für nächste Woche Montag Warmtanzen .
Ich hoffe es ist alles in Eurem Sinne !
Es war nicht leicht 19 verschiedene DJs , darunter auch einige DJ Teams , in 14 zur Verfügung stehende Stunden aufzuteilen .
Dazu musste leider etwas gerafft werden …
Bitte habt Nachsicht , dass nicht jede/r ganz lange in der Primetime spielen kann !!!
Noch mal kurz zum NEUEN Raum - und Musik Konzept :
Maria Floor
Da wir so gutes Feedback und auch hervorragende Werbung bekommen haben und es dazu auch Probleme mit einer PA für den Jesus Club gab , haben Ben und ich entschieden , den großen Floor der Maria mit einzubeziehen und ihn zum Listening Floor zu machen .
Hier soll also kein Techno , sondern Dubstep , Chansons , Electro , Ambient , Space Disco , Cosmic , Chill , Breaks usw .
laufen .
Wir haben ausgemacht , dass die Tanzfläche optisch verkleinert wird und es viele Sitzgelegenheiten geben wird .
Weiterer Vorteil dieser Veränderung : wir werden mehrere VJs haben , die dort ihre Kunst zur Musik präsentieren werden – also alles ganz im Sinner der guten alten Chill Out Räume oder Lounges .
Ich bitte deswegen alle DJs die dort spielen , dieses Konzept auch in ihrer Musikauswahl zu berücksichtigen ! 😉
Josef Floor
Der Josef Floor soll der House & Techno Dancefloor sein und wird deswegen so weit es geht ausgeräumt .
Dazu gibt es , zu meiner großen Freude : Strobo und Nebel !!!!!
Also Leute , haut auf die Teller , was ihr schon immer mal wieder raufhauen wolltet .
Rave on und so ! 😉
Liebe Grüße und ich vermute , ich werde dann jetzt mal kurz krank …
Suzi
Living without Eating or Drinking
I think I ’ve already mentioned that America ’s foremost movie critic has now become one of its foremost blogger .
Roger Ebert has lost the ability to speak ( thus ending his TV appearance ) , but he also has lost his ability to use his mouth to eat and drink .
( Apparently he is still able to be fed in some other unnamed way ) .
So that ’s what ’s sad about not eating .
The loss of dining , not the loss of food .
It may be personal , but for , unless I ’m alone , it does n’t involve dinner if it does n’t involve talking .
The food and drink I can do without easily .
The jokes , gossip , laughs , arguments and shared memories I miss .
Sentences beginning with the words , " Remember that time ? "
I ran in crowds where anyone was likely to break out in a poetry recitation at any time .
Me too .
But not me anymore .
So yes , it ’s sad .
Maybe that ’s why I enjoy this blog .
You do n’t realize it , but we ’re at dinner right now .
See also Helen Keller ’s essay Three Days to See and my essay The Seeing See Little .
The Defense Department needs to get better at lying and fooling people about its intentions .
That 's the conclusion from an influential Pentagon panel , the Defense Science Board ( DSB ) , which recommends that the military and intelligence communities join in a new agency devoted to " strategic surprise / deception . "
Tricking battlefield opponents has been a part of war since guys started beating each other with bones and sticks .
But these days , such moves are harder to pull off , the DSB notes in a January report ( . pdf ) first unearthed by * * InsideDefense.com .
" In an era of ubiquitous information access , anonymous leaks and public demands for transparency , deception operations are extraordinarily difficult .
Nevertheless , successful strategic deception has in the past provided the United States with significant advantages that translated into operational and tactical success .
Successful deception also minimizes U.S. vulnerabilities , while simultaneously setting conditions to surprise adversaries . "
The U.S. can't wait until it's at war with a particular country or group before engaging in this strategic trickery , however .
" Deception cannot succeed in wartime without developing theory and doctrine in peacetime , " according to the DSB .
" In order to mitigate or impart surprise , the United States should [ begin ] deception planning and action prior to the need for military operations . "
Doing that will not only requires an " understanding the enemy culture , standing beliefs , and intelligence - gathering process and decision cycle , as well as the soundness of its operational and tactical doctrine , " the DSB adds .
Deception is also " reliant ... on the close control of information , running agents ( and double - agents ) and creating stories that adversaries will readily believe . "
Such wholesale obfuscation can't be done on an ad - hoc basis , or by a loose coalition of existing agencies .
The DSB writes that " to be effective , a permanent standing office with strong professional intelligence and operational expertise needs to be established . "
I wonder : what would you call that organization ?
The Military Deception Agency ?
Or something a bit more ... deceptive ?
Photo : Matthileo / Flickr
Well this is nifty .
You get a crappy old bike ( you could probably just buy one from a junk yard for $ 5 or something ) , you get
an old ( but still in good working order ) weedeater engine , and you get ready to get your hands dirty and scrape your knuckles .
Also , it seems like you do need access to a minimal amount of tools , and a machine shop would be even better , though I ’m sure the truly determined amongst you could make this work in your garage with
just some hand tools , drill , and maybe a dremel tool .
Check this out .
First , a few tips
V - frame bicycles , such as cruisers , work the best because they will be the most likely to have the necessary space for the engine so you can mount it without requiring drilling or custom adapter plates .
The easiest thing to do is to purchase a bicycle engine kit like this one instead of trying to build everything from scratch , but of course doing it all by scratch is not only easier but much more challenging and therefore rewarding for those who can do it .
If you ca n’t do
the necessary machining and you know you ca n’t do the necessary machining , then there ’s nothing wrong whatsoever with just getting the kit .
The kit will come with everything you need including : the motor ( 5 - 6 HP ) , exhaust pipe , chain , chain guard , bearings , tooth sprocket , etc .
instead of trying to build everything from scratch , but of course doing it all by scratch is not only easier but much more challenging and therefore rewarding for those who can do it .
If you ca n’t do Take your time and do everything properly , you do n’t want this thing blowing up or throwing the chain at 30 MPH with you on it .
What to do
Additional Resources and Further Reading
Here ’s an entire forum devoted to motorized bicycling , that ’s the first place I ’d head if I wanted more help .
The guy who did the video above is just bad ass , you ’ve got to check out his YouTube channel , he ’s got all kinds of good shit on there
Cupertino , CA - Worried that details of their new tablet would leak before the scheduled media event , Steve Jobs took to the podium at a hastily arranged press conference to announce the iPill tablet from Apple .
Many tech pundits have speculated a tablet computing product would be announced , however , Jobs revealed that Apple was entering the pharmaceutical delivery market .
Jobs did not say what , if any , medicines the iPill contained , but he did give a hint when he said , " While the iPill only comes in one color before you take it , you 'll be seeing a lot of colors after you take it , and some of them will be talking to you . "
This comment has led to speculation that the iPill contains a hallucinogenic concoction created from extracts of Jobs ' bodily fluids .
As with all Apple products , the iPill is gorgeous .
" No square corners to get caught on your throat or anus and absolutely no buttons , " said Jobs .
" The brushed metal lubri-coating allows for easy swallowing or insertion . "
Reporters and bloggers were thoroughly confused .
" I was expecting a 10 inch tablet , not a 10 mm one , " said Randy Windhard from TechMonkeyJunkie.com .
" I love it though , and can't wait to take my medicine from Apple . "
Others were not so sanguine , " Consumers are used to taking it up the ass from Apple , but this is ridiculous , " said Peter Franklin from dudewhohateseverythingapple.me.com .
The iPill will be available for $ 599 without a doctor 's prescription directly from Apple , or $ 199 with a prescription from one of Apple 's Medical Geniuses in Mexico .
Story Options : Related Share Print
is somewhere for me to share photos of anything unusual I discover ...
A couple of days ago I found this in the house .
Can you identify what it is ? :-)
All guesses will be kept in the moderation queue to give e...
Copyright
The photos on Photo Curios are copyright and must not be copied , distributed , republished or reproduced .
There 's a small fee if you wish to use a photo .
Please contact me for further details .
Dennis Santiago of Institutional Risk Analytics reports that in the first seven days of the joint IRA / Huffington Post / Roosevelt Institute Move Your Money campaign , about 340,000 people searched 16,631 zip codes to find community banks in their neighborhoods that are rated healthy by IRA .
Well , maybe not 340,000 people — 340,000 searches .
I know I searched the 02130 zip code twice yesterday , so that skewed things .
Now I ’ve just searched 10024 , my current home zip code in Manhattan .
Turns out I ’d have to travel 60 blocks to deposit my money .
No thanks .
But in metropolitan Boston , which lost its last really big local bank when Bank of America gobbled up FleetBoston in 2004 , there appear to be IRA - approved community banks on every corner .
And I ’m pretty sure that , once we figure out where we ’re going to live up there , we will keep our cash with ( and probably get our mortgage from ) the likes of Cambridge Trust or Wainwright Bank or People ’s Federal Savings Bank .
Not because I think the Big Four banks are evil , but because I ’m pretty sure we ’ll get a better deal and much better service from one of the small guys .
And that ’s really what ’s useful about the Move Your Money campaign .
It may not hurt the big banks in any appreciable way , as Martha White argued at The Big Money on Monday .
But so what .
It ’s providing a lot of free advertising for small banks that are ( a ) less likely to prove a burden to taxpayers ( b ) more likely to reinvest your deposits in your community and ( 3 ) less likely to nickel and dime you than Citi or Chase or Wells or BofA are .
What ’s not to like about that ?
What a lobster might look like .
( UPI Photo / Matthew Healey ) | License Photo
SAINT JOHN , New Brunswick , Jan. 7 ( UPI ) --
A small Canadian seaside town in New Brunswick has been warned lobsters that wash ashore cannot be eaten because they were n't caught under license .
After an Atlantic storm Saturday , the crustaceans began washing ashore at Petit - Rocher on the northeastern coast and word spread quickly , the New Brunswick Telegraph - Journal reported .
Advertisement
However , John St. - Coeur , a spokesman for the federal Fisheries and Oceans ministry , issued a statement warning beachcombers they were breaking the law that says lobster can only be taken in traps by licensed fishermen during open season .
Anyone else collecting lobsters could be fined $ 100,000 , he said .
By Tuesday afternoon , the shore was mostly clear of lobsters and Mayor Pierre Godin said as many as 1,000 people -- including him -- had enjoyed many lobster meals since the weekend .
He dismissed the federal warning , saying residents had benefited from washed - up seafood for centuries .
" If it 's illegal , they are going to have to make a very , very big prison for us all , " he told the newspaper .
About the author
( NewsTarget )
There has been a flurry of contradictory swine flu events reported here and from Ukraine this early fall .
These coincided with a CBS news program releasing information that very few reported swine cases actually tested positive for H1N1 .
CBS 's state by state survey discovered that less than 5 percent of flu cases reported in most American states were confirmed as H1N1 .
In most states less than half the reported cases were not even a flu of any type !
The CDC and WHO conveniently canceled the need for laboratory swine flu confirmations in mid-summer 2009 .
That makes it easier to pump up the statistics , does n't it ?
Since the WHO this year changed the criteria for declaring a pandemic from worldwide high mortality rates to infections only , it 's easier to claim a pandemic with the Swine Flu .
Connect these dots : Swine
Flu is actually less severe than a normal seasonal flu .
But it is highly contagious !
So why bother with this rule juggling to make it easy to categorize a spreading flu as a pandemic ?
Once the stage 6 pandemic level is called , and it has been , the WHO via the United Nations becomes a medical dictator by international law to almost 200 member nations .
And over the past few years , laws have been arranged to exclude Big Pharma and governments from being financially liable for vaccine related injuries and deaths during a pandemic .
A license to kill ?
Remember the Baxter incident a few months ago ?
Jane Burgermeister reported a fortuitous discovery of 72 kilos of contaminated seasonal flu that were " accidentally " delivered to 18 European countries .
Vaccine industry security systems make it virtually impossible for an accident of that magnitude to occur .
Here are some specifics :* 72 kilos of raw vaccine materials will produce many thousands of jabs . *
The contaminant found in those vaccine materials was Bird Flu , H5N1 * H5N1 was reportedly in USA labs as a bioweapon to replicate the 1918 pandemic *
Though H5N1 virus is highly lethal , its infection rate is extremely low . *
Conclusion - a recombinant strain produced from Bird Flu live viruses and a seasonal or Swine Flu strain can create a virus with morbidity ( high widespread death rate ) .
Last August , an international microbiologist in California , Joseph Moshe , called anti-vaccination activist Dr. A. True Ott , warning him of a bioweapon at Baxter 's facilities in Ukraine that could be used to create a pandemic .
Dr. Ott divulged this on Deagle 's radio show after Moshe was forcefully apprehended .
Up until the 29th of October , there were only two non-lethal swine flu cases reported within Ukraine 's 46 million population .
Very few Ukrainians were getting vaccinations of any kind !
Then on the 30th , there were reports of an epidemic !
Swine flu hysteria broke out and spread across Europe .
The symptoms resembled a horrible sudden viral pneumonia that causes victims to drown in their own fluids from heavy internal bleeding .
These sudden lethal symptoms of hemorrhagic pneumonia are similar to the 1918 flu pandemic .
They are not current swine flu symptoms !
Just before Ukraine 's pneumonic plague , there were many reports of small aircraft and helicopters spraying unidentified aerosols over populated areas .
The aerosols made breathing difficult for those exposed .
The government denied this activity .
Remember Joseph Moshe 's warning ?
And now martial law is being enforced in Ukraine , with quarantines and anti vaccination activists being arrested !
Mass vaccinations may come soon .
Ukraine could be the launching pad for a man-made pandemic with morbidity .
Why ?
Do your own research !
Audio of Deagle and Ott discussing MosheInfo Wars Ireland - http://info-wars.org/2009/10/31/panic-in-ukr...
Rothscum Report http://davidrothscum.blogspot.com/2009/10/ha...
Paul Fassa is dedicated to warning others about the current corruption of food and medicine and guiding others toward a direction for better health with no restrictions on health freedom .
You can visit his blog at http://healthmaven.blogspot.com
Xbox 360 owners with a dollar to spare should consider putting it to good use and grab Decimation X , a retro arcade shooter recently released onto the Marketplace via the Xbox Live Indie Games section .
Its fun , its simple , its awesome .
Dec X brings gameplay for up to four players including co-op mode all at a ( as the developer Xona Games puts it ) “ smooth 60 frames per second ” , oh yeah baby , so velvety smooth .
The title is available now for perhaps my favorite price of all : $ 1 .
As always , a demo is available for sampling as well .
Check out the game ’s trailer and more at the developer ’s official site .
From the description :
This game was classified by the community with the following category scores – Violence = 1/3 , Sex=0/ 3 , Mature Content=0 / 3. 1 - 4 player intense retro shmup .
Classic 2D fixed gallery shooter .
Features :
Insane firepower , progressive defences , tons of power - ups .
Smooth 60 frames per second , pure arcade action .
Le microcrédit est , sans aucun doute , l'innovation qui a fait le plus parler d'elle dans la lutte contre la pauvreté .
Il y a un peu plus de trente ans , Mohammed Yunus consentait ses premiers prêts à un groupe de femmes du Bangladesh .
Il y a aujourd ' hui plus de 150 millions de micro-emprunteurs à travers le monde .
Le programme a essaimé jusqu'aux Etats - Unis et en France .
La grande majorité de ces clients n'avaient auparavant aucun accès au crédit bancaire et étaient contraints d'avoir recours aux usuriers de village , qui pratiquent des taux faramineux ( en Inde , les vendeurs de légumes qui empruntent à la journée paient jusqu'à 5 % par jour , et dans les villages , des taux de 20 % par mois ne sont pas rares ) .
Or , presque tous doivent bien , un jour ou l'autre , avoir recours au crédit : en effet , les pauvres vivent dangereusement ...
Ils sont très souvent à leur compte : au Pérou , 69 % des ménages urbains les plus pauvres ont leur propre entreprise .
En Inde , au Pakistan , au Nicaragua , cette proportion se situe entre 47 % et 52 % ( dans les pays de l'OCDE , la proportion d'entrepreneurs n'est que de 12 % ) .
Dans les régions rurales , la part des ménages à leur compte est encore plus importante .
Le moindre choc ( une mauvaise récolte , une maladie , un vol ... ) les laisse extrêmement vulnérables .
Les filets de sécurité auxquels nous sommes habitués , Sécurité sociale , retraite et même la possibilité de déposer le bilan , n'existent pas .
Epargner est difficile et dangereux : les banques ne veulent pas gérer des petites sommes et les économies laissées sous le matelas disparaissent facilement .
C'est pourquoi rares sont les pauvres qui n'ont aucune dette .
Au Pakistan , 93 % des ménages les plus pauvres sont endettés , souvent à la suite d'un choc , parfois pour financer leur activité ; au Rajasthan , ils sont plus de deux tiers et en Afrique du Sud , un tiers .
Alors que ces ménages avaient auparavant forcément recours à l'usurier local ou au propriétaire terrien , ils ont aujourd ' hui la possibilité d'emprunter à des institutions de microfinance .
Les taux d'intérêt , bien qu'élevés si nous les comparons à ceux qui sont pratiqués dans les pays développés ( de 20 % à plus de 100 % par an selon les pays ) , sont nettement plus faibles que ceux auxquels ils étaient habitués .
Cela représente une réussite importante , dans des pays où les services à l'intention des plus pauvres , privés ou publics , brillent par leur absence .
Les essais des décennies antérieures pour distribuer des crédits subventionnés par l'intermédiaire des banques nationales se sont écroulés , sous le poids des non-remboursements et de la corruption .
Les institutions de microcrédits sont dirigées par des entrepreneurs qui maîtrisent parfaitement la distribution d'un service de qualité à très grande échelle : par leur dynamisme et leur capacité d'innovation , ils ont réussi là où des tentatives bien mieux financées et soutenues par des gouvernements locaux ou étrangers avaient échoué .
Mais beaucoup voient dans le microcrédit bien plus qu'un simple instrument financier .
Pour eux , le microcrédit devrait favoriser une transformation en profondeur de la vie des plus pauvres .
Donner cet outil financier à des familles - et souvent à des femmes , ce qui est sans doute encore plus important - leur assurerait non seulement un moyen de vivre mais une dignité , les conduirait à investir plus pour leur santé ou l'éducation et à réduire la discrimination contre les femmes et les petites filles .
Certains sont allés jusqu'à suggérer qu'en accordant aux femmes l'accès à un capital , le microcrédit permettrait de lutter contre le sida ...
La vision du monde de Mohammed Yunus est profondément optimiste : selon lui , chacun de nous est un entrepreneur en puissance et la seule chose séparant une femme pauvre du Bangladesh d'un directeur d'entreprise serait l'accès au capital ( et peut - être à un téléphone pour savoir où vendre ses produits ! ) .
La lutte contre la pauvreté n'a pas besoin de charité : il suffit de créer les bonnes opportunités que les pauvres sauront saisir pour faire croître leur entreprise et rembourser emprunts et intérêts .
Ce message est très séduisant : il semble dévoiler les clefs d'une richesse humaine cachée qu'un produit financier bien fait débloquerait .
Il rejoint les conclusions de l'économiste péruvien Hernando de Soto , pour qui la barrière fondamentale à la réussite des plus pauvres est l'absence de droits de propriété sur leur maison et leurs terrains , les empêchant de capitaliser sur leur richesse .
Il trouve un écho important chez les sceptiques de l'aide et du rôle des gouvernements : la clé de la fin de la pauvreté reste le marché .
Cet enthousiasme n'est pas sans susciter des retours de bâton .
Certains sont sceptiques , voire hostiles .
Ils considèrent les banquiers du microcrédit comme de nouveaux usuriers qui exploitent l'incapacité des plus pauvres à résister à la tentation de l'emprunt ; ils soulignent que les taux d'intérêt , souvent présentés de manière obscure , restent très élevés par rapport à ce que paient les plus riches .
Ces critiques attribuent même au microcrédit les suicides de paysans surendettés , soumis à une pression indue exercée par les agents de prêts .
En effet , ceux - ci , rémunérés en fonction du nombre de clients et de leur taux de remboursement , sont incités à pousser à l'emprunt d'abord , et à forcer au remboursement par tous les moyens ensuite .
Ces derniers temps , cette vision négative a gagné du terrain : on la voit s'exprimer dans de nombreux blogs et articles de presse , qui vont jusqu'à accuser le microcrédit de ruiner les économies locales .
Le fait que le microcrédit soit souvent présenté comme l'alternative aux programmes de redistribution traditionnels et les profits importants réalisés par certaines des institutions ne sont certainement pas étrangers à ces critiques .
Le microcrédit , miracle ou désastre ?
Malheureusement , en dépit de l'importance du débat , il n'y avait pas jusqu'à récemment d'étude rigoureuse de part ou d'autre .
Partisans et adversaires se battaient à coup d'anecdotes ou d'études difficiles à interpréter , parce qu'elles comparaient des pommes et des oranges ( c'est - à - dire des emprunteurs et des non-emprunteurs ) .
Chaque camp avait beau jeu de critiquer les données imparfaites des autres .
Mais cela est en train de changer grâce au courage et à la vision de certaines institutions particulièrement novatrices : Spandana en Inde , Al Amana au Maroc , First Macro Bank aux Philippines , Compartamos au Mexique ont permis à des chercheurs ( dont j'ai eu la chance de faire partie ) d'évaluer rigoureusement l'impact de leurs programmes dans le cadre d'expérimentations : des personnes similaires en tous points , mais dont certaines ont eu la possibilité d'emprunter et d'autres non , sont comparées .
Nous avons aujourd ' hui les résultats des évaluations réalisées aux Philippines et en Inde .
Ces deux programmes sont très différents .
Aux Philippines , First Macro
Bank propose des emprunts à des entreprises qui existent déjà , sur une base individuelle .
En Inde , Spandana utilise le modèle canonique de la Banque Grameen ( l'institution créée par Mohammed Yunus ) : un petit emprunt solidaire , réservé à des femmes .
Pourtant , les résultats concordent : dans les deux pays , les emprunteurs acquièrent plus de biens durables ( télévision , réfrigérateur , etc. ) pour leur foyer .
Ceux qui ont une petite entreprise investissent dans celle - ci : ils acquièrent des actifs productifs ( bicyclette , machine à coudre ) ou augmentent leurs stocks .
En Inde , un emprunt sur huit conduit à la création d'une nouvelle activité indépendante ( aux Philippines , tous les emprunteurs avaient déjà une entreprise ) .
Ces études semblent donc nous dire que le microcrédit rend exactement les services attendus d'un bon produit financier : il permet à ses clients d'effectuer des achats importants , pour leur activité ou pour leur ménage , qu'ils n'auraient pas pu engager autrement .
Mais , dix - huit mois plus tard , on ne constate aucun signe d'une transformation profonde de la vie de ces familles : ni l'une ni l'autre de ces études ne démontre d'impact sur la santé , la scolarisation ou le pouvoir de décision des femmes .
En revanche , contrairement aux prédictions pessimistes des sceptiques de la microfinance , on ne constate aucune frénésie de consommation irresponsable provoquée par l'argent facile : au contraire , en Inde , les familles abandonnent certaines des petites tentations de la vie courante ( thé , snacks , noix de bétel , tabac ) pour rembourser l'emprunt qui leur a permis d'acheter des biens durables .
Il ne s'agit bien sûr que d'effets à court terme .
L'impact dans trois ans ou plus sera peut - être tout à fait différent .
Les revenus supplémentaires de l'activité financeront - ils la scolarisation des enfants ?
Ou bien le poids des remboursements hebdomadaires se fera - t - il sentir davantage ?
Les données sont en cours de collecte .
Le monde rêve d'une recette miracle contre la pauvreté et le microcrédit était un candidat tout à fait plausible .
Ces études suggèrent qu'il est temps de revenir à une description plus nuancée de ses avantages possibles .
Mais reprocher au microcrédit d'être inutile ou dangereux parce qu'il ne se révèle pas être cette recette miracle n'a pas grand sens .
Laisser de côté le discours polémique a aussi l'avantage de nous inciter à dépasser un débat binaire pour remettre en question le modèle canonique du microcrédit et nous demander comment il pourrait encore mieux servir ses emprunteurs .
Une des limites du microcrédit est qu'il finance essentiellement des activités à toute petite échelle , de très faible croissance , bien éloignées de l'image d'Epinal d'un Bill Gates démarrant Microsoft dans son garage : dans les rues des villes d'Inde , d'Indonésie ou du Bangladesh , on voit d'innombrables petites épiceries , vendant toute la même chose , dont les bénéfices suffisent à peine à payer un salaire minimal à leur propriétaire , en dépit des dix à douze heures de travail quotidien .
Ces micro-entreprises ont beaucoup de mal à passer à la vitesse supérieure : plus de 90 % des entreprises des clients de Spandana que nous avons étudiées n'ont pas d'employé ; aucune n'en a plus de trois .
Dans quelle mesure la structure même du microcrédit contribue - t- elle à cet état de chose ?
Un premier aspect est la responsabilité solidaire , marque de fabrique du microcrédit .
Elle décourage la prise de risque , car les autres femmes du groupe ne veulent pas prendre le risque de devoir rembourser en cas d'échec , alors qu'en cas de succès , elles n'empocheront pas les gains supplémentaires : elles auront donc tendance à empêcher les autres membres de se lancer dans des activités risquées , mais plus rentables .
Or une étude récente aux Philippines montre que le prêt solidaire n'est pas essentiel au bon remboursement : les taux de remboursements sont tout aussi élevés dans les succursales traditionnelles que dans celles où les clientes sont seulement responsables de leur propre emprunt .
Le remboursement hebdomadaire et immédiat , autre pierre angulaire du microcrédit , a lui aussi ses limites .
Au Bengale - Occidental , l'organisation Village Welfare Society a permis à certaines clientes de ne commencer à rembourser que quelques semaines après avoir perçu l'argent du prêt .
Cela leur a permis de faire des investissements plus ambitieux et plus rentables : par exemple , celles qui voulaient se lancer dans la vente de vêtements ont acheté une machine à coudre plutôt qu'un stock de saris à revendre .
Ce niveau de risque plus élevé a , bien sûr , conduit à plus d'échecs et donc à plus de non-remboursement .
Ainsi paradoxalement , le microcrédit , par ses règles actuelles , est plus adapté à financer des activités familiales qui vivotent que de véritables entreprises créant des emplois .
Mais le mouvement est en train de se renouveler : certaines institutions de microcrédit ( dont Grameen Bank , ) ont discrètement abandonné le prêt solidaire .
Elles continuent à demander à leurs clientes de se rencontrer chaque semaine , ces réunions créant des liens sociaux forts , facilitant l'entraide en cas de crise .
Mais elles ne sanctionnent plus une cliente lorsqu'un membre du groupe ne rembourse pas .
Par ailleurs , des organismes comme Accion aident les institutions de microfinance à proposer à leurs meilleurs clients des produits individuels , adaptés au financement d'entreprises un peu plus importantes .
D'autres groupes proposent des formations en comptabilité ou en gestion à leurs clients .
Mais le financement n'est pas la seule barrière à la croissance des micro-entreprises .
Dans de nombreux cas , les clients de la microfinance sont entrepreneurs faute de mieux .
A la suite de la crise asiatique par exemple , le nombre d'entreprises familiales a explosé en Thaïlande .
Mais contrairement aux périodes antérieures , ces entreprises n'ont pas prospéré .
Leurs propriétaires les ont abandonnées dès que la situation économique s'est améliorée et qu'ils ont pu retrouver un emploi salarié .
Ces entrepreneurs forcés rêvent , pour eux et pour leurs enfants , d'un emploi stable , qui semble , lui , enclencher une vraie dynamique de transformation : sa sécurité permet d'investir dans la scolarisation des enfants , la santé ou une maison plus accueillante .
Cela ne remet bien évidemment pas en cause l'utilité du microcrédit , puisque ces emplois stables n'existent pas ou pas en assez grand nombre .
Une activité , même modeste , constitue déjà un revenu essentiel .
Toutefois la vision romantique d'un milliard d'entrepreneurs aux pieds nus est probablement une illusion .
Savoir distinguer ceux de leurs clients qui ont réellement le goût du risque et de l'entreprise de ceux qui y sont contraints , et offrir à chacun des services adaptés est le nouveau défi de la microfinance .
Parallèlement , le développement d'un vrai secteur salarial ( industriel ou de service ) doit rester une priorité pour une politique économique dans les pays pauvres .
Esther Duflo est économiste .
Le Monde
A former senior United Nations diplomat in Kabul has launched a scathing attack on the UN's handling of Afghanistan 's disputed elections , claiming that almost one in three of the votes cast for president Hamid Karzai were fraudulent .
Writing in today 's Washington Post , Peter Galbraith , the former deputy head of the UN mission in Afghanistan , singled out his former boss Kai Eide for criticism , saying that he had deliberately downplayed the level of cheating in an election where in one region " 10 times as many votes were recorded as voters actually cast " .
Galbraith , who was sacked last week after his disagreements with Eide about how to deal with electoral fraud became public , said the extraordinary level of fraud in the August vote " has handed the Taliban its greatest strategic victory in eight years of fighting the United States and its Afghan partners " .
The election was a " foreseeable train wreck " , he said , with Eide – the Norwegian diplomat in charge of the UN mission – standing idle as Afghan election authorities and ministers loyal to the president avoided taking steps that could have reduced massive fraud .
The extraordinary intervention could torpedo what many diplomats in Kabul suspect is an attempt by Eide and the US to minimise further controversy over fraud allegations and move quickly to declare Karzai the re-elected president of Afghanistan .
Opposition politicians , including Abdullah Abdullah , the second - placed candidate , who wants to see a run-off vote , have seized on remarks made by Galbraith since he was sacked by Ban Ki-moon , the UN secretary general , last Wednesday .
Yesterday Abdullah accused Eide of " giving a green card for fraud to determine the outcome of the election " .
A war of words between Galbraith and the UN – which has attempted to characterise the row as a " personality dispute " – has been gradually escalating since he was sacked last week .
In a letter to Ban , which was leaked to the New York Times , Galbraith made a number of devastating allegations against Eide , including the claim that the Norwegian diplomat ordered him not to hand over to election officials information that showed turnout had been tiny in the south , where the Taliban intimidation campaign against voters was most effective .
He also said Eide told him to stop lobbying for the elimination of " ghost polling stations " – voting centres in areas of the country that were too dangerous to actually open , but which nonetheless received ballot papers that could be filled out by corrupt officials .
Galbraith also claimed Eide prevented him from trying to stop the Independent Election Commission from abandoning its own safeguards , which would have excluded fraudulent ballots from the count , probably reducing Karzai 's score to below 50 % , forcing a second - round vote .
Eide told him to back off , Galbraith said , after Karzai ordered his foreign minister to protest that the American was interfering in Afghan affairs .
He said the Afghan government threatened him with expulsion .
His article in the Washington Post went even further with its claim that a third of Karzai 's votes were fraudulent .
If true , that would mean the president received well under the 50 % of all votes required for him to win on the first round .
Preliminary results give Karzai 55 % and Abdullah 28 % .
The Election Complaints Commission has ordered an audit of 10 % of the 3,063 votes that have been deemed to be suspicious because of a very high turnout or where nearly all the votes went to a single candidate .
Galbraith also warned of the huge political dangers if the outcome of the vote is not accepted by the Tajiks , Afghanistan 's second - largest ethnic group , who are predominant in the north and seen as Abdullah 's main constituency .
" If the Tajiks believe that fraud denied their candidate the chance to compete in a second round , they may respond by simply not recognising the authority of the central government , " he said .
He also said the high level of fraud " virtually guarantees that a government emerging from the tainted vote will not be credible with many Afghans " , destroying President Barack Obama 's hopes of having a legitimate partner in the country to help implement his strategy .
Advertisements
As we arrive at this transformational moment in the history of our country and the Obama administration , here are the Republicans standing in the way to stop progress for main stream America by any means necessary .
Tuesday will mark the day in American history that could give the GOP the momentum they need to block the Obama administration ’s agenda for the people and give the power back to the party whose greed and corruption nearly destroyed the nation with an economic recession that will take years to recover from .
How ironic is it for the senate seat of the “ Lion ” , the late Senator Ted Kennedy , and his intense life ’s work on healthcare reform to be challenged and in jeopardy by GOP candidate Scott Brown , who is determined to stop healthcare reform if he is elected ?
That is absolutely unbelievable and tragic that it could even be a possibility !
What is wrong with the people of Massachusetts ?
Advertisements
Ted Kennedy worked tirelessly and ferociously for the state of Massachusetts .
This is one of the most significant senate races and time periods of the year in regards to the success of this administration ’s policies .
The Democratic challenger Martha Coakley , the current Attorney General in Massachusetts , was leading in the polls by a significant margin up until about a week ago .
Then all of a sudden there was this massive push by the GOP with the notion that this election could prevent the sixty seat majority currently taking place in the senate .
They came out of the woodwork to try to defeat Barack Obama ’s healthcare plan by bringing all the support and funding needed .
Instead of a state battle for a senate seat , it has become a national battle by the GOP to defeat Barack Obama .
It seems like a crime of gigantic proportions .
All the work , all the drama , all the meetings , all the fights , all the challenges have come down to a few days and one man .
All we know is that he is against the current administration and all of its policies like all the other republican prototypes .
Even though Ted Kennedy held that seat for an adult lifetime , GOP candidate Scott Brown refuses to even acknowledge it .
He says the seat did not belong to Ted Kennedy , it belongs to the people .
That is technically true , but it was so arrogant and disrespectful in how he referred to it after all the work done by Ted Kennedy for the state of Massachusetts .
Ted Kennedy had worked across party lines and pushed through more policies than any other member of the senate .
Scott Brown is also against the fees Obama is proposing for the financial institutions that are “ too big to fail ” that are paying out seven and eight figure bonuses this year to their supposed top performers .
Again I say what is wrong with the people of Massachusetts ?
Why is this happening ?
The Republicans are so charged and ready to pounce like vultures .
They smell blood and the idea that they have a new opportunity to stop Barack Obama is just too much excitement .
And when Scott Brown was a younger man , he posed nude in Cosmopolitan .
Now some may say that ’s dirty politics , but if were in reverse it would mean something different .
The GOP would be screaming !
People seem to simply find it amusing .
I think it shows a peek into his social character and need for recognition and self focus .
I have not heard his desire for the people .
His support is for Wall Street and the big financial institutions and he is against healthcare reform .
In December , Democratic challenger , Martha Coakley was ahead in the polls by about 30 points .
In less than a week , GOP candidate Scott Brown has taken the lead in this race for the senate that could derail the sixty member democratic majority .
Election Day is Tuesday , January 19 , 2010 .
This is basically one year from Barack Obama being sworn in as President of the United States of
America .
If democratic challenger , Martha Coakley loses this seat , the GOP will be able to filibuster all of President Obama ’s policies which will block progress again for main stream America .
President Obama is currently handling sending US aid to Haiti , managing two wars , rebuilding the economy , saving and trying to create jobs , pushing healthcare reform , challenging the banks , dealing with threats of terror against the US and his life .
And he is also dealing with the nonstop challenges and lies of the GOP .
In terms of aid to Haiti , it has become one of the most horrific disasters in the world and modern history and he has to keep a focus on the tragedy because it ’s about life and death and United States leadership in caring for and supporting our neighbors on a humanitarian level .
Still , because of the significance of this election and his entire agenda as the President , he has to risk his political capital and go to Massachusetts on Sunday to stump for the Democratic candidate .
Either he has to get the long hard battle of healthcare reform resolved before Tuesday or he has to deal with the long hard battle with the GOP over everything including HCR through the endless filibuster process .
This senate race is extremely important on multiple levels .
Obama wants to honor the late Ted Kennedy ’s service to the senate and his life ’s work and fight for healthcare reform .
The democratic majority in the senate needs to be protected to get HCR through and all the other relevant policies urgent to main stream America .
We ca n’t let the GOP take us back to the days of Bush and Cheney .
We ca n’t afford to have all our democratic policies blocked .
We ca n’t let the GOP win this one .
Democrats have lost 2 governors races to the GOP last year due to their campaigns of lies and misleading information .
This seat is too important .
Let ’s help the President .
He has enough on his plate .
That is why this is a notification to call and write everyone we know in Massachusetts to vote Democratic .
Democrats cannot lose this seat .
Democrats cannot allow the GOP to continue to constantly stop the progress of our nation !
The GOP is already gloating and the results are not in !
There were harsh words too from Vatican Radio , which accused the film of " being a wink towards the pseudo - doctrines which have made ecology the religion of the millennium . "
Avatar 's faults meant that it would not go down in the annals of cinema history , Vatican Radio said .
Guest Post by Stewart Dougherty
FOREWORD : At certain times , focusing on the big picture is important not just for investment success , but for personal welfare , and even survival .
We believe such times are here .
It is estimated that 98 % of Americans have never held a gold coin in their hands .
Yet 100 % of Americans regularly handle Federal Reserve Notes .
From a contrarian standpoint , the financial message from those two statistics is clear .
Even so , gold is much more than money or an investment medium ; it stands for liberty and throughout history has facilitated escape and ensured freedom .
Never having touched a gold coin is the monetary equivalent to never having breathed fresh air , felt the warmth of sunshine , looked up at the stars or risen from the gutter .
Fiat Federal Reserve Notes are becoming nothing more than sewage decomposing in the vast , toxic septic tank of predatory Washington politics , epic Federal Reserve arrogance and error , blatant Wall Street fraud and outright Master Class plunder .
Below , we outline America ’s troubling and compounding predicament , and urge you to think about how to protect yourself from its consequences , both financially and personally .
Thanks to the endless barrage of feel - good propaganda that daily assaults the American mind , best epitomized a few months ago by the “ green shoots , ” everything ’s - coming - up - roses propaganda touted by Federal Reserve Chairman Bernanke , the citizens have no idea how disastrous the country ’s fiscal , monetary and economic problems truly are .
Nor do they perceive the rapidly increasing risk of a totalitarian nightmare descending upon the American Republic .
One stark and sobering way to frame the crisis is this : if the United States government were to nationalize ( in other words , steal ) every penny of private wealth accumulated by America ’s citizens since the nation ’s founding 235 years ago , the government would remain totally bankrupt .
According to the Federal Reserve ’s most recent report on wealth , America ’s private net worth was $ 53.4 trillion as of September , 2009 .
But at the same time , America ’s debt and unfunded liabilities totaled at least $ 120,000,000,000,000.00 ( $ 120 trillion ) , or 225 % of the citizens ’ net worth .
Even if the government expropriated every dollar of private wealth in the nation , it would still have a deficit of $ 66,600,000,000,000.00 ( $ 66.6 trillion ) , equal to $ 214,286.00 for every man , woman and child in America and roughly 500 % of GDP .
If the government does not directly seize the nation ’s private wealth , then it will require $ 389,610 from each and every citizen to balance the country ’s books .
State , county and municipal debts and deficits are additional , already elephantine in many states ( e.g. , California , Illinois , New Jersey and New York ) and growing at an alarming rate nationwide .
In addition to the federal government , dozens of states are already bankrupt and sinking deeper into the morass every day .
The government continues to dig a deeper and deeper fiscal grave in which to bury its citizens .
This year , the federal deficit will total at least $ 1,600,000,000,000.00 ( $ 1.6 trillion ) , which represents overspending of $ 4,383,561,600.00 ( $ 4.38 billion ) per day .
( The deficit during October and November , 2009 , the first two months of Fiscal Year 2010 , totaled $ 296,700,000,000.00 ( $ 297 billion ) , or $ 4,863,934,000.00 ( $ 4.9 billion ) per day , a record . )
Using the GAAP accounting method ( which is what corporations are required to use because it presents a far more accurate and honest picture of a company ’s finances than the cash accounting method primarily and misleadingly used by the U.S. government ) , the nation ’s fiscal year 2009 deficit was roughly $ 9,000,000,000,000.00 ( $ 9 trillion ) , or $ 24,700,000,000.00 ( $ 24.7 billion ) per day , as calculated by brilliant and well - respected economist John Williams .
( www.shadowstats.com)
Fiscal Year 2010 ’s cash - and GAAP - accounting deficits will likely be worse than 2009 ’s , given government bailout and new program spending that is on steroids and psychotic .
Putting Fiscal Year 2009 ’s $ 9,000,000,000,000.00 ( $ 9 trillion ) deficit another way , 17 % of America ’s private wealth , accumulated over a period of 235 years , was wiped out by just one year ’s worth of government deficit spending insanity .
Given this , is it any surprise that Treasury Secretary Geithner has announced that the release of the nation ’s FY 2009 supplemental GAAP financial statements has been delayed ?
Remember , this is the same Secretary Geithner who bullied people to cover up the sordid details of the AIG , or more accurately , the taxpayer - funded , multi-billion dollar , Santa Claus bailout and bonus bonanza for Goldman Sachs .
Do you really think this government , characterized as it is by fiscal and monetary secrecy , lies , chicanery , cronyism and stonewalling , wants the people to know what is actually happening ?
Obviously , it does not , so it hides from the public the inexcusable facts .
It is estimated that the top 1 % of Americans control roughly 40 % of the nation ’s wealth .
In other words , 3 million people own $ 21,400,000,000,000.00 ( $ 21.4 trillion ) in net private assets , while the other 305 million own the remaining $ 32,000,000,000,000.00 ( $ 32 trillion ) .
77,000,000 ( 77 million ) Americans ( the lowest 25 % ) have mean net assets of minus $ 2,300 ( $ - 2,300.00 ) per person ; they live from paycheck to paycheck , or on public assistance .
The lower 50 % of Americans own mean net assets of $ 27,800 each , about enough to purchase a modest car .
Obviously , it would be impossible to retire on such an amount without significant government or other assistance .
Meanwhile , the richest 10 % of Americans possess mean net assets of $ 3,976,000.00 each , or 143 times those of the bottom 50 % ; the top 2 % control assets worth more than 1,500 times those in the bottom 50 % .
When you combine these facts with Wall Street ’s typical multi-million dollar annual bonuses , you get an idea of wealth inequality in America .
Historically , such extreme inequality has been a well - documented breeding ground for totalitarianism .
If the government decides to expropriate ( steal ) or commandeer ( e.g. , force into Treasuries ) America ’s private wealth in order to buy survival time , such a measure will be designed to destroy the common citizens , not the elite .
Insiders will be given advance warning about any such plan , and will be able to transfer their money offshore or into financial vehicles immune from harm .
Assuming that the elite moves its money to safety , there would then be $ 120,000,000,000,000.00 ( $ 120 trillion ) in American debt and liabilities supported by only $ 32,000,000,000,000.00 ( $ 32 trillion ) in private net worth , for a deficit of $ 88,000,000,000,000.00 ( $ 88 trillion ) .
In that case , each American would owe $ 285,714.29 to balance the country ’s books .
( Remember to multiply this amount by every person in your household , including any infant children . )
If the common people suspect that something diabolical was in the works , a portion of the $ 32 trillion in non-elite wealth could be evacuated as well prior to a government expropriation and / or currency devaluation , resulting in less money for the government to steal .
What these statistics mean is that it is absolutely impossible for the government to fund its debt and deficits , even if it steals all of the nation ’s private wealth .
Therefore , the government ’s only solutions are either formal bankruptcy ( outright debt repudiation and the dismantling of bankrupt government programs ) or unprecedented American monetary inflation and debt monetization .
If the government chooses to inflate its way out of this fiscal catastrophe , the United States dollar will essentially become worthless .
You can be absolutely certain that a PhD. in economics , such as Dr. Bernanke , is well aware of these realities , despite what he might say in speeches .
For that matter , so are Chinese schoolchildren , who , when patronized by Treasury Secretary Geithner about America ’s “ strong dollar , ” laughed in his face .
One day , perhaps America ’s school children will receive a real education so that they , too , will know when to laugh at absurd propaganda .
The government has announced that during the fiscal years from 2010 through 2019 , it will create an additional $ 9,000,000,000,000.00 ( $ 9 trillion ) in deficits , an amount that is almost certain to be understated by trillions given the country ’s current economic trajectory .
The government assumes that this vast additional deficit will be funded by others , such as the Chinese , as it is a statistical fact that the United States will be incapable of funding it .
Furthermore , with the budgetary equivalent of a straight face , the Office of Management and Budget reports in its long - term , inter- generational budget projection that the United States government will experience massive , non-stop deficits for the next 70 ( SEVENTY ) years , requiring the issuance of tens of trillions of dollars of additional debt .
The OMB does not project even one year of surplus during the entire seventy year budget period .
These deficits and debts are now so gargantuan that they have become surreal abstractions impossible even for sophisticated financiers to begin to comprehend .
The common citizen has absolutely no idea what these numbers mean , or imply for his or her future .
The people have been deluded into thinking that America ’s arrogant , egomaniacal , always - wrong - but - never - in - doubt fiscal witch doctors and charlatans , including Greenspan , Rubin , Summers , Geithner and Ponce de Bernanke , have discovered a Monetary Fountain of Youth that endlessly spits up free money from the center of earth , in a geyser of good will toward the United States .
Unfortunately , this delusion is false : there is no Monetary Fountain of Youth , and contrary to the apparent beliefs of the self - deified man-gods in Washington , D.C. , the debt and deficits are real , completely out of control , and 100 % guaranteed to create catastrophic consequences for the nation and its people .
When government “ representatives ” deliberately sell into slavery the citizens of a so - called free Republic , they have committed treason against those people .
This is exactly what has happened in the United States : the citizens have been sold into debt slavery that they and their descendants can never escape , because the debts piled onto their backs can never , ever be paid .
Despite expensive and sophisticated brainwashing campaigns emanating from Washington , claiming that America can “ grow ” out of its deficits and debt , it is arithmetically impossible for the country to do so .
The government ’s statements that it can dig the nation out of its fiscal hole by digging an even deeper chasm have become parodies and perversions of even totally discredited and morally disgusting Keynesianism .
The people no longer have elected representatives ; they have elected traitors .
The enslavement of the American people has been orchestrated by a pernicious Master Class that has taken the United States by the throat .
This Master Class is now choking the nation to death as it accelerates its master plan to plunder the people ’s dwindling remaining assets .
The Master Class comprises politicians , the Wall Street money elite , the Federal Reserve , high - end government ( including military ) officials , government lobbyists and their paymasters , military suppliers and media oligarchs .
The interests and mindset of the Master Class are so totally divorced from those of the average American citizen that it is utterly tone deaf and blind to the justifiable rage sweeping the nation .
Its guiding ethics of greed , plunder , power , control and violence are so alien to mainstream American culture and thought that the Master Class might as well be an enemy invader from Mars .
But the Master Class here , it is real and it is laying waste to America .
To the members of the Master Class , the people are not fellow - citizens ; they are instruments of labor , servitude and profit .
At first , the Master Class viewed the citizens as serfs ; now that they have raped and destroyed the national economy , while in the process amassing unprecedented wealth and power for themselves , they see the people as nothing more than slaves .
America ’s public finances are now so completely dysfunctional and chaotic that something far worse than debt enslavement and monetary implosion , terrible curses unto themselves , looms on the horizon : namely , a Master Class - sponsored American dictatorship .
Throughout history , the type of situation in which America now finds itself has been a fertility factory for tyranny .
The odds of an outright overthrow of the people by the Washington and Wall Street Axis , or more broadly , the Master Class are increasing dramatically .
The fact that so few people believe an American dictatorship is possible is exactly why it is becoming likely .
Dictatorships have blighted history and ruined lives since the beginning of civilization .
In recent times alone , tyrants such as Hitler , Stalin , Lenin , Ceausescu , Amin , Hussein , Mussolini , Tojo , Kim , Pinochet , Milosevic , Tito , Batista , Peron , Pol Pot , Mugabe , Marcos , Somoza , Mengistu , Bokassa , Sese Seko , Franco , Ho Chi Minh , Mao , and Castro have power - sprayed blood onto the screen of time and ravaged mankind with murder , torture and human oppression .
A full catalog of history ’s tyrants would require a book of hundreds of pages .
In the past 100 years alone , over 200 million human beings have been annihilated by wars , ethnic cleansings and government assassinations .
Just when we think that civilization has been able to rise above tyranny ’s inhumanity and disgrace , a new dictator appears on the scene to start the process all over again .
Every time this happens , fear and submission paralyze the vast majority of the affected masses , leading them to “ follow orders ” and lick autocracy ’s blood - stained boots .
History has proven to tyrants that oppression works .
In fact , it is easy to control a populace , once you control the money , markets , military ( including police ) , media and minions ( the recipients of welfare , social security , free health care , government jobs and the like , who are dependent upon the state and likely to be compliant ) .
This is exactly where the United States is today .
Recent American events paint an ominous picture of a Master Class that is now in total control .
When 90 % of the American people vehemently rejected the $ 700,000,000,000.00 ( $ 700 billion ) TARP bailout plan , the Master Class put it on a fast track and approved it anyway .
When a clear majority of the American people said no to a government takeover of Chrysler and GM , the Master Class poured billions of taxpayer dollars into those corporate sinkholes and took them over anyway .
When the people said no to multi-trillion dollar crony bailouts for the bankers and insurers whose corruption had caused global financial mayhem , the government pledged to those elite insiders more than $ 13,000,000,000,000.00 ( $ 13 trillion ) of the people ’s money anyway .
When the people expressed astonishment and anger that Wall Street planned to pay itself record 2009 bonuses , in the midst of America ’s worst - ever fiscal and financial crisis caused by them , Wall Street stuffed its pockets with taxpayer - supported bonus money anyway .
When the people said no to a proposed $ 40,000,000,000.00 ( $ 40 billion ) bailout of AIG and its elite trading partners such as Goldman Sachs ( an amount that subsequently exploded to $ 180,000,000,000.00 + ( $ 180 + billion ) ) , the Master Class went underground , covertly misappropriated taxpayer money and made the payoffs anyway .
When Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac were nationalized at enormous taxpayer expense , the government approved $ 6,000,000.00 individual pay packages in 2009 ( 150 times the average American wage ) for the CEOs of both failed companies anyway .
When a clear majority of the people said no to nationalized health care , even after being bombarded by a multi-million dollar , lie - drenched propaganda campaign designed to bamboozle them , the House and Senate passed nationalized health care bills anyway .
When more than seven million American workers lost their jobs and were subsisting on unemployment benefits and food stamps , federal government employees , who now earn DOUBLE what private sector workers earn , were given another round of pay and benefits increases anyway .
When private sector workers ’ 401Ks and IRA retirement plans plummeted in value due to economic collapse and endemic Wall Street - orchestrated market corruption ( including systemic front running , flash trading , naked short selling and other manipulations ) , government “ defined benefit , ” lifetime - cost - of - living - adjusted pension plans , despite already being underfunded by $ 2,000,000,000,000.00 ( $ 2 trillion ) , were made richer than ever anyway .
The long , shameful litany of events signaling the total divorce between the Master Class and the people of the United States does n’t stop there .
It goes on and on .
The message from the American Master Class to the American people is simple and clear :
We Defy You .
Governments that openly defy the people are either already totalitarian or in the process of becoming so .
Monetarily , the United States clearly functions as a totalitarian dictatorship already , with a Federal Reserve that operates in secrecy , creates limitless amounts of debt and currency at will , and showers trillions of dollars upon favored Master Class insiders with zero transparency or accountability whatsoever .
The Federal Reserve is so shameless about its dictatorial powers that it flatly refuses to provide details about multi-trillion dollar bailouts and rescues of privileged elites , in open defiance of Congress and the people .
The fact that they get away with these blatant acts of defiance demonstrates the true extent of the Master Class chokehold on America .
If the Master Class were a benign despot and if its policies and programs actually worked , that would be one thing .
But that is not the case .
Rather , its programs are in a complete shambles .
Every single government entitlement program in the United States is bankrupt .
This includes Social Security ( $ 17,500,000,000,000.00 underfunded ; $ 17.5 trillion ) ; Medicare Part A ( $ 36,700,000,000,000.00 underfunded ; $ 36.7 trillion ) ; Medicare Part B ( $ 37,000,000,000,000.00 underfunded ; $ 37 trillion ) ; Medicare Part D ( $ 15,600,000,000,000 underfunded ; $ 15.6 trillion ) , Government and military pensions ( $ 2,000,000,000,000 underfunded ; $ 2 trillion ) , Food Stamps ( current underfunding difficult to measure because the number of recipients is exploding ; hundreds of billions underfunded versus original projections , minimum ) ; and the list goes on .
The above underfunding amounts are NET of projected tax receipts over the next 50 years .
But the current recession has invalidated virtually all long - term budget and tax receipt assumptions , meaning that the true underfunded amounts are now greater than current , already mind - boggling estimates .
While the above statistics are terrifying enough to any citizen with a functioning brain , what is Twilight Zone - eerie and a far more serious cause for alarm is the casual indifference with which the Master Class is now making the country ’s dire and irreparable fiscal circumstances even worse .
The nationalized health care program will cost at least $ 1 trillion over the next ten years , and most likely multiples of that .
It is being crammed down America ’s throat by a bankrupt government that does not have the money today and will not have the money tomorrow to pay for it .
Worse is the fact that the same government that has bankrupted each and every existing social program now intends to directly or indirectly control the health care of all citizens .
Based on the government ’s existing track record and the health care program ’s enormous complexity , invasiveness and cost , the probability that it will become a national fiscal and humanitarian catastrophe is roughly 100 % .
“ Cap and Trade ” is a multi-trillion dollar tax scam being foisted onto the American public without a legitimate debate or popular referendum .
You might be surprised to learn that “ Climate Revenues ” are already included in the federal budget , starting with $ 79,000,000,000.00 ( $ 79 billion ) in fiscal year 2012 , which begins only 20 months from now .
During fiscal years 2012 through 2019 , the government expects to collect $ 646,000,000,000.00 ( $ 646 billion ) in “ Climate Revenues , ” a completely new tax category .
Have any of your elected traitors told you that they have enacted $ 646,000,000,000.00 ( $ 646 billion ) in “ Climate ” taxes beginning twenty months from now and continuing forever ?
These “ Climate Revenues ” are based on junk science , lies and hysteria , and have been pimped by greed - diseased parasites who seek to make billions from operating and manipulating the Cap and Trade “ marketplace . ”
Favored elitists such as Hank Paulson , Al Gore , General Electric and Goldman Sachs , among others , have positioned themselves to profit from the nation ’s upcoming Cap and Trade tax misery and economic debilitation .
The reality is that the giant Ponzi scheme called the United States of America is running out of money .
In any Ponzi scheme , money must constantly be poured into the top of the funnel in order to pay the redeemers at the bottom .
As the number of redeemers has grown , tax receipts have fallen far short of covering their withdrawals , a problem that has now become an outright government funding emergency further aggravated by the fiscal , financial and economic crises .
If the Washington and Wall Street Axis were not legally able to create and distribute counterfeit American money , the Ponzi scheme would have collapsed already .
Trillions of new , out - of - thin - air , printing - press and electronic “ dollars ” have bought the Axis additional time , but new sources of revenue must immediately be found to keep the scam alive .
Congress is fully aware of this reality .
Outright tax increases would be bad politics during a recession that is morphing into a depression , and also bad for 2010 re-election campaigns , so they can not be implemented .
Therefore , Congress continues to advance the health care and Cap and Trade agendas , which are nothing but taxation Trojan Horses festooned in righteousness and sanctimony , despite overwhelming popular opposition .
If the nationalized health care program is passed , revenues and fees will kick in immediately in 2010 , whereas costs will not begin to accrue until 2012 and later .
The government plans to spend the revenues immediately to forestall a total fiscal collapse .
Nationalized health care has absolutely nothing to do with health care ; it has to do with creating an immediate revenue stream to help fix the current government funding crisis .
Similarly , Cap and Trade has nothing to do with fixing the environment .
It , too , is nothing more than a massive tax increase similarly designed to address the government ’s epic funding shortfall , with thick slices of pork thrown in for privileged insiders and deceitful propagandists like bloated “ Father of the Internet ” and now “ Savior of the World ” Al Gore .
The last thing the Master Class wants is for the people to understand the disastrous state of the nation ’s finances .
Master Class brainwashing tells the people that it is “ negative ” and “ pessimistic ” to look at the facts , despite the fact that psychological health is characterized by the ability to identify and deal with reality .
The Master Class wants the people to put on Bozo the Clown happy faces and let sugar plums and green shoots dance in their brains as they write one check after another to pay for Cap and Trade , nationalized health care , and a mind - numbing assortment of other taxes and fees .
On Sunday night , November 30 , 2009 , North Korea ’s dictator Kim Jong Il ( a name that says it all , even better than Made - off ’s ) , an international poster child of Master Class psychological illness , devalued his country ’s currency by 99 % .
This vicious tyrant , who has given birth to a national hell on earth , is chauffeured in Mercedes Benz limousines , drinks the finest imported whiskies and dines in imperial dignity on foods prepared by personal chefs while his citizens starve to death on the streets or , at best , eke out a subsistence living .
Kim became paranoid that the people were actually figuring out how to improve their pitiful , impoverished lives in tiny ways , so he decided to wipe them out .
The people were given one week to exchange their money at a rate of 100 old Won for 1 new Won .
Any lifetime family savings in excess of roughly $ 700.00 were simply confiscated by the North Korean government .
To keep the people in line , the military and police were put on high alert , fully prepared to kill or arrest any protesters .
On January 9 , 2010 , Venezuela ’s strong man Hugo Chavez devalued his country ’s currency by 50 % , overnight and without warning , causing immediate inflation , shortages of food and supplies , and general financial chaos throughout the nation .
While you might be shaking your head in pity over the plight of the citizens of North Korea and Venezuela , ask yourself this : could this not happen in the United States ?
On April 5 , 1933 , President Franklin D. Roosevelt , an Obama hero , outlawed gold ownership overnight by signing Executive Order 6102 , which gave the people three and one - half weeks to surrender all privately - owned bullion to the government for a price of $ 20.67 per ounce .
On January 30 , 1934 , nine months after collecting the people ’s gold , Roosevelt devalued the dollar 69 % overnight , by raising the gold price from $ 20.67 to $ 35.00 per ounce .
Since its founding in 1913 , the Federal Reserve has devalued the dollar by 98 + % thanks to endless money printing and debt creation , a corrosive and impoverishing process that is now accelerating .
In the past year , the Fed has engineered $ 20 + trillion in bailouts , subsidies and guarantees for well - connected and lucky scavengers and opportunists , an amount equal to roughly 40 % of the total private wealth created in this country since its inception .
All because a few elitist government man-gods with an almost perfect record of error and failure have deemed in their imperial wisdom that it shall be so .
The citizens , whose hard - earned wealth is being systematically destroyed by this continual , government - decreed monetary debasement were never invited to the debate or given a say , which is par for the course for dictatorships .
This massive de facto devaluation now hangs over the people ’s wealth like a great monetary sword of Damocles .
Conceptually , whether it is a 50 % overnight devaluation in Venezuela , a 69 % overnight devaluation in the United States , a 98 % devaluation in America over time , or a 99 % overnight devaluation in North Korea , what is the difference ?
The fact is : there is no difference ; monetary debasements are all the same .
In each and every case , the people ’s wealth is stolen via government edict , while the people stand by helplessly and in shock .
So one must ask :
For whom does the bell toll ?
A foreign “ them , ” or a domestic us ?
Who is to say that you will not be told tomorrow morning that , effective immediately , in accordance with some perversely named mandate such as the “ American Monetary Security , Wealth Preservation and Terrorism Prevention Act , ” enacted by emergency for “ the safety of the nation and the financial well being of the citizens , ” all existing currency and bank balances will be redenominated in “ New Dollars , ” at a conversion rate of 1 new for every 100 old currency units ?
Would this not simply be another , almost predictable act of defiance toward the American people by the Master Class ?
And if that happened , do you honestly believe that the Master Class would not have been alerted in advance and allowed to make special preparations for itself ahead of the devaluation ?
Do you think they intend to go down in the same ship as the people they defy ?
If such a currency devaluation were announced , what could you do about it ?
March on Washington ?
But how would you get there if your money had been wiped out ?
Despite what you may hear from State Media , which includes virtually all establishment news organizations , particularly financial ones ( e.g. , CNBC ) , America is on the precipice .
No bankrupt nation in history has ever defended or preserved the freedoms of its citizens .
In fact , it has been the exact opposite : in desperation , bankrupt governments have routinely plundered their citizens ’ wealth and imposed totalitarian controls .
What will make things different for the United States , the largest debtor nation in all of recorded civilization ?
The United States government cannot ever , possibly pay its debts , is pathologically incapable of controlling its spending or curbing its hunger for both domestic and international empire and persistently refuses to tell the American people the truth .
If America ’s citizens were told the truth and given the benefit of true leadership , as opposed to the guile and dishonesty of an endless array of political liars and hacks , perhaps they could rally and defeat the problems that afflict them .
But instead , they are fed by the Master Class a steady diet of narcotic propaganda that deludes , confuses and enervates them .
The truth cannot set people free if it is never told , and that is the essence of America ’s gathering tragedy .
In a future article , we will detail specific developments you should watch for to chart the course of America ’s ominous and potentially deadly national storm .
The current , grave situation is already a clear call to action .
When the signals become even more urgent , it will be late in the game to take protective action , and possibly too late .
Citizens should begin to prepare now not just for financial survival , but for the personal security of themselves and their loved ones should a Category 5 economic and political hurricane rip into the nation , something that becomes more likely every day .
With respect to personal finances , in virtually every national currency devaluation and major political upheaval in the past , gold has represented sanctuary for the affected people .
Gold has not just preserved wealth , but personal freedom as well .
While governments can devalue fiat currencies , they cannot , by edict , devalue gold .
Yes , they can try to manipulate its price , but unless all governments join in the collusion , ultimately the price will return to market .
The market for gold is global , and demand exists in all nations and among all peoples .
Should the government attempt to confiscate gold , it will be an outright admission that the financial system is collapsing , and the people will know better than to hand over to a corrupt government their only means of survival .
The most important point is this : devalued currencies never rise again .
Once they are destroyed , they are gone forever , and those whose wealth had once been denominated in them are wiped out .
As you have no doubt heard before , not one fiat currency has survived over time , and that is an indisputable fact .
More significantly , no fiat currency has ever suffered the abuse that has been inflicted upon the United States dollar , meaning that it is at extreme risk .
Gold has been money for 5,000 years .
It has not merely survived , it has prevailed over each and every fiat currency collapse throughout history .
Given this , the most important financial question a person can ask him - or herself today is :
How is my wealth denominated at this time ?
And given its denomination , is my wealth likely to be safe in current and evolving circumstances ?
One thing is certain : as the epic David and Goliath monetary battle unfolds , between the people fighting to defend their hard - earned wealth on one side , and a Master Class that greedily and pathologically wants to plunder them on the other , the price of gold will become extremely volatile for a period of time .
Volatility will , in fact , tell you that the War on Wealth has officially been declared , and will be your signal to do whatever you must to protect what is yours .
As the government Goliath and its Master Class allies short tonnes of bullion into rigged futures markets in a desperate attempt to make gold look dangerous and risky , the Davids will be coming forth not just in the United States but from all corners of the globe , buying 10 grams here and one ounce there .
There are 6.8 billion Davids , versus one diseased Master Class that numbers in the small millions .
There is no way the Master Class can defeat the people , if the people finally rise up and say “ No More of Your Plunder .
No More of Your Cold and Soulless Financial Oppression .
No More of Your Cynical and Godless Exploitation . ”
If you find the above argument compelling , you should consider how to protect yourself from Executive Orders that could be issued at any time , under any pretext , and that could be extremely hostile to your financial and / or personal health and well being .
One simple way to start is to purchase one ounce of gold for yourself and each member of your household , and much more if you can afford it .
That is not financial advice ; it is merely the common sense generously communicated to you by history .
Stewart Dougherty
*****
Stewart Dougherty is a specialist in inferential analysis , the practice of identifying historic and contemporary patterns and then extrapolating their likely effects upon the future .
Dougherty was educated at Tufts University ( B.A. , magna cum laude ) , and Harvard Business School ( M.B.A. and an academic Fellow ) .
He can be reached at stewartdougherty@cs.com .
He is not affiliated with or compensated by those he references or recommends .
He does not offer investment or trading advice , and nothing in this article should be construed as such .
This article represents the author ’s personal opinions , and nothing more .
The reader has the author ’s permission to share , print , forward or post this article provided that the content is not changed and the author is acknowledged .
Copyright 2010 by Stewart Dougherty , with all rights reserved .
i Phone app developers never cease to amaze me , re-inventing not only the software , but also the hardware itself , like the iPhone air blower app .
Or Pocket Heat , which can turn your iPhone into a hand heater .
Here 's how it works :
Advertisement
Easy :
The app puts your iPhone on overdrive , using 100 % of its processing power .
That , as you probably have noticed with some applications , makes the components overheat , which in turn can warm up your hands .
There 's another application like this , called iHandWarmer , but Pocket Heater wins because of its really beautiful retro design .
Both apps will kill your battery pretty quickly , though , but I 'd choose having a dead iPhone over having my finger fall of because of frostbite .
[ iTunes Apple Store via Krapps ]
APRIL 27 , 2011 UPDATE : I do n’t even update this blog anymore , but every once in a while , I get an email that someone has commented on this post .
I want to clarify : I do not take credit for the content of this post .
Neither does the person who forwarded me the Facebook message with the content in it – it was one of those pass - along to make your friends laugh type things , and I thought it was great , so I wanted to share it .
Sorry for any confusion .
I ’ve been told it ’s from www.ruminations.com
ORIGINAL POST :
This is the most identifiable collection of thoughts I ever read .
I did n’t write it , and I have no idea who did , but it ’s awesome …( courtesy of a facebook note by Yomssss )
Random thoughts from people our age …
1. I wish Google Maps had an “ Avoid Ghetto ” routing option .
2 . More often than not , when someone is telling me a story all I can think about is that I can’t wait for them to finish so that I can tell my own story that ’s not only better , but also more directly involves me .
3 . Nothing sucks more than that moment during an argument when you realize you ’re wrong .
4 . I do n’t understand the purpose of the line , “ I do n’t need to drink to have fun . ”
Great , no one does .
But why start a fire with flint and sticks when they ’ve invented the lighter ?
5 . Have you ever been walking down the street and realized that you ’re going in the complete opposite direction of where you are supposed to be going ?
But instead of just turning a 180 and walking back in the direction from which you came , you have to first do something like check your watch or phone or make a grand arm gesture and mutter to yourself to ensure that no one in the surrounding area thinks you ’re crazy by randomly switching directions on the sidewalk .
6 . That ’s enough , Nickelback .
7 . I totally take back all those times I did n’t want to nap when I was younger .
8 . Is it just me , or are 80 % of the people in the “ people you may know ” feature on Facebook people that I do know , but I deliberately choose not to be friends with ?
9 . Do you remember when you were a kid , playing Nintendo and it would n’t work ?
You take the cartridge out , blow in it and that would magically fix the problem .
Every kid in America did that , but how did we all know how to fix the problem ?
There was no internet or message boards or FAQ’s .
We just figured it out .
Today ’s kids are soft .
10 .
There is a great need for sarcasm font .
11 . Sometimes , I ’ll watch a movie that I watched when I was younger and suddenly realize I had no idea what the f was going on when I first saw it .
12 . I think everyone has a movie that they love so much , it actually becomes stressful to watch it with other people .
I ’ll end up wasting 90 minutes shiftily glancing around to confirm that everyone ’s laughing at the right parts , then making sure I laugh just a little bit harder ( and a millisecond earlier ) to prove that I ’m still the only one who really , really gets it .
13 .
How the hell are you supposed to fold a fitted sheet ?
14 . I would rather try to carry 10 plastic grocery bags in each hand than take 2 trips to bring my groceries in .
15 . I think part of a best friend ’s job should be to immediately clear your computer history if you die .
16 .
The only time I look forward to a red light is when I ’m trying to finish a text .
17 . A recent study has shown that playing beer pong contributes to the spread of mono and the flu .
Yeah , if you suck at it .
18 . Was learning cursive really necessary ?
19 .
Lol has gone from meaning , “ laugh out loud ” to “ I have nothing else to say ” .
20 . I have a hard time deciphering the fine line between boredom and hunger .
21 . Answering the same letter three times or more in a row on a Scantron test is absolutely petrifying .
22 . My brother ’s Municipal League baseball team is named the Stepdads .
Seeing as none of the guys on the team are actual stepdads , I inquired about the name .
He explained , “ Cuz we beat you , and you hate us . ”
Classy , bro .
23 .
Whenever someone says “ I ’m not book smart , but I ’m street smart ” , all I hear is “ I ’m not real smart , but I ’m imaginary smart ” .
24 .
How many times is it appropriate to say “ What ? ” before you just nod and smile because you still did n’t hear what they said ?
25 . I love the sense of camaraderie when an entire line of cars teams up to prevent a dick from cutting in at the front .
Stay strong , brothers !
26 . Every time I have to spell a word over the phone using ‘ as in ’ examples , I will undoubtedly draw a blank and sound like a complete idiot .
Today I had to spell my boss ’s last name to an attorney and said “ Yes that ’s G as in …( 10 second lapse ) ..ummm… Goonies ”
27 .
What would happen if I hired two private investigators to follow each other ?
28 . While driving yesterday I saw a banana peel in the road and instinctively swerved to avoid it … thanks Mario Kart .
29 . MapQuest really needs to start their directions on # 5 .
Pretty sure I know how to get out of my neighborhood .
30 .
Obituaries would be a lot more interesting if they told you how the person died .
31 . I find it hard to believe there are actually people who get in the shower first and THEN turn on the water .
32 . Shirts get dirty .
Underwear gets dirty .
Pants ?
Pants never get dirty , and you can wear them forever .
33 . I would like to officially coin the phrase ‘ catching the swine flu ’ to be used as a way to make fun of a friend for hooking up with an overweight woman .
Example : “ Dave caught the swine flu last night . ”
34 . I ca n’t remember the last time I was n’t at least kind of tired .
35 . Bad decisions make good stories
36 . Whenever I ’m Facebook stalking someone and I find out that their profile is public I feel like a kid on Christmas morning who just got the Red Ryder BB gun that I always wanted .
546 pictures ?
Do n’t mind if I do !
37 .
Is it just me or do high school girls get sluttier & sluttier every year ?
38 . If Carmen San Diego and Waldo ever got together , their offspring would probably just be completely invisible .
39 .
Why is it that during an ice - breaker , when the whole room has to go around and say their name and where they are from , I get so incredibly nervous ?
Like I know my name , I know where I ’m from , this should n’t be a problem … .
40 .
You never know when it will strike , but there comes a moment at work when you ’ve made up your mind that you just are n’t doing anything productive for the rest of the day .
41 . Can we all just agree to ignore whatever comes after DVDs ?
I do n’t want to have to restart my collection .
42 . There ’s no worse feeling than that millisecond you ’re sure you are going to die after leaning your chair back a little too far .
43 . I ’m always slightly terrified when I exit out of Word and it asks me if I want to save any changes to my ten page research paper that I swear I did not make any changes to .
44 . “ Do not machine wash or tumble dry ” means I will never wash this ever .
45 . I hate being the one with the remote in a room full of people watching TV ..
There ’s so much pressure .
‘ I love this show , but will they judge me if I keep it on ?
I bet everyone is wishing we were n’t watching this .
It ’s only a matter of time before they all get up and leave the room .
Will we still be friends after this ?’
46 . I hate when I just miss a call by the last ring ( Hello ? Hello ? Dammit ! ) , but when I immediately call back , it rings nine times and goes to voicemail .
What ’d you do after I did n’t answer ?
Drop the phone and run away ?
47 . I hate leaving my house confident and looking good and then not seeing anyone of importance the entire day .
What a waste .
48 .
When I meet a new girl , I ’m terrified of mentioning something she has n’t already told me but that I have learned from some light internet stalking .
49 .
I like all of the music in my iTunes , except when it ’s on shuffle , then I like about one in every fifteen songs in my iTunes .
50 .
Why is a school zone 20 mph ?
That seems like the optimal cruising speed for pedophiles …
51 .
As a driver I hate pedestrians , and as a pedestrian I hate drivers , but no matter what the mode of transportation , I always hate cyclists .
52 . Sometimes I ’ll look down at my watch 3 consecutive times and still not know what time it is .
53 .
It should probably be called Unplanned Parenthood .
54 . I keep some people ’s phone numbers in my phone just so I know not to answer when they call .
55 .
Even if I knew your social security number , I would n’t know what do to with it .
56 .
Even under ideal conditions people have trouble locating their car keys in a pocket , hitting the G - spot , and Pinning the Tail on the Donkey – but I ’d bet my ass everyone can find and push the Snooze button from 3 feet away , in about 1.7 seconds , eyes closed , first time every time …
57 .
My 4 - year old son asked me in the car the other day “ Dad what would happen if you ran over a ninja ? ”
How the hell do I respond to that ?
58 .
It really pisses me off when I want to read a story on CNN.com and the link takes me to a video instead of text .
59 .
I wonder if cops ever get pissed off at the fact that everyone they drive behind obeys the speed limit .
60 .
I think the freezer deserves a light as well .
61 . I disagree with Kay Jewelers .
I would bet on any given Friday or Saturday night more kisses begin with Miller Lites than Kay .
62 . The other night I ordered takeout , and when I looked in the bag , saw they had included four sets of plastic silverware .
In other words , someone at the restaurant packed my order , took a second to think about it , and then estimated that there must be at least four people eating to require such a large amount of food .
Too bad I was eating by myself .
There ’s nothing like being made to feel like a fat bastard before dinner
But even if the IPCC ’s iconic statement were correct , it still would not be cause for alarm … .
The potential ( and only the potential ) for alarm enters with the issue of climate sensitivity — which refers to the change that a doubling of CO2 will produce in [ global mean temperatures ] .
– Richard Lindzen , Wall Street Journal , November 30 , 2009
Defenders of the IPCC position on climate science have adopted different strategies in dealing with the scandal of the CRU emails and computer code .
Some authoritative voices , notably Judy Curry , have engaged in dialog with skeptics and have reassured PhD students that the “ tribalism ” revealed in the CRU emails has no place in science .
On the other hand , another very common reaction has been to mock the “ deniers ” for taking certain phrases out of context .
This circle - the - wagons strategy tries to convince the public that the CRU episode has absolutely no bearing on the actual science , and that at worst it reveals petty personality flaws .
This spin is epitomized in sarcastic pieces which take on the voice of the “ deniers ” and claim that the laws of physics are all a socialist hoax too .
These defenses are self - evidently absurd to anyone who has read the actual CRU emails in question .
The public ’s faith in the sacrosanct “ peer - review process ” will be understandably shaken when they read just how this “ consensus ” was enforced .
Furthermore , the real debate was not between ultra-skeptics who say “ global warming is a hoax ” versus professional climate scientists who say “ anthropogenic climate change is real . ”
No , the true debate has been among practicing climatologists , with some arguing that the global climate ’s sensitivity to a doubling of greenhouse gas concentrations may be well below the IPCC AR4 ’s reported range of 2C – 4.5C .
If these “ skeptics ” –such as Richard Lindzen , Pat Michaels , and Roy Spencer–are right , then the case for large - scale government intervention to penalize carbon emissions is considerably weakened .
In this context , the evidence brought to light by “ Climategate ” may be very significant , because it reaffirms the chinks in the IPCC armor that the educated skeptics have been pointing out for years .
It ’s true , an email from Phil Jones by itself does n’t make Richard Lindzen right or wrong , but when policymakers need to decide which scientific experts they can trust , then the CRU emails are very relevant .
Trying to Lump All Skeptics With Rush Limbaugh .
It is definitely true that some opponents of cap - and - trade have used the episode to make over - the - top declarations .
For example , Rush Limbaugh has repeatedly said that global warming is a hoax , and a Fox News interviewer asked Kevin Trenberth if some of the CRU emails “ do n’t necessarily support the consensus view that global warming is real … Would you agree ? ”
Now if an actual scientist connected with the IPCC wants to debate such points , he or she will be shooting fish in a barrel .
For one thing , there ’s the sloppy terminology .
“ Global warming ” is certainly not a hoax–we can be very confident that the earth is warmer now than it was in the year 1850 .
Of course , what Limbaugh and the Fox interviewer meant was , “ The theory that says governments around the world need to heavily intervene in their energy sectors right away , or else our grandchildren will face climate catastrophes , cannot be justified by careful scientific research . ”
Yet by using sloppy language , some of the loudest critics of Al Gore et al . end up justifying the caricatures of their opponents .
For example , by flatly denouncing “ global warming ” per se , the critics allow someone like George Monbiot to ridicule their paranoia by imagining a worldwide campaign to first infiltrate the ranks of the physicists and invent the heat - trapping ability of carbon dioxide , and then to falsify thermometer readings .
Lindzen , Michaels , Spencer , et al .
Know the Laws of Physics .
Although they might be amusing to some , the physics analogies offered in the wake of Climategate miss the point .
For example a group post at RealClimate tried to contain the PR damage by saying :
It ’s obvious that the noise - generating components of the blogosphere will generate a lot of noise about this .
but it ’s important to remember that science does n’t work because people are polite at all times .
Gravity is n’t a useful theory because Newton was a nice person .
QED is n’t powerful because Feynman was respectful of other people around him .
Such glib responses make it sound as if the support for the IPCC consensus is as rock - solid as the existence of gravity , but of course that ’s not true .
First of all , Newton ’s theory of gravity turned out to be wrong ; it was superseded by Einstein ’s more general explanation .
In the context of CRU and the skeptics , the issue is n’t , “ Is ‘ climate ’ a useful theory to explain thermometer readings ? ”
No , the real debate concerns very specific and quantitative disagreements .
The reason QED ( quantum electrodynamics ) is powerful is that it allowed physicists to make very precise predictions that were experimentally verified .
The True Signficance of Climategate .
We finally come to the true revelations of the CRU emails , at least from my vantage point as an economist who has not formally studied climate science .
I think it is fair to summarize the broad disputes by saying that experts such as Lindzen , Michaels , and Spencer have raised serious critiques of the global climate models used by the IPCC , or at least of the conclusions that the IPCC has drawn from such simulations .
In response , the IPCC ’s standard bearers ( such as the crew of RealClimate ) have confidently stated that the consensus is in , the debate is over , there is no serious doubt about what the models are telling us , etc .
Now as an outsider with no formal training , I personally can’t truly judge these disputes .
I can think of analogies in economics where the position of Phil Jones et al. is understandable .
For example , a few years ago many critics of outsourcing were arguing that the standard economic case for free trade was based on flawed assumptions .
Most economists –including me–dismissed these “ dissenters ” as making minor technical objections that did n’t really affect the final policy decisions , and worse they were feeding into the hands of politicians who cared nothing about economic models but wanted to pass pro-union protectionist legislation .
So I thought it was certainly possible that the mainstream climate modelers were telling the truth when they said they had no doubt about the reliability of their models .
Perhaps their critics –who may have been perfectly sincere–really were making mountains out of molehills , and worse yet were being used by politicians who did n’t really care about the truth of the science .
The revelations from Climategate have made me much more willing to believe the critics who claim that the global climate models cannot bear the weight that so many are putting on them .
To me , the silly CRU emails about beating up Pat Michaels , or being glad that a skeptic had died , were irrelevant and have no bearing on what we should think of the IPCC projections .
True Jaw - Dropper : The Wigley and Trenberth Exchange .
In contrast to these harmless remarks , this email exchange between Tom Wigley and Kevin Trenberth stunned me .
Most coverage of the CRU emails has mentioned Trenberth ’s statement , “ The fact is that we ca n’t account for the lack of warming at the moment and it is a travesty that we can ’t . ”
But the folks at RealClimate have argued ( seemingly plausibly ) that Trenberth was just being a good scientist , wanting to dot his i‘s and cross his t‘s .
According to the damage control coming from RealClimate , the public should n’t buy into the lies of the deniers and think that Trenberth was doubting the basic idea that human activity is responsible for 20th century warming .
But hold on just a second .
Trenberth ’s follow - up email was even more interesting than the one receiving the bulk of the press coverage .
Tom Wigley quoted Trenberth ’s statement and said , “ I do not agree with this . ”
In other words , Wigley was saying that he thought he and his colleagues could explain the lack of warming , and so there was no travesty .
To this Trenberth replied ( bold has been added ) :
Hi Tom
How come you do not agree with a statement that says we are no where close to knowing where energy is going or whether clouds are changing to make the planet brighter .
We are not close to balancing the energy budget .
The fact that we can not account for what is happening in the climate system makes any consideration of geoengineering quite hopeless as we will never be able to tell if it is successful or not !
It is a travesty !
Kevin
At the risk of being melodramatic , I do declare that the above email is simply jaw - dropping .
If the climate scientists cannot tell if a particular remedy is working , it means that they are n’t exactly sure how the climate would have evolved in the absence of such a remedy .
In other words , Trenberth at least is admitting that he is not at all confident in the precise , quantitative predictions that the alarmists are citing as proof of the need for immediate government intervention .
And this expression of doubt was n’t from the distant past : Trenberth sent the above email in October of this year !
Gavin Schmidt : “ All the Rest Is Economics . ”
In a totally different context , Gavin Schmidt ( perhaps unwittingly ) gave away the game when he emailed this quote to journalist Andy Revkin :
If you ask a scientist how much more CO2 do you think we should add to the atmosphere , the answer is going to be none .
All the rest is economics .
Since that is Schmidt ’s view , it ’s not surprising that he thinks Climategate is much ado about nothing .
Whether the climate sensitivity is 1.9C , 2.8C , or 5.2C , what ’s the difference ?
We ’re already pushing into the zone of climate damages , and so further emissions are just going to dig us into a deeper hole , right ?
But as Schmidt acknowledged , that ’s just looking at the theoretical benefits of limiting further greenhouse gas emissions .
( Let ’s neglect the studies arguing that modest warming actually confers net benefits on the world . )
The costs of limiting emissions also need to be considered .
By forcing people to use more expensive energy sources , government constraints on emissions necessarily reduce material output .
There is a tradeoff between avoiding future climate damages , and reducing traditional economic output .
Conclusion .
The scholarly skeptics do not doubt that the earth is warmer now than it was in 1850 , and they do n’t doubt that higher global temperatures would have noticeable effects on migratory patterns , ice sheets , and so forth .
The real debate has been and continues to be :
What fraction of this warming can be attributed to human activities ?
And then extrapolating , what will be the likely impacts on the climate if economic activity continues on its present trajectory ?
When it comes to nuanced questions such as these–as opposed to loud mouths declaring , “ Global warming is a hoax ! ” – the CRU emails and computer code are very revealing .
Those of us who are not experts on climate models now have proof that the official line that “ the science is settled ” was a bluff .
Of course it ’s still possible that the IPCC projections may turn out to be accurate when all is said and done , but the confidence we should right now place in their modeling is much lower than what their biggest enthusiasts have been assuring us for years .
( Adds details from report )
WASHINGTON , Jan 30 ( Reuters ) - President Barack Obama will unveil a $ 3.8 trillion budget proposal on Monday for fiscal 2011 , the New York Times reported on Saturday .
The White House declined to comment on the report .
The newspaper said the budget would include $ 25 billion for struggling states and provide funding increases for programs at the Energy Department , National Institutes of Health , National Science Foundation and the Census Bureau .
An administration official confirmed to Reuters that the budget would include a 6 percent increase in civilian research programs .
The budget would also provide more funds for military programs , including the Pentagon ’s Special Operations forces , the U.S. Army ’s Black Hawk and Chinook helicopters , and the F - 35 Joint Strike Fighter .
Other programs and agencies would face cuts .
Space agency NASA ’s mission to fly back to the moon would be scrapped , the paper said , and some public works projects by the Army Corps of Engineers would also lose funding .
The president has previously said he would propose a three - year spending freeze on some domestic programs that would save $ 250 billion by 2020 .
Spending at the agencies facing cuts would be kept at $ 447 billion annually through 2013 , the New York Times said , leading to a savings of $ 10 billion in the coming fiscal year .
( Reporting by Jeff Mason , editing by Anthony Boadle )
A letter for your school principal ( and nursing staff )
( NaturalNews )
After reading about the forced vaccination of a Brooklyn schoolgirl who ended up in the hospital , many parents are concerned about how they might protect their own children from school - based vaccination schemes .
To help parents protect their children , I 've written a letter that you may copy , modify and use as a warning to the principal of the school (s ) where your own children are students .
This letter will serve as a warning to the school principal that if your child is vaccinated without your permission , you will unleash a hellstorm of legal action and media attention that every school principal desperately wishes to avoid .
( Feel free to modify this letter to tone down the language a bit if you already have a friendly relationship with your local school principal . )
Once you 're satisfied with the language , print and sign this letter , thenso the signing date can be proven in court .
When that 's complete , mail a copy to your school using ( so you have proof it was delivered ) , then print off another copy for your child to carry with them at all times .
Instruct your child that if they are called to the nurse 's office to be injected with the vaccine , they should produce this note and show it to the nurse .
You may also instruct your child to protect themselves by running from the nurse 's office and calling you at home or work ( print your phone number on the back of the note ) .
Role - play this scenario to make sure your child understands exactly what you 're asking them to do .
Otherwise , they will usually just do what they 're told at school , especially if they are threatened with getting into trouble by school teachers or nurses .
This letter has n't been reviewed by a lawyer .
If you want a stronger legal angle for your letter , take this to your lawyer and ask them to beef it up with more " lawyer language .
" This letter , by the way , is offered as - is , with no guarantees .
It 's simply being published here on NaturalNews as a public service to give concerned parents something they can use to help protect the health of their children from overzealous vaccination schemes .
( Note :
You may need to alter the gender references in the letter below if your child is a girl .
The note is written using " he . " )
From : ( Your name here ) Date : ( Insert date here ) RE : Request for NON - vaccination of my child ( insert child 's name here ) Dear Principal Johnson ( and the nursing staff ) , This letter is to inform you that as a parent of a child in your school , I do not consent to any H1N1 ( Swine Flu ) vaccination of my child , ( insert child 's name here ) , and that if my child is subjected to such a vaccine without my permission , I will consider that a gross violation of not only my parental rights , but the civil rights of my child .
The H1N1 swine flu vaccines currently being given to schoolchildren in America were approved by the FDA using an unlawful waiver that allowed the vaccines to be approved with absolutely no credible scientific testing .
No adequate safety or efficacy testing has been conducted on any of the swine flu vaccines , and those children who are being injected with the vaccines are being treated as human guinea pigs .
H1N1 swine flu has also turned out to be so mild that it can be easily overcome with a healthy immune system aided by healthy levels of circulating vitamin D .
My child takes vitamin D supplementation and therefore has an extremely healthy , active immune system that can easily mount its own antibody response against swine flu or other forms of influenza .
Because of his immune system health and nutritional regimen , my child poses no health threat as a " carrier " of the swine flu , even without being vaccinated .
As a parent , part of my responsibility to my child is to protect them from potentially dangerous chemicals or unproven medications that may cause neurological side effects .
A previous batch of swine flu vaccines in 1976 are now known to have caused Guillain - Barre Syndrome ( GBS ) , a serious neurological disorder that can cause paralysis or death .
The risk of such side effects may be small , but they are permanent and not worth the claimed protection against a disease that , according to CDC statistics , is many times less virulent than regular seasonal flu .
Please make note that my child is not to receive any vaccinations without my prior written consent , and that if my child is subjected to vaccines of any kind without such permission , I will immediately seek legal counsel in an attempt to hold your school responsible for all long - term medical costs potentially associated with the vaccine side effects .
I will also sue for violation of my child 's civil rights .
Should such a scenario unfold , I also plan to go public with this story at both the local and national levels in order to bring increased awareness to this gross violation of parental rights .
A copy of this signed and dated letter will be made available to the press to prove that I clearly and specifically requested my child NOT be vaccinated .
I will also be happy to provide this documentation to whatever state regulators or law enforcement investigators may become involved at that point .
You may avoid all of this by honoring my request to safeguard my child from any and all H1N1 ( Swine Flu ) vaccines being given at your school .
Regards , ( Your name here ) ( Notary stamp here )
If your child is violated with a vaccine without your permission , please contact NaturalNews so that we may bring awareness to your story ( if you wish ) .
Your credibility will be greatly improved if you have a signed , notarized and dated letter ( along with proof of mail delivery ) stating your desire to avoid having your child vaccinated .
It has been home to some of Britain 's most notorious murderers .
Now Broadmoor hospital , the country 's best - known high - security psychiatric hospital , could be sold off to developers and converted into a hotel or luxury flats .
The Victorian buildings , which house 260 of the most dangerous and violent patients , may be transformed with the inmates ' old rooms being turned into apartments or hotel bedrooms .
The money raised by the sale would help to pay for a new psychiatric hospital for male patients , among them Peter Sutcliffe , the Yorkshire Ripper , Steve Wright , the Suffolk Strangler , and Rachel Nickell 's murderer , Robert Napper .
It is anticipated that the new hospital would cost around £ 288m .
A spokesman for West London Mental Health NHS Trust , which owns the 53 - acre Broadmoor Hospital site near Crowthorne , Berkshire , said : " We have plans to build a new hospital alongside the existing Broadmoor site .
These plans are currently with the Department of Health .
Buildings and land in the current hospital complex which were no longer needed by the NHS could be sold .
A possible buyer might wish to adapt the buildings for a number of uses – which might involve hotel or housing facilities – but there would be planning constraints due to some of the buildings being listed . "
The plans were drawn up in 2003 but await final approval .
The provisional completion date of 2016 could be pushed back to 2023 because of the credit crunch .
Concerns have been raised about the standards of care at Broadmoor for 20 years .
In 2003 the hospital was described as " totally unfit for purpose " and lacking " basic standards of dignity and privacy " by the Commission for Health Improvement .
Hospital bosses were under pressure to improve facilities after the suicides of three patients in 18 months – including the death in 2007 of the " Freddy Krueger killer " Danny Gonzalez , who wondered what it would be like to be the villain from the Nightmare on Elm Street horror films , and went on a three - day rampage in September 2004 killing four people and attacking two others .
Last summer , a report by the Care Quality Commission ( CQC ) into the West London Mental Health Trust that runs Broadmoor painted a grim picture of an institution blighted by weak management , poor staffing and training , inadequate facilities and overcrowding .
The hospital had been forbidden from removing window bars used by patients to hang themselves because the building was listed .
Between 2001 and 2008 , there were eight suicides , five by hanging .
Broadmoor Hospital was the country 's first purpose - built asylum for the criminally insane , opening in 1863 after the creation of the Criminal Lunatics Act 1860 , also known as the Broadmoor Act .
Its patients have included Roderick MacLean , who attempted to assassinate Queen Victoria in 1882 .
He was sent there after being tried for high treason and found " not guilty by reason of insanity " .
Dr William Chester Minor , a former US Army physician , spent 38 years in the hospital after killing a man outside his house in London .
While staying there he sent thousands of pages of information to the first Oxford English Dictionary .
More recently its inmates have included the Moors murderer Ian Brady , Charles Bronson – known as the " most violent prisoner in Britain " – Ronnie Kray , and Kenneth Erskine , known as the Stockwell Strangler .
Best economic growth in six years
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
The U.S. economy grew at the fastest pace in more than six years during the fourth quarter of 2009 , according to a government report Friday .
The nation 's gross domestic product , the broadest measure of economic activity , rose at a 5.7 % annual rate in the fourth quarter .
That was much stronger than expected and provides another sign that a recovery in the economy is taking hold .
Economists surveyed by Briefing.com had forecast growth of 4.7 % .
Good end to a terrible year .
The growth in the fourth quarter was the highest since the third quarter of 2003 .
The economy rose at a 2.2 % annual pace in the third quarter of last year .
But even with the strong growth in the second half of 2009 , the economy shrunk by 2.4 % last year .
That was the biggest drop in 63 years and first annual decline for the economy since 1991 .
The GDP report does not mark an official end of the recession .
That determination will be made by the National Bureau of Economic Research , and that group typically waits months -- if not more than a year -- to declare when recessions ended and began .
But two straight quarters of economic growth is typically a sign of a recovery , and most economists agree that the recession ended at some point in the middle of 2009 .
The Federal Reserve even used the word " recovery " in the statement following its latest meeting earlier this week .
Inventories lead the way .
Much of the improvement was driven by a turnaround in inventories , the supply of goods that businesses produce in anticipation of sales .
Businesses slashed inventories in late 2008 and early 2009 due to concerns about worsening economic conditions .
According to Friday 's report , 3.4 percentage points of growth in the fourth quarter came from the change in inventories .
A pickup in auto production was a significant part of the inventory turnaround , even though auto sales themselves only rose modestly .
But the U.S. consumer was somewhat of a bystander in the fourth quarter , as personal consumption grew at only a 2 % annual rate in the period .
Spending by consumers accounts for more than two - thirds of economic activity .
Lakshman Achuthan , managing director of Economic Cycle Research Institute , said that growth from inventories should n't be dismissed since they are typically a driving force of strong recoveries .
" In late 2008 into 2009 everyone freaked out to prepare for Armageddon , " he said .
" They fired everybody and stopped buying inventories .
That overreaction is what 's being undone .
Yes , you have to have jobs growth , but we 'll get that next , probably in January or February . "
Other economists say the turnaround in inventories is n't enough to lead to strong growth over a sustainable period .
A better labor market that would give consumers the confidence and money they need to spend is also necessary .
" I 'm not dismissing the inventory gain , but now that inventories are getting more into line with final sales , then the thrust of economic growth depends on final demand picking up , " said John Silvia , chief economist with Wells Fargo Securities .
Stimulus , exports , also feed growth .
Economic growth in the third quarter was greatly attributed to the federal stimulus bill passed at the beginning of 2009 .
But stimulus does n't appear to have had as big of an impact in the fourth quarter .
Federal spending on stimulus does not show up on any one line of the GDP report .
In fact , government spending contributed little to growth by itself , even as non-defense spending by the federal government rose at an annual 8 % rate in the quarter .
But money pumped into the economy by tax cuts , such as the first - time home buyer tax credit , coupled with spending by businesses that received stimulus dollars , did have an impact in the quarter , even if it was harder to quantify .
An 18 % jump in the value of exports also played a major role in the economy 's rebound , contributing nearly 2 percentage points of growth .
Silvia said exports have a chance to be a significant source of growth in the coming year , helped by the weaker dollar and stronger growth in developing economies , particularly in Asia .
Investment in business equipment and software jumped at a 13 % annual rate , the biggest increase in nearly four years .
That spending added almost a full point to GDP , and is often a precursor to employers starting to hire once again .
Slower growth ahead ?
Sung Won Sohn , economics professor at Cal State University Channel Islands , said there was good news in the report , but cautioned that the economy is unlikely to keep growing at such a strong pace .
" The not - so - good news is that most of the growth came from temporary factors such as inventories and government stimulus which can't be sustained , " he said .
Sohn 's forecast is for GDP growth of 2.6 % in the first quarter , and only a bit higher than that for the full year .
Silvia expects GDP growth of 2.3 % in the first quarter of 2010 , and 2.7 % for the full year .
But Achuthan said growth does n't have to stay above 4 % or 5 % for the economy to start making significant gains .
" It is normal to have a burst of acceleration coming out of a recession , particularly a sharp recession , and then have growth ease back , " he said .
The IPCC is now damaged goods .
Pachauri is toast , and nobody will be able to cite the IPCC AR4 again without this being brought up .
The Daily Mail ’s David Rose in the UK broke this story , it is mind boggling fraud to prod “ government action ” and grants .
Emphasis in red mine .
From the Daily Mail
The scientist behind the bogus claim in a Nobel Prize - winning UN report that Himalayan glaciers will have melted by 2035 last night admitted it was included purely to put political pressure on world leaders .
Dr Murari Lal also said he was well aware the statement , in the 2007 report by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) , did not rest on peer - reviewed scientific research .
In an interview with The Mail on Sunday , Dr Lal , the co-ordinating lead author of the report ’s chapter on Asia , said : ‘ It related to several countries in this region and their water sources .
We thought that if we can highlight it , it will impact policy - makers and politicians and encourage them to take some concrete action .
‘ It had importance for the region , so we thought we should put it in . ’
Chilling error : The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change wrongly asserted that glaciers in the Himalayas would melt by 2035
Dr Lal ’s admission will only add to the mounting furore over the melting glaciers assertion , which the IPCC was last week forced to withdraw because it has no scientific foundation .
According to the IPCC ’s statement of principles , its role is ‘ to assess on a comprehensive , objective , open and transparent basis , scientific , technical and socio-economic information – IPCC reports should be neutral with respect to policy ’ .
The claim that Himalayan glaciers are set to disappear by 2035 rests on two 1999 magazine interviews with glaciologist Syed Hasnain , which were then recycled without any further investigation in a 2005 report by the environmental campaign group WWF .
It was this report that Dr Lal and his team cited as their source .
The WWF article also contained a basic error in its arithmetic .
A claim that one glacier was retreating at the alarming rate of 134 metres a year should in fact have said 23 metres – the authors had divided the total loss measured over 121 years by 21 , not 121 .
Last Friday , the WWF website posted a humiliating statement recognising the claim as ‘ unsound ’ , and saying it ‘ regrets any confusion caused ’ .
Dr Lal said : ‘ We knew the WWF report with the 2035 date was “ grey literature ” [ material not published in a peer - reviewed journal ] .
But it was never picked up by any of the authors in our working group , nor by any of the more than 500 external reviewers , by the governments to which it was sent , or by the final IPCC review editors . ’
In fact , the 2035 melting date seems to have been plucked from thin air .
h /t to WUWT reader “ Konrad ”
Sponsored IT training links :
We offer VCP - 410 training for IT professionals to help pass 646-363 and 642-359 exam in easy and fast way .
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
The nation 's tally of 2009 bank casualties hit 130 Friday when regulators shuttered a large Ohio bank , an Illinois bank , a Virginia bank and three small Georgia banks .
The largest bank to fail was AmTrust Bank in Cleveland .
Regulators also closed Benchmark Bank in Aurora , Ill. , and Greater Atlantic Bank in Reston , Va .
The Buckhead Community Bank in Atlanta , Ga. , First Security National Bank in Norcross , Ga. , The Tattnall Bank in Reidsville , Ga. , were also closed .
Customers of all the six failed banks are protected , however .
The Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. , which has insured bank deposits since the Great Depression , currently covers customer accounts up to $ 250,000 .
AmTrust Bank .
The Office of Thrift Supervision closed AmTrust Bank because it " was in an unsafe and unsound condition because of substantial loan losses , deteriorating asset quality , and insufficient capital . "
The agency said the failed bank 's core capital declined 68 % in the 12 - month period ending Sept. 30 , and a high level of AmTrust 's asset problems were due to residential and land acquisition , development , and construction lending in Florida , California , Arizona and Nevada .
AmTrust operated under the agency 's approved risk reduction plan since the start of 2009 , but the bank was unable to comply with the minimum capital requirements , the OTS said .
The agency said attempts to find an investor to recapitalize the bank , which was first established in 1889 as The Ohio Savings and Loan Company , were unsuccessful .
New York Community Bank in Westbury , N.Y. , will assume AmTrust Bank's $ 8 billion in deposits and purchase $ 9 billion of the failed bank 's $ 12 billion in assets , according to the FDIC .
The 66 branches of AmTrust Bank located throughout Ohio , Florida and Arizona employ 1,728 workers and will reopen as branches of New York Community Bank .
Benchmark Bank .
MB Financial Bank , National Association , in Chicago will assume Benchmark Bank's $ 181 million in deposits and will purchase " essentially all " of the bank 's $ 170 million in assets , according to the FDIC .
MB Financial Bank , National Association entered into a loss - share agreement with the FDIC on $ 139 million of the failed bank 's assets .
The five branches of Benchmark Bank will reopen as branches of MB Financail Bank , National Association .
Greater Atlantic Bank .
Sonabank in McLean , Va. , will assume Greater Atlantic Bank's $ 179 million in deposits , and will purchase " essentially all " of the bank 's $ 203 million in assets , the FDIC said .
Sonabank entered a loss - share agreement with the FDIC on $ 145 million of the failed bank 's assets .
The four branches of Greater Atlantic Bank will reopen as branches of Sonabank .
Georgia banks .
State Bank and Trust Company in Macon , Ga. , will assume The Buckhead Community Bank's $ 838 million in deposits and purchase " essentially all " of the bank 's $ 874 million in assets , according to the FDIC .
State Bank and Trust Company also entered into a loss - share agreement with the FDIC on $ 692 million of the failed bank 's assets .
The Buckhead Community Bank will reopen as State Bank and Trust Company , as will its six branches in Georgia operating under the following names : The Sandy Springs Community Bank , The Midtown Community Bank , The Alpharetta Community Bank , the Cobb Community Bank , The Forsyth Community Bank and The Hall Community Bank .
State Bank and Trust Company will also assume First Security National Bank's $ 123 million in deposits , according to the FDIC , and purchase approximate $ 118 million of the failed bank 's $ 128 million in assets , the FDIC said .
State Bank and Trust Company also entered into a loss - share agreement with the FDIC on $ 82.4 million of First Security National Bank 's assets .
The four branches of First Security National Bank will reopen as branches of State Bank and Trust Company .
HeritageBank of the South in Albany , Ga. , will assume The Tattnall Bank's $ 47.3 million in deposits and purchase $ 48.5 million of the failed bank 's $ 49.6 million in assets .
The two branches of The Tattnall Bank will reopen as branches of HeritageBank of the South .
Customers of the failed banks can access their money over the weekend by writing checks or using ATMs or debit cards .
Checks will continue to be processed , and borrowers should make mortgage and loan payments as usual .
The FDIC also said customers should continue to use their existing branch until they receive notice that the takeover has been completed .
FDIC 's fund .
An average of 11 banks have failed per month this year , and the federal agency 's deposit insurance fund has slipped into the red for the first time since 1991 .
At the end of the quarter on Sept. 30 , the value of the fund was $ 8.2 billion in the hole , but the figure includes $ 21.7 billion the agency has accounted for future bank failures .
Friday 's closures will cost the FDIC an estimated $ 2.384 billion .
After recently approving a measure for banks to repay their insurance premiums over the next three years , however , the FDIC expects to raise $ 45 billion .
The move expects to send the fund back in black in 2012 .
The bank failure count for 2009 is still far from 1989 's record high of 534 bank closures which took place during the savings and loan crisis , when the insurance fund also carried a negative balance .
The tally is nearly five times the number that failed in 2008 , and the highest tally since 1992 when 181 banks failed .
Last week , the FDIC announced that 552 banks are at risk of going under , the highest level since 1993 , when the agency had red- flagged 575 banks .
But history has shown just 13 % of the so - called " problem " banks have failed on average .
SINGAPORE ( Reuters ) - Singapore said on Monday it will go ahead with existing plans to reduce greenhouse gas emissions but further pledged reductions will depend on a successful agreement in global climate talks .
A view of an oil refinery off the coast of Singapore March 14 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Vivek Prakash
Environment Minister Yaacob Ibrahim told parliament Singapore would start implementing energy efficiency measures announced last year that would cut emissions by 7 - 11 percent on business as usual levels by 2020 .
This would be below a 16 percent cut that Singapore pledged just ahead of U.N. climate talks in Copenhagen last month , which aimed to agree on a global pact but instead ended with a non-binding accord far short of its original goals .
“ When a global agreement on climate change is reached we will implement the additional measures to achieve the full 16 percent reduction below business as usual in 2020 , ” he said .
Environmentalists said they hoped countries would not lower voluntary targets to cut back emissions given the absence of a global accord , which negotiators are still aiming to reach in another round of talks scheduled for November 2010 in Mexico .
“ We find it disappointing that countries are going to step back and lower their ambition , ” WWF project coordinator Diane McFadzien told Reuters .
“ I have n’t seen evidence of it becoming a trend yet , but I hope it will not become a trend . ”
Wealthy city - state Singapore , with one of the world ’s best living standards in terms of GDP per capita , has come under fire from environmentalists who point to its energy - intensive economy and high per-capita emissions .
Singapore aims to spur economic growth by increasing its population and attracting further manufacturing investment , which will make cutting absolute emissions difficult , a problem faced by many developing nations unwilling to sign up to legally binding cuts .
As part of the Copenhagen accord , developing nations need to put their voluntary national pledges on a global list by the end of January .
( Reporting by Nopporn Wong - Anan ; Editing by Neil Chatterjee )
Port - au - Prince , Haiti ( CNN ) --
Haitian police shot and killed a man they suspected of stealing rice in earthquake - ravaged Port - au - Prince on Thursday , leaving his body on the sidewalk for hours as his family mourned .
The dead man 's mother identified him as Gentile Cherie , a 20 - year - old carpenter .
A companion with him was wounded , and a third man nearby was hit by what he said was a stray bullet .
Witnesses said no one was looting at the time .
Josef Josnain , the owner of a shop near the city 's airport , said the five bags of rice the men were found with fell from a truck and passers - by picked them up .
And Cherie 's wounded companion , who did not give his name , said a truck driver gave them the rice .
" A truck stopped and we jumped on , and the driver gave us the rice as a gift , " he said .
" But the cops shot us . "
A CNN crew spotted police stopping the two men Thursday afternoon .
They stopped to film the arrests , but while they were getting out of the car , they heard four gunshots and saw the men on the ground .
Both had been shot in the back .
A third man , Auxilus Maxo , was wounded by a stray bullet near the scene .
He told CNN he was hit in the side while waiting for a bus -- after applying for a job as a police officer .
Marc Justin , a senior police officer in the area , said he would investigate the killing and said there was no shoot - to - kill order for suspected looters .
" Nobody can do this in any country , " Justin said .
" Even if somebody was stealing a bag of rice , nobody has a right to do this . "
Justin said he had called for an ambulance for the wounded man , but none appeared .
Instead , the man was picked up by members of the U.N. peacekeeping mission MINUSTAH who happened on the scene after the shooting .
Shopkeepers retrieved the rice left behind .
CNN sought comment from the Haitian government about Thursday 's incident .
There was no immediate response .
Twitter updates l Full coverage
Sporadic looting has broken out in Port - au - Prince , where relief workers have struggled to get food , water and medical aid into the hands of survivors of last week 's magnitude 7.0 earthquake .
Reports of police firing on looters have surfaced as well , but CNN has been unable to independently confirm them .
The Haitian National Police have been criticized for alleged abuses for years .
A 2009 report by Human Rights Watch criticized its officers for the use of " excessive and indiscriminate force , " including involvement in kidnappings , torture and arbitrary arrests .
Meanwhile , the force " is largely ineffective in preventing and investigating crime , " it found .
List of missing , found in Haiti
Reforming the national police is one of the major goals of the U.N. mission dispatched to Haiti after the 2004 revolt that forced then - President Jean - Bertrand Aristide from office .
But a 2009 report for the U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights concluded , " The relationship between the population and the Haitian National Police is still characterized by suspicion , accusations of brutality , human rights violations and complicity with criminal and corrupt elements . "
Are you there ?
l Impact Your World
An Amnesty International report last year found the number of reported abuses appeared to be on the decline -- but at least two people died in police custody , and reports of excessive force , fatal shootings and warrantless arrests continued .
Two - and - a- half hours after the shooting Thursday , Cherie 's body remained on the sidewalk .
Bacteria , viruses and fungi have been primarily cast as the villains in the battle for better human health .
But a growing community of researchers is sounding the warning that many of these microscopic guests are really ancient allies .
Having evolved along with the human species , most of the miniscule beasties that live in and on us are actually helping to keep us healthy , just as our well - being promotes theirs .
In fact , some researchers think of our bodies as superorganisms , rather than one organism teeming with hordes of subordinate invertebrates .
The human body has some 10 trillion human cells — but 10 times that number of microbial cells .
So what happens when such an important part of our bodies goes missing ?
With rapid changes in sanitation , medicine and lifestyle in the past century , some of these indigenous species are facing decline , displacement and possibly even extinction .
In many of the world 's larger ecosystems , scientists can predict what might happen when one of the central species is lost , but in the human microbial environment — which is still largely uncharacterized — most of these rapid changes are not yet understood .
" This is the next frontier and has real significance for human health , public health and medicine , " says Betsy Foxman , a professor of epidemiology at the University of Michigan ( U.M. ) School of Public Health in Ann Arbor .
Meanwhile , each new generation in developed countries comes into the world with fewer of these native populations .
" They 're actually missing some component of their microbiota that they 've evolved to have , " Foxman says .
Mice have survived largely free from microbial populations in labs .
But out in the world , traditional microbes are an important line of defense against external and possibly dangerous invaders .
By occupying and even protecting their historic niche , this small fauna can keep out more foreign bacteria and viruses , in turn helping to maintain their human host 's health .
" Someone who did n't have their microbes , they'd be naked , " says Martin Blaser , a professor of microbiology and chair of the Department of Medicine at New York University Langone Medical Center in New York City .
Companies have embraced aspects of microbial research , spreading antibacterials to kill broad swaths of microbes or promoting probiotic foods to introduce other groups of bacteria into the body .
These extremes , however , can make scientists in the field squirm .
" There is just so much we do n't know , " Foxman says about manipulating these dynamics .
And changes can occur quickly , even when they are unintentional .
Potent treatments
Many of the changes in the human microbiome that have surfaced in recent decades are a result of well - intentioned — and primarily salutary — developments in medical treatment and prevention .
For example , overprescription of antibiotics , real lifesavers ever since the mid–20th century , has sparked the evolution of drug - resistant strains of tuberculosis and Staphylococcus aureus .
More subtle side effects of antibiotics are just beginning to be discovered .
" When antibiotics were first introduced , they were miraculous drugs — and they still are , " Blaser says .
" But it really was n't fully considered that antibiotics select for resistance . "
And an antibiotic will not only impact the infection it is targeted for .
" It will select for resistance across the microbiome , " he added .
Common side effects of antibiotic treatments , such as yeast infections , are a prime example of these silent shifts .
Even as it is being taken for an infection in another part of the body altogether , an antibiotic can kill the organisms that habitually keep yeast populations in check , allowing an unintended outbreak to occur .
Whereas some of these changes are transient and possibly a worthwhile trade - off for antibiotic treatment , others are more lasting and deleterious .
As Blaser notes , " the [ antibiotic resistance ] selection can persist for years and possibly permanently . "
The vanishing gastric Helicobacter pylori bacteria , for example , have been facing eradication in the U.S. and other developed countries in large part from antibiotic use .
Although this bacteria 's demise has been pegged to some positive outcomes , such as a decrease in the incidence of gastric cancer , shrinking its populations can also increase the risk for various reflux diseases by upsetting the regulation of hormones and pH levels .
Additionally , " H. pylori–positive individuals have lower risks of childhood asthma , allergic rhinitis and skin allergies than those without H. pylori , " Blaser and Stanley Falkow , of the Department of Microbiology and Immunology at Stanford School of Medicine , wrote in an essay published in November in Nature Reviews Microbiology .
( Scientific American is part of Nature Publishing Group . )
They also posited that due to the bacteria 's role in mediating the hormone ghrelin , which helps regulate fat development and hunger , it might also " be contributing to the current epidemics of early - life obesity , type 2 diabetes and related metabolic syndromes . "
This shift in such a prominent bacterial community is detectible through various medical tests , but transitions in many other species with positive impacts on human health may still be going unnoticed .
" If [ H. pylori is ] disappearing … might there be other things that are disappearing ? "
Blaser asks .
He worries that many other , less studied species — and even certain metabolic pathways — might also be on their way out due to antibiotic use and other lifestyle changes .
Blaser does n't call for abandoning a whole class of effective drugs , but he does advocate for a better understanding of the potential trade - offs — even if we might not yet have all the answers .
" I do n't think anyone was putting that trade - off on the plate , " says Blaser , who notes that both doctors and patients should reserve antibiotic use to cases where they are necessary .
Precarious protection
For many illnesses , modern medicine and research has bypassed the treatment phase by developing effective prevention — ranging from vaccines to public health measures to antibacterial products .
And the very successes of these measures " shows that we are changing the microbiota , " Blaser notes .
The vaccine for pneumococcal disease has been , by most accounts , a success story , reducing the number of pneumonia cases and infections .
But Streptococcus pneumoniae is , in fact , a frequent occupant of healthy individuals , and keeping this element out of the human body has opened space for different and potentially more harmful pathogens .
" The pneumococcal vaccine , which is extremely well intended , may be having some untoward consequences , " Blaser says .
Staphylococcus aureus , which causes staph infections ( a growing number of which are community - associated methicillin - resistant Staphylococcus aureus , or MRSA ) and the traditional S. pneumoniae are " competitors , and that loss of the former is leading to the expansion of the latter , " Blaser and Falkow wrote in their Nature Reviews Microbiology paper .
Like antibiotics , however , vaccines are still important , Blaser says , but some of these long - term consequences should be examined in the future .
Like modern medical developments , improved sanitation and the proliferation of cleansers have saved countless lives and made the rest of us seemingly healthier , but microbiologists are also rooting out the dark side to clean living .
Those who subscribe to the " hygiene hypothesis " assert that overall cleanliness has resulted in the recent increase of ailments such as allergies and other immune system abnormalities .
Such a line of thinking asserts that " if you 're a good parent you should have your children eat dirt , " Blaser says .
Indeed , a study published online December 7 in The Journal of Experimental Medicine found that even while in the womb , mice whose mothers were exposed to a common barnyard microbe ( Acinetobacter lwoffii F78 ) were less likely to suffer from allergies and asthma .
An overexuberance for the hygiene hypothesis , however , may be leading people astray , Blaser notes .
" It 's my hypothesis that the microbes that are present in dirt are irrelevant to humans , " he says .
" What are relevant are the microbes that we 've had for hundreds of thousands of years — [ and ] are disappearing . "
Extreme hygiene , on the level of using antibacterial products , is an asset in health care settings , such as hospitals , where risk of infection is high , Blaser notes .
But such measures are not likely working to our long - term advantage elsewhere , where the " benefit is minimal if any , " he says .
" We have to begin to realize that we may be doing some harm — we may be losing some of the good guys and thus become more susceptible to the bad guys . "
On the other end of the spectrum , popular probiotic products , which promise to introduce beneficial bacteria by way of fortified food , such as yogurt , are just one of the ways the primitive understanding of human microbiota has begun to permeate popular culture .
But many researchers think confidence in such an approach is premature .
" There 's clearly something there , " Foxman says , " but if you want to push a system to be a healthy system , you have to know what a healthy system is . "
And that 's something researchers are frantically trying to figure out .
Blaser says : " If we understood what we 're losing , then we could replace it . "
He imagines a future where vaccinations are not just for viruses but for microbial populations , as well .
Infants may one day be screened for native microbiota and given immunizations to fill in important missing niches .
Mapping the microscopic
Even though it is such an apparently integral and ancient aspect of human health , scientists are still grasping for better ways to study human microbiota — before it changes beyond historical recognition .
Borrowing models from outside of medicine has helped many in the field gain a better understanding of this living world within us .
" The important concept is about extinctions , " Blaser says .
" It 's ecology . "
Deborah Goldberg , a plant ecologist by trade and professor in the Department of Ecology and Evolutionary Biology at U.M. , happened upon the field by chance , but she has found her ecological perspective to be quite " relevant in talking about pathogens , " she says .
Microbiologists had already begun to apply rudimentary ecological thinking about niches and disturbance to microbial work , she says .
But newer developments in the field of ecology — from invasion biology to spatial dynamics and dispersal — have brought new insights , notes Goldberg , who co-authored a 2007 paper with Foxman in Interdisciplinary Perspectives on Infectious Diseases about human microbiota .
For many current research purposes , however , the ecological model can be daunting .
" As an overall approach , ecology is hard , " Goldberg says .
" It 's complex systems and highly dimensional . "
These challenges have led many to think of human microbiota more as biologists conceptualize organ systems , looking for inputs and outputs and putting aside — for now — what happens in the so - called black box .
" It 's conceptually easy to think of it as an organ system , " Foxman says .
" But there are lots of reasons to go into the black box … .
Ultimately , we really do need to understand the system . "
The first step in understanding these systems is simply taking stock of what archaea , bacteria , fungi , protozoa and viruses are present in healthy individuals .
This massive micro undertaking has been ongoing since 2007 through the National Institutes of Health's ( NIH ) Human Microbiome Project .
So far it has turned up some surprisingly rich data , including genetic sequencing for some 205 of the different genera that live on healthy human skin .
Despite the flood of new data , Foxman laughs when asked if there is any hope for a final report from the Human Microbiome Project any time soon .
" This is the very , very beginning , " she says , comparing this project with the NIH 's Human Genome Project , which jump - started a barrage of new genetic research .
" There are basic , basic questions that we do n't know the answers to , " she says , such as how different microbiota are between random individuals or family members ; how much microbiota change over time ; or how related the microbiota are to each other on or inside a person 's body .
Rapid advances in sequencing technology , however , have allowed researchers to accelerate their work by leaps and bounds .
" I can do today what I could n't do six months ago , " Foxman says .
" It 's going to be a wild ride [ with ] lots of surprises , " she adds .
" We will be getting in that black box pretty quickly , but we may not like what we find . "
How We Beat the Boot
Parking boots are public property .
Nevertheless , in cities like Denver and Boston , where the boot has been a part of life for years , the contraptions occasionally disappear .
In some cities , more than 10 percent of the boot stock has vanished or been rendered inoperable .
That came as no surprise to the mechanical experts who examined our boot .
The boot , they say , is nowhere near as tough as it looks .
Anyone with less than $ 30 worth of basic hand tools and enough dexterity to screw in a light bulb can probably break the boot 's grip on a car wheel in about ten minutes .
The boot is designed to intimidate , our experts say ; its toughest parts are the ones that would be the most obvious targets for boot - busting vandals -- the lock mechanism , for example .
With a special tamper - resistant padlock surrounded by a box made of quarter - inch carbon steel plates , the lock will stand up to just about anything short of a low - yield nuclear device .
So our bootbusters ignored the lock and looked for other less - obvious places where the boot could be attacked .
It took them no time to discover several major weak points in the boot 's protective armor .
Deflating the tire .
This is by far the simplest strategy .
It does n't always work -- conscientious installer can prevent it almost every time , and some car wheels do n't leave enough room for the process anyway .
But veterans of boot - happy cities have told us they 've removed dozens of boots this way , quickly , quietly , and easily .
The hubcap plate .
If the boot is properly installed , the plate will be tightly secured over the hubcaps , making it impossible event to imagine loosening the lug nuts .
But the plate is one of the more flimsy parts of the boot ; it 's attached by a half - inch swivel pin that is spot - welded to the frame .
As our boot - busting experts explained , spot welds that hold together two pieces of metal of different thicknesses are inherently weak .
There are several such welds on the boot , and this one is especially vulnerable .
With a common battery - powered drill and a 15 - cent grinding wheel or " cut- off tool " , one of our experts was able to grind away most of the weld on the pin in about two minutes .
With a five - dollar cold chisel and a standard hammer , he did the same job even faster .
Once the weld is broken , a quick blow with a hammer forced the pin out , releasing the plate from the boot frame and making it easy to change the tire and drive away , leaving the old , boot - laden tire behind ( or safely stowed in the trunk as a souvenir ) .
The jaw - to - frame pins .
The pins are only about an inch long .
when the boot is installed , they appear to be connected to each other through some sort of thick , central rod .
In fact , they 're just stuck into holes drilled in the frame , and spot - welded at the bottom .
Even when the boot is assembled , there 's plenty of free play between the arm and the pins .
A few strong , sharp blows with a hammer on the top of the pins quickly breaks them free and makes them easy to remove .
With those pins gone , the boot comes apart immediately .
The welds holding the lock - box to the frame .
For all the effort that the bootmakers put into developing an impregnable locking mechanism , it 's amazing how loosely the lock - box is attached to the rest of the boot .
Four flimsy spot - welds hold the entire padlock - and - cover - plate assembly to the main boot frame .
It took an expert just a few seconds to chip away one of the welds with a chisel and hammer ; when one of our spastic , incompetent , weak - wristed editors tried it on a second weld a few days later , it took less than a minute .
Once the lock - box is liberated from the frame , the entire boot can be dismantled and removed quickly with a ratchet and standard ( 16 - inch ) spark - plug socket .
The arm itself .
The padlock keys .
That means , of course , that an anarchist thug with a penchant for trouble - making ( or a wily hustler with an eye for a quick profit ) could easily dismantle and remove the boot from some poor innocent scofflaw 's illegally parked car , take the thing home , bust the lock off and pay a less - than - scrupulous locksmith to make up a new key -- a key that would instantly unlock every boot in the city .
Of course , the city can always change all the padlocks on a regular basis ( although they do n't come cheap ) .
But if we know this city , the pirates will soon be making and selling the keys faster than the cops can replace the locks , forcing the taxpayers to pour ever - increasing sums of money into a parking - law - enforcement mechanism that is neither appropriate nor effective for San Francisco .
Well , I see the President read and took to heart my suggestion , made Wednesday , that he minimize mentions of the two wars we are currently fighting : either that , or else we ’re just on the same wave - length .
There was very little foreign policy talk in this SOTU , and that was the usual disingenuous happy - talk .
The President claimed " all " of our troops are coming home from Iraq – this in spite of repeated statements by military commanders and other US officials that at least 50,000 will be staying indefinitely , and will furthermore be engaged in combat operations alongside the Iraqis .
Oh , but there was never any chance of a Republican yelling out " You lie ! " – not this time .
Although I had some hope that Dennis Kucinich might be up for it – but , alas , no… .
The President ’s brief Afghanistan spiel was but a rehash of his escalation speech , complete with a reiteration of his pledge to " begin " withdrawing by next summer – a promise universally derided as less than sincere .
Focusing on the economy , the President blamed his predecessor for " not paying for wars " – after having declared his vaunted spending " freeze " would exclude military appropriations .
Given that our war - spending is now totaling $ 1 trillion and rising since 2001 , this huge exception reduces all talk of a " freeze " to mere rhetorical posturing .
The President has no time for foreign policy : he ’s too busy campaigning , in spite of his protest last night that he does n’t want to engage in a " permanent campaign . "
That ’s one reason why he ’s ceded the foreign policy realm to his secretary of state .
You ’ll note Hillary was n’t there last night : that ’s because she was in London , cajoling our allies to help with the burden of occupying and policing Afghanistan and environs .
Barack Obama shows every sign he ’ll share the fate of another US chief executive with an ambitious domestic agenda who was effectively undermined by foreign policy disasters : Lyndon Baines Johnson , a one - term president whose " Great Society " was fatally subverted by the Vietnam war .
The very lack of attention paid to foreign policy in the president ’s peroration , at a time when we ’re fighting two wars ( and threatening a third ) , was itself a significant comment on the state of the American hegemon .
In the Imperial metropolis , they ’re too consumed with their own internal problems to care much about the far frontiers of the empire .
This turning inward presages a radical contraction , similar in scope and origins to the one currently squeezing the life out of the US economy .
The American sphere of influence – the structure of which is comprised an " empire of bases , " in Chalmers Johnson ’s phrase – has reached the outer limits of its possible expansion .
We now preside over a network of 737 known US bases that rings the globe , each a possible launching pad for the projection of American military power anywhere in the world at a moment ’s notice .
The sustainability of this project , however , has always been challenged by anti-interventionists on the right as well as the left , and today we are seeing the direst of their predictions fulfilled on a daily basis .
Economically ruinous , culturally poisonous , socially disruptive , and subversive of the Constitution , the very idea of imperialism is antithetical to our traditions and alien [ . pdf ] to the American character .
That is why our more recent wars of conquest ( Vietnam , Iraq , Afghanistan ) have been so wrenching , domestically , and the cause of such bitter controversy : they required the sort of self - violation that is usually restricted to mental patients who maim themselves habitually .
It was n’t so long ago that the post - cold war triumphalism of certain neocons led them to proclaim " the end of history " and hail the advent of " the unipolar moment . "
How wrong they were !
Today , of course , multi-polarity is everywhere apparent , and the would - be world policeman finds himself on the brink of bankruptcy .
The American " hyperpower , " which once aspired to global hegemony – " benevolent global hegemony , " was the soaring phrase neocons William Kristol and Robert Kagan used – shows every indication of going into irreversible decline .
The state of the empire , in short , is n’t so good – and no wonder Obama did n’t want to talk about foreign policy the other night !
At least he can make some pretense at being able to do something about the domestic economic crisis : when it comes to our declining influence abroad , however , objective factors conspire to take the fate of the empire out of the President ’s hands , and Obama is smart enough to know it .
Garet Garrett , the Old Right author and skeptical chronicler of the rise of empire , once remarked that the American Imperium is unlike any other in history in that " everything goes out and nothing comes in . "
While it ’s true that a certain class of " entrepreneurs , " i.e. the arms industry , profit from war , the country and the economy suffer a net loss .
The American system of empire cannot sustain itself .
The diversion of so much wealth to maintain the mightiest military machine in the history of the world has been a tremendous drain that has depleted our savings and thrown us into an abyss of debt .
We have mortgaged the future of our nation in order to " save " the world from itself – but there ’s no payoff , except the emotional rewards of extreme nationalism and militarism .
Yet even these decadent joys wane in the face of looming bankruptcy .
Not even the expert warmongering of Fox News chatterboxes can drown out the protests of the American people as they hear tidings of bridge - building and school construction – in Afghanistan – while their own bridges are decaying , and nearly as unsafe as their schools .
It is n’t just economics , however , that has defeated the idea of an American empire .
Imperialism has been intellectually and morally defeated by the events of the past eight years , and in the end its own cultural exhaustion will bury it , as it buried all our predecessors in imperial folly .
Everyone is always so quick to attribute the national distemper to pure economics , and there is no doubt that ’s the primary cause , but other factors enter into it .
Surely our barbaric foreign policy , which has lately been reduced to a war for revenge instead of a noble crusade to impose democracy at gunpoint , is a contributing factor to the general air of anomie and disaffection that pervades the American scene like a poisonous fog .
The specter of Abu Ghraib haunts our nightmares , as the hint of a sadistic streak shows up in the national character – or , at least , in the Republicans ’ rush to identify themselves as the party of torture .
If there was a low point to Wednesday night ’s events , then it was n’t to be found in the President ’s address , but in the Republican response , which combined a fulsome embrace of torture alongside a supposed belief in the virtues of " limited government . "
Limited government and a regime of unlimited torture would seem to be antipodal concepts , but not in the Bizarro World of Fox News and the Republican leadership .
The state of the empire is bad , and getting worse .
All around the world , the American position is simply untenable , and the economic basis of it all is eroding with such rapidity that the structure is bound to come crashing down in one fell swoop , rather than falling to the ground piecemeal , like Rome .
Americans have good cause to be concerned , and even panicked , that when the hegemon goes down it ’s going to take all of us with it .
G oo dness Flows From the Heart
Our team ’s passion for activating and inspiring goodness is at the heart of the Good Karma brand .
The rippling effect of relatable and meaningful acts of goodness starts with small drops of positive energy that we aim to activate and inspire — not only as a brand , but also as people with good hearts .
Ashes of Indian independence hero Mahatma Gandhi , kept for decades by a family friend after his assassination , have been scattered off South Africa 's coast , his family said .
" About 200 people attended .
Everything went well , it was a beautiful ceremony , " said Ela Gandhi , granddaughter of the apostle of non-violence .
A photographer said the pre-dawn ceremony was " dignified " .
" Before the immersion took place , the Hindu priest recited hymns .
Gandhi's great grandson poured the ashes into the sea and afterwards people threw flowers as a sign of their final goodbyes , " he said .
A radical nationalist shot Gandhi on January 30 , 1948 in India , just months after he led the country to independence from Britain .
He was cremated according to Hindu custom .
Normally , ashes are immersed in rivers or the sea within days but Gandhi's ashes were divided and put in several urns and sent around India and across the globe so his followers could hold memorials .
One urn came to South Africa , where Gandhi had come to practise law in 1893 , living in the country on and off for 21 years .
A family friend , Vilas Mehta , helped with the arrangements for the prayers and the ashes were immersed after 10 days , according to the Gandhi Development Trust in Durban .
Unknown to the family , Mehta kept a few remnants of the ashes and guarded them in secret for the rest of her life , the Trust said .
She " decided to take a little bit of the ashes and keep it in safekeeping as a memento of that occasion , not realising that it is our custom to immerse them , " said Ela Gandhi .
When Mehta passed on , her daughter - in - law decided to return them to the Gandhi family .
-AFP
Pyramid Power
Our first puzzle not involving primes uses triangular grids such as the sample pictured at left .
In the sample , there are 27 equilateral sub triangles such as ( 1,2,3 ) , ( 2,3,5 ) , ( 1,7,10 ) , etc , but not ( 2,6,8 ) as it does n't have connecting grid lines .
Your task is to color the vertices of each triangular grid of N rows such that the number of equilateral triangles with two or more vertices having the same color is at a minimum .
You may use up to 10 colors , ranging from 0 to 9 .
The contest is divided in to 25 parts where N is from 11 to 35 , inclusive .
Scoring :
Your raw score for each part is the number of equilateral triangles that have two vertices that are the same color , plus ten times the number of equilateral triangles that have all three vertices being the same color .
Your subscore is the lowest of contest raw score , divided by your raw score , cubed , and then multiplied by four .
For example , if your raw score for N ( 11 ) is 5 and the best of contest raw score is 3 , then your subscore would be ( ( 3/5 ) ^ 3 ) * 4 = 0.8640 , where the remaining decimal places are truncated .
The subscores for all 25 parts are added together to compute your total score , with 100.0000 being the best possible score .
Submissions : Submissions must contain ( N+1 ) * N/2 digits ranging from 0 to 9 in row major order representing the colors of each vertex for each individual N .
All other characters , such as white space and punctuation are permitted and will simply be ignored by the scorer .
Example :
For the grid above , one way to submit the colors of the 15 vertices is 0,12,304,2431,41023 .
More and more people are turning to " intermittent fasting " to lose weight , but the jury is still out on whether the tactic works .... [ Full Story ]
UPDATE : The White House joined the growing chorus of condemnation surrounding televangelist Pat Robertson ’s comment that the earthquake in Haiti was the result of a “ pact with the devil ” the nation ’s founders made when fighting against French colonial rule in the 18th century .
“ It never ceases to amaze , that in times of amazing human suffering , somebody says something that could be so utterly stupid , ” White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs said .
“ But it , like clockwork , happens with some regularity . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
The following video was uploaded to the Web by MediaMatters , Jan , 14 , 2009 .
Original story follows below
Haitian ambassador shames Pat Robertson
Pat Robertson suggested Wednesday that Haiti deserved the recent devastating earthquake because they had made a “ deal with the devil . ”
Rachel Maddow covered Robertson ’s comments Wednesday night while lamenting his First Amendment rights .
By coincidence or design , Raymond Joseph , the Haitian ambassador to the United States , joined Maddow following the Robertson segment and directly addressed the pastor ’s remarks .
Speaking on his Christian Broadcasting Network show , “ The 700 Club , ” Robertson implied that the quake , and the general suffering of the Western Hemisphere ’s poorest country , was the result of a “ pact with the devil ” that Haitian rebels made in the 18th century .
ADVERTISEMENT
Something happened a long time ago in Haiti , and people might not want to talk about it .
They were under the heel of the French .
You know , Napoleon the third , or whatever .
And they got together and swore a pact to the devil .
They said , we will serve you if you will get us free from the French .
True story .
And so , the devil said , okay it ’s a deal .
And they kicked the French out .
You know , the Haitians revolted and got themselves free .
But ever since they have been cursed by one thing after the other .
Desperately poor .
That island of Hispaniola is one island .
It is cut down the middle on the one side is Haiti the other is the Dominican Republic .
Dominican Republic is prosperous , healthy , full of resorts , etc. Haiti is in desperate poverty .
Same island .
They need to have and we meed to pray for them a great turning to god and out of this tragedy I ’m optimistic something good may come .
As soon as the Haitian ambassador to the United States was introduced by Maddow , he volunteered a response to Robertson .
“ I think I would like to address one thing I heard tonight about how the pact with the devil made it possible for Haiti to suffer the way it is , ” said Jospeh .
“ I would like the whole world to know — America especially — that the independence of Haiti , when the slave rose up against the French and defeated the French army — powerful army — the U.S. was able to gain the Louisiana territory for $ 15 million .
That ’s 3 cents an acre .
That ’s 13 states west of the Mississippi that the Haitian slave revolt in Haiti provided , ” explained Joseph .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Also the revolt of the rebels in Haiti allowed Latin America to be free , ” Joseph continued .
“ So , what pact the Haitian made with the devil has helped the United States become what it is , ” he said .
ADVERTISEMENT
Maddow felt the need to defend her reporting on Robertson ’s comments .
“ Mr. Ambassador , I have about as much in common with Pat Robertson as I do anybody in the world that I have not met .
I can not apologize for him but if I could I would and I hope that you did not hear that as representative of the broad wishes of the American people , ” said Maddow .
“ The reason we are making fun of him on this show is because we find his views so odious , ” she concluded .
This video is from MSNBC’s The Rachel Maddow Show , broadcast Jan. 13 , 2010 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
Martin and Hazel Quarrier are small - town fundamentalist missionaries sent to the jungles of South America to convert the Indians .
Their remote mission was previously run by the Catholics , before the natives murdered them all .
They are sent by the pompous Leslie Huben , who runs the missionary effort in the area but who seems more concerned about competing with his Catholic ' rivals ' than in the Indians themselves .
Hazel is terrified of the Indians while Martin is fascinated .
Soon American pilot Lewis Moon joins the Indian tribe but is attracted by Leslie 's young wife , Andy .
Can the interaction of these characters and cultures , and the advancing bulldozers of civilization , avoid disaster ?
Written by Reid Gagle
CSS Marquee Module Level 3 W3C Working Group Note 14 October 2014
This version : http://www.w3.org/TR/2014/NOTE-css3-marquee-20141014/
Latest version : http://www.w3.org/TR/css3-marquee
Previous version : http://www.w3.org/TR/2008/CR-css3-marquee-20081205
Editors : Copyright © 2014 W3C ® ( MIT , ERCIM , Keio , Beihang ) , All Rights Reserved .
W3C liability , trademark and document use rules apply .
Abstract
This Note replaces a draft specification for CSS features relating to a “ marquee ” effect .
The specification is no longer being developed .
Status of this document
This section describes the status of this document at the time of its publication .
Other documents may supersede this document .
A list of current W3C publications and the latest revision of this technical report can be found in the W3C technical reports index at http://www.w3.org/TR/.
Publication as a Working Group Note does not imply endorsement by the W3C Membership .
This is a draft document and may be updated , replaced or obsoleted by other documents at any time .
It is inappropriate to cite this document as other than work in progress .
This document was produced by the CSS Working Group ( part of the Style Activity ) .
The ( archived ) public mailing list www-style@w3.org ( see instructions ) is preferred for discussion of this document .
When sending e-mail , please put the text “ css3 - marquee ” in the subject , preferably like this : “ [ css3 - marquee ] … summary of comment … ”
This document was produced by a group operating under the 5 February 2004 W3C Patent Policy .
W3C maintains a public list of any patent disclosures made in connection with the deliverables of the group ; that page also includes instructions for disclosing a patent .
An individual who has actual knowledge of a patent which the individual believes contains Essential Claim (s ) must disclose the information in accordance with section 6 of the W3C Patent Policy .
This document is governed by the 1 August 2014 W3C Process Document .
This specification has been discontinued .
The CSS Working Group did not find enough implementations and at this point no further work is planned .
Table of contents
1. Summary
The “ marquee ” effect is a method of handling overflow in CSS .
It tells the user agent to slowly move the contents of a box back and forth so that , over time , all of the contents is visible at least once .
It can replace a scroll bar or other scrolling mechanism and requires no user interaction .
Development of the marquee features of CSS has been abandoned .
See the previous - version link above for a description of the earlier proposals .
Note that a somewhat similar effect of moving text can be achieved with generic CSS animations [ CSS3 - ANIMATIONS ] .
2. References
Informative references :
I want to send my thoughts on having to cancel some of the dates from my recent Pee - wee ’s Big Adventure 35th Anniversary Tour and offer my apology to you .
The tour was an incredible amount of fun for me . …
What is the first app that you code up in a new language that you are learning ?
I imagine most people start with the canonical “ Hello World ” and then move on to their own specific app .
A colleague of mine always codes up the Mandelbrot set which typically involves implementing a complex number class with its associated operations – good for OO languages .
For mathematical and statistical languages and APIs , I always start with Monte Carlo PI calc , a simple variant of Buffon ’s Needle problem .
The algorithm samples n points from a unit square and then computes the ratio of points that fall within an inscribed circle of radius .5 to the total number of samples .
This ratio should approach the area of the inscribed circle .
Therefore , PI can be computed as the simulated ratio divided by 0.25 .
To continue learning Clojure and Incanter , I implemented the algorithm as follows :
( defn mc - pi-calc [ n ] ( / ( count ( filter #( <= % 1 0.5 ) ( map #( euclidean - distance ( vec % 1 ) [ 0.5 0.5 ] ) ( partition 2 ( sample-uniform (* 2 n ) ) ) ) ) ) (* n 0.5 0.5 ) ) )
user= > ( mc-pi-calc 10000 ) 3.1432
The function takes the number of samples as input and uses the sample - uniform function to generate n points in the unit square .
Then , it counts the number of points that fall within a circle inscribed in the unit square using the euclidean distance function and divides this count by the total number of samples to get the area of the circle to area of the square ratio .
From this , the value of PI is easily calculated .
The simulation can be visualized using a scatter plot from Incanter ’s charts API . ;; define the sample points ( def data ( trans ( map vec ( partition 2 ( sample-uniform (* 2 10000 ) ) ) ) ) ) ;; plot the sample points ( def p ( scatter - plot ( first data ) ( second data ) ) ) ;; overlay the points in the circle ( def data2 ( trans ( filter #(>= 0.5 ( euclidean - distance % 1 [ 0.5 0.5 ] ) ) ( trans data ) ) ) ) ( add - points p ( first data2 ) ( rest data2 ) ) ;; view the resulting plot ( view p ) The code above produces the following chart .
The Monte Carlo Pi calc algorithm can also nicely illustrate the weak law of large numbers .
Clojure ’s parallel processing pmap function came in handy for this task .
The weak law of large numbers states that the probability that the sample average approaches the actual within some error approaches one as the number of samples approaches infinity .
So , to demonstrate that , we define one sample as one computation of Pi fixing the number of random points at 100 .
Then , to obtain an estimate of the probability of the sample average being within an error fixed at 0.01 , we take the average of 10 estimates of Pi 100 times and count the number that fell within the error .
We repeat this raising the number of samples each time .
The following code snippet implements the algorithm : ( def data ( pmap ( fn [ nsamples ] ( take 100 ( repeatedly ( fn [ ] ( take nsamples ( repeatedly # ( mc- pi-calc 100 ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ( range 10 100 1 ) ) ) ( pmap ( fn [ exp ] ( let [d ( map #( / ( sum % 1 ) ( count % 1 ) ) exp ) ] (/ ( count ( filter #(<= ( abs (- %1 3.14159 ) ) 0.01 ) d ) ) ( double ( count d ) ) ) ) ) data )
The pmap function automatically threads the computationally intensive function over the input list using all available processors .
This meant my four core laptop churned for a while on this function .
The nice part of pmap is that I did not have to do anything special to get this multi- threaded functionality .
And there is no reason why pmap could n’t distribute the processing across a map - reduce cluster .
Admittedly , the MC pi calc algorithm does not converge very fast but it does illustrate the simulation capabilities of Clojure and Incanter well .
Share this post : Follow CCRi :
A psych ward patient in Holland skated on an insanity plea after he killed power to an entire hospital thinking he was solving a puzzle in Silent Hill .
Advertisement
You might have heard of this , but a month ago or so , Jan H. , the patient , shut down power to Sophia Hospital in the Netherlands thinking that by doing so he could acquire a toothbrush that would complete a puzzle .
The hospital lost power for 45 minutes , stranding some folks in elevators and forcing doctors to resort to manual efforts to keep intensive care patients breathing .
Noone was hurt .
( Poor Noone . )
Turns out Jan H. skated on - what else - insanity .
A court ruled he had " no idea of the true consequences of his deed . "
Advertisement
Man Found Not Guilty After Blacking Out Hospital [ 24 Oranges via OffGamers ]
It was a Sunday morning in July ; the five cyclists , ranging in age from 26 to 45 , were on their regular weekend ride .
On this particular Sunday morning , they planned to ride from Kanata , on the outskirts of Ottawa , Ontario , to Pakenham , and back again , a round trip of about 57.5 miles .
They never made it out of Kanata .
Barely 3 miles into their trip , as the cyclists were riding single - file within a bicycle lane , a van angled into their lane as it passed the last cyclist , clipping her before continuing ahead , plowing directly into the remaining 4 cyclists .
The driver fled the scene .
The injured cyclists were reported to be :
• A man in his late 30s , who suffered closed head injuries and showed signs of brain injuries .
He also suffered a broken ankle , and was intubated by paramedics before being airlifted to hospital .
He was unconscious on arrival at hospital and is listed in critical condition ; • A man , 39 , who suffered a concussion and other closed head injuries .
He was listed in critical condition but stable condition , and was undergoing surgery late Sunday morning .
The man ’s father , Marcelli Wein , identified him as Robert Wein , a public servant and father of two .
Wein is a triathlete who competed last weekend in a triathlon in Carleton Place .
• A 26 - year - old woman , identified as Hilary McNamee , a social work student at Carleton University by her father .
She suffered closed head injuries , and a possible hip or femur fracture .
She was taken to hospital by helicopter and was listed initially in critical condition , then upgraded to serious condition ; • A 36 - year - old man , who suffered minor head and leg injuries ; • A woman , 45 , who suffered a broken arm and a possible dislocated elbow , identified by a friend as Cathy Anderson of Kanata .
A few hours later , the driver turned himself in to police , and was charged with five counts of failing to stop at the scene of a collision causing bodily harm .
Apparently shocked by the senseless carnage , Ottawa police decided to address bicycle safety as a part of their Integrated Road Safety Program .
The target of their bicycle safety campaign ?
Cyclists .
Directing their attention at safety violations made by cyclists , Ottawa police ticketed 340 cyclists in August , and handed out 500 free bicycle bells .
Additionally , police handed out hundreds of information pamphlets on safe cycling at intersections known to be a high - risk for collisions between cyclists and motorists .
Now , if cyclists are violating the traffic laws , they should be ticketed ; the traffic laws are a commonly understood and agreed - upon set of rules that give everybody on the road some degree of assurance that other people on the road will behave in predictable ways .
The greater the enforcement of the laws , the greater the degree of compliance with the laws we can expect , and thus , the greater the degree of predictability we can apply to the actions of others .
It is this predictability that allows us to maneuver our vehicles in close proximity without crashing into each other .
Traffic laws , and their enforcement , are a proactive attempt to prevent accidents before they occur , while lawsuits and insurance settlements are a reactive attempt to deal with the aftermaths of accidents after they occur .
So in that light , it is not only “ acceptable ” to enforce the law , it is necessary to enforce the law , because enforcement is a vital component of the accident - preventing intent of traffic laws .
And thus , if cyclists are violating the traffic laws , they should be ticketed .
And as should be obvious , and even more essential to road safety , motorists who are violating the traffic laws should also be ticketed .
All that said , did n’t it strike anybody — anybody ?— at the Ottawa Police Service that in rounding up “ the usual suspects , ” they just might be targeting the wrong people ?
If they were truly attempting to develop an enforcement response to a shocking and horrific crash — and there ’s no reason to believe that they were n’t sincere in their response — would it make any sense at all to target cyclists ?
After all , the cyclists injured in the crash were all law - abiding cyclists , riding in the bicycle lane , and run down by a driver who never hit his brakes , continued driving for another 400 feet as he hit one cyclist after another , and then with his victims laying critically injured on the roadway behind him , continued on his way as if nothing had happened .
And the best response the Ottawa Police Service can come up with is an enforcement action that targets cyclists ?
Really ?
That ’s it ?
That ’s the best they can come up with ?
What about a stepped - up enforcement action against drunk drivers ?
What about stepped - up enforcement against reckless drivers ?
Against aggressive drivers ?
Against drivers who harass law - abiding cyclists ?
What about targeting the most dangerous violations of the law , like excessive speed , or red light running ?
Would n’t any of these have been a more appropriate response than a program targeting the victims of this horrific incident ?
Tellingly , while their attention was focused on cyclists , Ottawa police still managed to nab 500 drivers who ran red lights .
500 .
It ’s an impressive number .
But just imagine what the Ottawa police might have accomplished if they were n’t so busy looking for cyclists with no bells on their bikes .
The Next Big Quake ?
UNITED STATES , LOWER MISSISSIPPI DELTA REGION
Fault Line : New Madrid
Last big quake : 1812
Reasons to worry : A string of earthquakes in the early 19th century along the New Madrid fault — covering parts of Illinois , Missouri , Arkansas , Kentucky , Tennessee , and Mississippi — caused the Mississippi River to flow backwards , rang church bells in Boston , and affected an area more than three times as large as the famous San Francisco quake of 1906 .
Two hundred years ago , the at - risk population was minimal .
Today , the major cities of Saint Louis and Memphis lie within the danger zone of arguably the United State ’s most threatening fault line .
FEMA warned in 2008 that a major New Madrid fault earthquake could cause “ the highest economic losses due to a natural disaster in the United States , ” largely due to a relative lack of earthquake preparation compared with California and the Pacific Northwest .
TURKEY
Fault line : North Anatolian
Last big quake : Duzce , 1999
Reasons to worry :
The 1999 earthquake in Izmit — located off the Sea of Marmara , and just southeast of Istanbul — killed nearly 18,000 people .
Izmit was the latest in a series of quakes that struck westward across Turkey over the last 70 years .
A quake only three months later in Duzce killed close to 900 .
In the last four decades , Turkey has suffered more than six earthquakes with more than 1,000 fatalities .
More frighteningly , scientists say the next quake is likely to break slightly west of Izmit — and directly south of Istanbul , a city of 12 million people .
The seismic buildup is likely to result in a few smaller events , rather than a single mega earthquake — but that ’s little comfort to the residents one of the world ’s oldest and most historically important cities .
Australia
Fault line : in between the Pacific , Philippine , and Eurasian plates
Last big quake : Newcastle , 1989
Reasons to worry :
Unlike the other countries on this list , Australia does not actually lie along a fault line between two tectonic plates — that is , it ’s an intraplate location , which is hardly cause for comfort .
Australia ’s seismic activity is the result of plate pressure far from the continent itself , which means that literally any part of Australia is under potential threat and the country ’s quakes are extremely difficult to predict .
Luckily , most Australian quakes , including 10 in 2008 with a magnitude greater than 4.0 , have struck in the barren center of the country , causing minimal damage .
But the unpredictability of seismic bursts has led to a false sense of security — building materials in major cities like Sydney are old , corroded , and vulnerable , as evidenced a by relatively minor 5.5 magnitude 1989 Newcastle earthquake that caused more than U.S. $ 1.4 billion in damage .
A quake near Sydney , which has a population 15 times greater than Newcastle , would be far more deadly .
NEPAL
Fault line : Himalayan Frontal Thrust , Main Boundary Thrust , Main Central Thrust
Last big quake : 1988 , Nepal - India border region
Reasons to worry : Just south of the Himalaya Range , and only 150 miles southwest of Mt. Everest , the Nepalese capital of Kathmandu is right on the border between the Indian and Eurasian plates .
Despite there being no major earthquakes in the area in recent years , geologists warn that the numerous faults along the Himalayas put the Nepalese capital at risk of a massive seismic event .
Worse , Nepal ’s earthquake preparedness is dismally low , thanks to poor construction methods and a rapidly increasing urban population .
The lack of recent earthquake activity is actually another cause for concern — typically , the longer the length between quakes , the more likely the next one will be especially powerful .
Like Haiti , Nepal has been wracked by recent political turmoil .
A 10 - year civil war ended in 2006 , and political stability and economic development since then have been minimal , hampering the authorities ’ ability to prepare for a natural disaster .
JAPAN
Fault line : Median Tectonic , Itoigawa - Shizuoka Tectonic , Tanakura Tectonic
Last big quake : Great Hanshin - Awaji , 1995
Reasons to worry : Japan is a more well - known earthquake spot due to catastrophic events like the 1995 Great Hanshin - Awaji earthquake , which killed 6,400 people .
Luckily , Japan ’s experience with earthquakes has led it to invest significantly in preparedness and quake - resistant infrastructure , but this should not lead to a false sense of security .
Japan remains at risk because of its extremely densely packed cities — if a big quake were to directly hit megacities like Tokyo or Kyoto , studies show that casualties could potentially kill upwards of 60,000 .
The Great Kanto quake of 1923 killed well over 100,000 .
Furthermore , earthquake activity off the coast of Japan leaves the country vulnerable to tsunamis .
Japan ’s heavy reliance on nuclear power is another cause for concern , particularly after a 2007 quake caused a dangerous leak at a plant in Kashiwazaki .
Kurt Nimmo
Infowars.com
January 11 , 2010
The federal government has sentenced Ed Brown to 37 years in prison , a virtual death sentence .
Brown is 68 years old .
If he lives long enough to serve the entire sentence , he will be released when he is 107 years old .
Elaine and Ed Brown .
In 2006 , Brown and his wife Elaine were indicated on federal tax violations .
The government claimed the Browns had not paid taxes since 1996 and owed it more the $ 625,000 .
The Browns said they were not presented with any law that required them to pay income taxes to the federal government , an argument similar to many tax protester statutory arguments .
Ed Brown refused to attend his trial and was found guilty by a jury in a Federal District Court in Concord , New Hampshire , on three criminal charges .
On April 14 , 2007 , Ed and Elaine Brown “ ordered the clerk of the court to close their case , citing themselves as ‘ the court ’ and ‘ judge , ' ” according to the Concord Monitor .
The Browns were arrested “ without incident ” on October 4 , 2007 , at their home , described by the corporate media as a “ compound . ”
Undercover police had posed as supporters .
“ Ultimately , this open - door policy that they [ the Browns ] seemed to have which allowed the Browns to have some supporters bring them supplies , welcome followers and even host a picnic — this proved to be their undoing …
They invited us in .
We escorted them out , ” said U.S. Marshal Stephen Monier .
[ efoods ]
“ By their continuing actions , allegedly , to obstruct justice , to encourage others to assist them to obstruct justice , by making threats toward law enforcement and other governmental officials , they have turned this into more than a tax case , ” Monier said during a news conference on October 5 , 2007 .
Ed Brown was singled out for abusive treatment while awaiting trial on charges of resisting and allegedly threatening the United States Marshals Service .
Brown said he was tasered , gassed , subjected to sensory deprivation , and tortured with a technique known as the “ diesel treatment ” or “ therapy . ”
The brutal technique is described as follows .
It was allegedly used on former Republican representative George Hansen who was censured by the House for failing to include transactions on federal disclosure forms .
Hansen was a vocal critic of the IRS and spent 15 months in prison .
Before the prisoner is put on the bus , he is put in handcuffs and shackles .
The handcuffs are tightened by a black box that stiffens the chains and puts the wrists in a 90 degree bind that painfully cuts circulation and damages the nerves .
It takes several weeks for the circulation and nerves to return to normal .
The handcuffs are connected with chains to a waist chain , which is in turn connected by another chain to the shackles which go around the ankles .
The prisoner can barely move once the shackling process is complete .
The Browns were found guilty by a federal district court jury on all counts in July of 2009 .
In October of that year , Elaine Brown was sentence to 35 years in federal prison .
Elaine Brown is 70 years old .
Daniel Riley , a supporter of the Browns , was convicted in October of 2009 of manufacturing explosives and providing the Browns with firearms .
Riley was found guilty of conspiracy , aiding and abetting the couple , and using guns and bombs to prolong the standoff , according to the Concord Monitor .
Riley was sentenced to 36 years in federal prison .
Supporters Jason Gerhard of Brookhaven , New York , Cirino Gonzalez of Alice , Texas , and Robert Wolffe of Randolph , Vermont , were also convicted in the case .
The men received sentences of 20 years , eight years , and two and a half years respectively .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
As Sarah Boseley reported recently , a large - scale study into the effects of 20 mph limits in London found that they reduced cyclist injuries by 16.9 % .
And last week , the government announced it was making it easier for councils to bring in 20 mph limits .
Some cities have already done so .
One is Oxford , where I live .
The reaction from motorists ( and those who represent them ) has been interesting – and instructive for anyone who is hoping to see speeds coming down near them .
Motorists ' letters published in Oxford papers have tended to condemn the 20 mph limits .
They do n't like them because 30 mph ( while it is far more likely to kill any children who toddle into the road ) lets motorists get into the centre of town more quickly .
But the professionals have different arguments .
In Oxford , they have been put forward by Mark McArthur - Christie , who chairs the local group of the Institute of Advanced Motorists , and Mark Strange , the chairman of the Oxford Driving Instructors ' Association .
These arguments suggest that cyclists and pedestrians were the groups that needed restricting , not drivers – and that now drivers have been hit by the new speed limits , cyclists and pedestrians will take advantage even further .
First , the McArthur - Christie perspective .
He tells the Oxford Mail :
" The most fundamental argument of all is that the council is now using speed limits in a way they were never intended to be used .
Speed limits were intended to reflect the behaviour of the law - abiding majority .
They were never intended to be used as a tool for speed reduction . "
Just in case you 're not clear on that : speed limits were never intended to limit speed .
Secondly , the Strange argument .
" When you look at the Highway Code it says to pass cyclists as quickly and as safely as you can , but if you have got cyclists who can pedal up to 20 mph very easily , you can easily get cyclists passing you now . "
As a driver , I had always thought the Highway Code was saying that if I needed to pass a cyclist , I should do so as quickly and safely as possible .
And if the cyclist is going too fast for me to do it safely without breaking the speed limit , I should n't try .
But this senior driving instructor apparently takes it for granted that cyclists must be passed ( and quickly ) .
I 've always been painfully aware that there are drivers who think cyclists must be overtaken , no matter how little road there is ahead , or how fast the cyclist is going ... but I always thought they did it because they were inexperienced or thick .
I 'm glad to be put right .
The second part of the Strange argument concerns pedestrians :
" [ The 20 mph limit ] is also encouraging pedestrians to walk out in front of cars , because they know you 're going slower and they know you will stop . "
Why this is a bad thing , Mr Strange does not say .
The issue is kept ticking over on the letters pages of local papers .
" I suggest placing a citywide speed limit on cyclists of 10 mph , " writes one correspondent to the Oxford Times .
How would it be enforced ?
" By setting up mandatory licensing of cyclists ... speed cameras augmented with face recognition technology or the number plating of cyclists or their bicycles . "
It all adds to the gaiety of nations .
But are there any sensible anti-20 mph arguments out there ?
And if you have experience of 20 mph zones , do you think they benefit you on a bike – as a 16.9 % reduction in casualties would suggest – or are they bringing unexpected problems ?
cryptogon.com news – analysis – conspiracies
January 5th , 2010
Via : CNBC :
Some cash - strapped British pensioners are buying books from charity shops and burn them to keep warm as freezing temperatures gripped the UK , a London newspaper reported Tuesday .
Workers at a charity shop in Swansea , in south Wales , told London newspaper Metro that pensioners were looking for thick books such as encyclopedias — which are sold for a few pennies second hand — as a cheaper alternative to coal .
Economy , Energy | Posted in Collapse Top Of Page
State leaders say Nevada needs to diversify from reliance on gambling , and they are aiming at making the state an energy Mecca with facilities like the Ormat geothermal plant .
But the state may have waited too long to get serious .
Advertisement
Few living Nevadans remember a time when the state was not growing in population .
But now they may all be experiencing it .
State Demographer Jeff Hardcastle on Dec. 30 reported his latest population estimates , which indicate the state has begun to lose population .
In what may be an indication of how ingrained is the notion of Nevada as ever - growing , his news release was emailed with the incorrect subhead of “ Nevada is still growing , but at a reduced rate . ”
A correction was sent out later in the day .
Hardcastle ’s statement said his figures showed that , “ Overall , Nevada lost an estimated 27,677 persons or 1 percent since July 2008 .
That compares with a 20,396 or 0.8 percent gain from July 2007 to July 2008 and a 95,287 or 3.6 increase percent from July 2006 to July 2007 . ”
A few days earlier , U.S. Census Bureau estimates showed Nevada still growing .
But their figures were scarcely more encouraging , showing only a 1 percent increase in population , dependent entirely on residential births outpacing deaths .
In terms of migration , the Bureau showed more people leaving the state than moving in .
Is this necessarily bad news , or are there benefits that can be gained from declining population ?
Two former governors say it is bad news , while offering a caveat .
“ I do n’t think there are benefits that can be gained , but I do think that the rate of growth we experienced before was not particularly helpful , ” said former governor and U.S. senator Richard Bryan , who became governor at the tail end of a crippling recession and set up a program to diversify the state ’s economy .
“ This lull may give us some breathing room after that extraordinarily high rate of growth we had , ” he said .
“ But we need to have some moderate growth . ”
Former governor Kenny Guinn agrees , sometimes in the same kind of language .
“ I think we need growth , though the kind of growth we have had recently has been difficult to cope with , ” he said .
Bob Fulkerson , director of the Progressive Leadership Alliance of Nevada , disagrees .
He said government should focus not on encouraging growth but on serving a stable population with sustainable use of the available resources , particularly water .
Indeed , he said , the lack of prosperity now was produced in part by assuming that growth was the key to prosperity , an assumption that does not work when premises like cheap gasoline and a monopoly on gambling change .
“ First , workers and their families have endured extreme hardship as a result of the downturn , ” he said .
“ That downturn was the inevitable result of terrible public policy on the state and local level that depended on seemingly endless growth ; cheaply built but expensively sold houses in ugly suburbs sprawling into the desert , where you had construction workers building homes for construction workers ; and cheap oil to bring us the tourists to sustain our only real industry , especially in Southern Nevada . ”
One of the benefits of this decline in population growth , Fulkerson said , is a chance to approach progress in a different way , not by a dependence on growth but on creating a positive quality of life for those already living in Nevada .
“ Ed Abbey said ‘ growth for its own sake is the pathology of a cancer cell . ’
Now that the cancerous growth of urban sprawl has been slowed , we should talk alternatives to the current way of making money that depends largely on desecrating our wild and open spaces with housing tracts .
Why do we insist on the growth - is - good paradigm ?
Who chiseled that into stone ? …
We can retool our thinking , and then our communities , to be based on sustainable and renewable business practices . ”
Nevada Taxpayers Association director Carole Vilardo said one benefit of the population decline is that there is less demand for public services .
But she also noted that the population decline happens to be taking place during a recession , when that demand rises , so the state lost whatever benefit it might have gained .
She said the state ’s school system may benefit from being able to catch up with school construction .
She said the state ’s economy and tax system are not particularly well structured if the population loss becomes an extended problem and the recession continues .
( A recent Moody ’s study of a dozen states showed Nevada the only one not showing signs of recovery . )
“ In a downturn , you do n’t usually see all segments of the economy fall at the same rate , so a diversified economy gives you some protection from recession , ” Vilardo said .
The state has been trying to diversify the economy with limited success since Bryan was governor .
Bryan agreed with Vilardo and , when asked if the drop in population would force changes in the tax structure and other policies , he said , “ I hope so .
I hope so .
That would be a benefit . ”
Many authorities on the state ’s economy see the downturn in population as recession - related .
Bryan is one of them .
But some have been saying otherwise , that the rise of tribal gambling and other factors , such as the rise in gas prices , made changes in Nevada ’s fundamental ways of doing business almost certain , and when the state failed to make adaptations , population loss resulted .
One of those is former state archives administrator Guy Louis Rocha , who said the state ’s problems are more deep seated than most community and commercial leaders have been willing to admit , and that they have been less than daring in dealing with it .
Vilardo said the state is taking a look at some ways to build a new economy .
Nevada has for many years been overwhelmingly dependent on tourism and construction .
“ It ’s almost impossible to ship things across country without crossing Nevada , ” she said .
She noted that a state legislative committee is conducting a study to try to find ways related to warehousing and other commercial factors through which the state could take advantage of that location .
Democratic candidate for governor Rory Reid wants to beef up Nevada ’s warehousing laws : “ Nevada could become one of the leading trans - shipment centers of North America with smart planning and implementation . ”
But Rocha says the state is already well down that road .
In 1949 , he said , the legislature provided “ for a freeport tax exemption , whereby all inventories held for resale within or outside the borders of the state were tax - exempt , spark[ing ] a warehousing boom . ”
Vilardo further points out that efforts are underway to link up power grids around Nevada that will help foster energy research and development in the state .
The Nevada Legislature last year took some halting steps to encourage an energy industry , but critics have called those steps half - hearted and say they lag behind other sun drenched Western states .
Some say the current two - year period is critical and the fact that the Nevada Legislature did not take bolder steps puts the state far behind .
Lawmakers say they could not do more — particularly in enhancing the kind of educational facilities energy research needs — because Gov. Jim Gibbons ’ veto would have stopped the expenditures needed and the taxes required .
“ It was penny wise , ” said one legislator .
“ Gibbons keeps thinking there ’s a free lunch . ”
Rocha said other Western states have leaped ahead of Nevada in laws encouraging investment and the substantial research facilities to attract it .
“ If I wanted to put a company somewhere , I ’d look at the Wasatch Front , ” he said , referring to the chain of urban areas — Salt Lake City , Provo , Ogden and others — in the Wasatch Range in Utah that contain 80 percent of that state ’s population and a half dozen universities , including Brigham Young University and the University of Utah .
For Apple , the 2010 fiscal year began on September 27 , 2009 .
The first quarter of “ 2010 ” ended on or about December 26 , 2009 , and it ’s now time for Apple to report its results .
That happens on Monday , at around 1:30 PM PT , followed at the top of the hour by the regular conference call between Apple ’s executives and Wall Street financial analysts .
You can listen to the conference call live on the Internet via the magic of QuickTime .
Better yet , join me as part of Macworld ’s live blogging coverage .
The QuickTime stream is obviously a listen - only experience , but as far as the press is concerned , so is the “ conference call . ”
Reporters can call and listen live without fighting the Internet ’s myriad bad moods , but Apple has n’t taken a question from reporters during a quarterly conference call in well over a decade .
Only financial analysts are allowed to query the company ’s executives .
That can be a darned shame , because a few times each year , well - meaning analysts let loose with giant stink bombs of questions .
It ’s not always the analysts ’ fault — most of them are “ tech sector ” analysts who are supposed to be conversant on the capabilities and financial success of products ranging from the Amazon Kindle to the Microsoft Zune .
Apple is but one company in their oft - shifting portfolios , and the analysts themselves change companies or areas of expertise every now and then .
For every Charles Wolf ( Needham & Company ) , David Bailey ( Goldman Sachs ) , or Richard Gardner ( Citigroup ) who ’s been following Apple for a decade , there ’s at least one analyst whose company recently initiated Apple coverage because , you know , “ the kids seem to like those eye - phones and whatever that thing they ’re about to release , the touchy fun -pad or whatever , so we should pay attention . ”
These analysts may be experts in their own fields , but if they do n’t realize that Apple is ( let ’s be nice and say ) “ not quite like other companies , ” they ’ll likely ask questions that other companies ’ executives would freely answer :
What is your product roadmap ?
Do you intend to cut prices this year ?
Will you add DVR functionality to Apple TV ?
Are you going to compete with Google ?
Most companies are in boring and predictable businesses ( Exclusive : Intel ’s working on faster , smaller , cheaper microprocessors ! ) and do n’t mind answering these questions , at least to some degree .
Apple relies on innovation and execution , and does not want its competitors to get to claim , “ We did it first . ”
Just this month , at the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas , the press went crazy for about two days over the idea that Microsoft and HP would introduce a tablet computer “ before ” Apple .
( They did :
It was an entirely ordinary single - screen tablet running Windows 7 , but with multitouch . )
Think about it .
It ’s been three years since Steve Jobs first demonstrated the iPhone at Macworld Expo 2007 .
Today , it ’s almost crazy to think about a “ smartphone ” that does n’t have Wi -Fi ; a touch screen ( hopefully multitouch ) ’ extensive synchronization with your computer for personal data like addresses , events , and music ; and third - party apps to extend the device ’s functionality .
When Jobs took the stage that morning , none of those assumptions were true .
Can you imagine how many dozens of cheap iPhone - like knock - offs would have beaten the real thing to market if Apple had been transparent about its plans ?
The point is that Apple is n’t just being contrary when it fights to keep its plans secret .
If you announce a good idea a year before you can implement it , you had better be the only company in the world that could implement something that customers will think is a “ good enough ” version of what you promise .
“ Good enough ” plus “ cheaper ” or “ for sale sooner ” is how the world got stuck with Windows .
Apple has some precedent here .
Enough said .
While new analysts may mistake Apple for an “ ordinary ” company , even the experienced ones struggle trying to get information out of the Cerberus - like trio of chief financial officer Peter Oppenheimer , chief operating officer and CEO - in - waiting Tim Cook , and corporate treasurer Gary Wipfler .
SEC regulations in the post - Enron era mean that Apple is no longer allowed to hold “ analyst - only ” meetings where the company divulged information to the financial chosen .
By law , all such information from a publicly - traded company must now be made available to all investors — that ’s one reason Apple live - streams the conference call ’s audio .
The analysts use the same sources for information that you do — news reports and rumors .
Oh , are there rumors !
You ’ve probably heard that Apple may be releasing that touchy fun -pad soon .
The analysts are supposed to tell their clients what this currently - non - existent product means for Apple ’s bottom line throughout the rest of this fiscal year , and they have no more clue than you do about whether it exists or what it does .
They have better sources than you do ( reporters , executives at lots of companies , manufacturing contacts in east Asia ) , but most of them are n’t trained as investigative journalists .
They ’re biz whizzes .
They like the numbers , not the detective work .
The quarterly call is one of their only chances to try to get any molecule of information out of Apple about what may be coming , and sometimes even the most experienced risk a question that touches on forbidden topics .
That usually just results in a refusal to answer and moving on to the next questioner in the queue .
Analysts : you may only get one shot at asking questions , so I 'm here to help you with the do ’s and don’ts of the conference call .
I do n’t have all the answers , but I have n’t missed one of these calls in nearly 14 years , so I have some experience .
Our interests are temporarily aligned here — we all want more information from Apple , without spooking the executives so they run away from your questions .
Here ’s the basic map for the January 2010 conference call .
Do n’t ask about future products
Honest to God , do n’t even think about it .
Smarter people than you have tried and failed .
Apple ’s executives are really good at refusing to answer questions that even tangentially touch on anything the company has not announced .
They do n’t “ duck ” the questions — they flat - out say they ’re not going to answer them .
Apple has a special product introduction event planned to start around 40 hours after the conference call ends .
Whatever comes on that day , the company has been planning its announcement for some time .
Apple is really , truly , honestly not going to tip its hand two days early because you used some clever wording .
It ’s not going to happen .
Since you ’re analysts , you might think you could sneak something in by asking about how the January 27 announcements — whatever they turn out to be — will affect Apple ’s bottom line in the March 2010 quarter .
Nice try , but I can tell you right now what Peter Oppenheimer and Tim Cook will say to that : “ Our announcements on Wednesday have been factored into the guidance we gave you for the March quarter . ”
Apple will drop some hints during the conference call , like about “ product transitions ” or “ ramping up production of new products , ” but the execs will not say more on the subject than what Oppenheimer says in his prepared statement at the beginning of the call .
Do n’t waste your time trying .
And it ’s not just about the tablet .
Do n’t ask about the next iPhone .
Do n’t ask about the next Apple TV , or when Apple plans to use new Intel microprocessor , or if it intends to use its own chips developed after its April 2008 acquisition of PA Semi .
They wo n’t tell you when the next version of iLife , iWork , Final Cut Studio , or even Xcode is coming .
You might get them to talk about component directions , like how they view OLED screens or SSD storage , but not to the point where they ’ll say anything about what products might use those technologies .
If you ask a component question that could only possibly refer to a specific product , they ’ll shut you down .
Stay away from individual products if you want answers .
Possible exception
However , I think there ’s one “ future products ” tangent that ’s both relevant and important , and yet can be answered because it does n’t ask anything about specific products : ask Oppenheimer and Cook how the meta - subject of rumors affects the company .
Without confirming or denying the existence or even development of anything remotely like a tablet , no rational person can deny that the “ irrational exuberance ” from the unending stream of stories about a potential Apple tablet has caused the company ’s stock price to skyrocket , from around $ 150 per share six months ago to around $ 210 per share today .
In that timespan , Apple has released nothing but evolutionary products — Snow Leopard , new MacBooks , bigger iMacs , Magic Mouse , a revised iPod touch , and an iPod nano with a video camera .
That does n’t justify a 40 percent rise in the company ’s valuation , and everyone on that call knows it .
Even if you thought Apple stock had been undervalued ( and I ’m talking in terms of equity , not in terms of what investors might be willing to pay for it — P/E ratios , all that stuff you analysts are so good at ) , nothing happened to trigger a 40 percent increase in the stock price , except rumors about a magical tablet that will save every industry except paper mills .
Such volatility has to affect Apple in some way — investment strategy ?
How it pays for acquisitions , even though Apple has more cash in the bank than Jay Leno ?
Compensation of key engineers and managers below the executive suites ?
The company obviously is not changing its position about announcing future products , and that ’s the only thing that might reduce such volatility , so it would be good to hear how Apple plans for such events and how it protects itself against huge swings in the stock price prodded by unsourced rumors and wishful thinking .
More don’ts
Everyone knows you want to understand more about Apple ’s revenue model for the iPhone , but do n’t ask about carrier revenue splits , unless Oppenheimer gives some indication that he ’s now willing to talk about such revenue - sharing arrangements .
The company has refused to answer any questions on that subject for more than two years , so unless you see a change , go for more productive questions .
Do n’t ask about sales or profits on individual products .
Apple stopped distinguishing sales of computers in professional vs. consumer categories a few years ago because its competitors were n’t making that distinction , so Apple was giving away more of its internal data than other companies .
It does n’t do that anymore .
The company will not tell you how many of the desktop sales were iMacs vs. Mac Pro or Mac Mini machines unless there ’s some talking point in there that makes Apple look good — and if there is , Oppenheimer will mention it upfront , or at least allude to it .
Absent such information or hints , you ’ll hit the wall .
Apple also wo n’t tell you how many iPod units were iPod touch , iPod nano , or iPod shuffle units — although if the iPod touch continues to gain market share , Oppenheimer will be sure to mention that , because some of you think people wo n’t pay iPod touch prices for an “ iPhone without the phone . ”
Nor will Apple tell you how many iPhone sales were iPhone 3GS units compared to older iPhone 3G units sold at Wal - Mart .
Even so , do ask how the low - end iPhone sales experiment is going .
Apple ’s executives may not tell you much , but they ’re likely to answer the question if they have enough data available .
Do n’t ask how specific models are selling in specific geographic areas , but you can ask in general whether any individual product is doing unexpectedly well ( or poorly ) in any specific geographic area .
As policy , Apple does n’t disclose how many units of a given product sell in a given region unless doing so makes the company look stronger .
If Apple ’s executives have such a story to tell , a general question opens the door for it — but honestly , if you ’re reading this , they are too , and they ’re likely to include such successes in Oppenheimer ’s preamble .
If they do , feel free to ask if there are any surprising underperforming products in some regions — in that case , they opened the door for such a question .
Keep in mind that the answers “ no ” and “ we ’re not getting into that ” have very different meanings .
Unexplored areas
Despite the long list of untouchable areas , there are still subjects on which Apple should be quizzed , even if to make the executives understand that you ’re asking about real problems , not theoretical ones .
If I had a voice on the conference call , I ’d be sure to ask some of these questions .
Security : One ripped - from - the - headlines topic that Apple should address is simple : “ Was Apple targeted by the same attack disclosed recently by Google and Adobe , or by a similar attack ?
Are the MobileMe mail servers at least as secure as Gmail ?
Have there been any significant attacks on the iTunes Store ? ”
To our knowledge , Apple is not required to disclose any of these things by law , but Apple is attempting to grow in China just like Google has been , and you ’re all well - aware of competition ( both real and imagined ) between Apple and Google in browsers , phones , and online services .
If Google is having problems in China , is Apple ?
If not , why not ?
This January brought the 35th annual Winter Fancy Food Show to San Francisco .
Held each year at the Moscone Center in SF , the enormous event highlights just about anything you could put in your mouth .
It 's like Comic - Con for foodies , the kind of place where the makers of the " world 's best salt water taffy "  rub shoulders with guys who try to reinvent the snack chip in their garage .
Here are a few things that stuck out at this year 's show .
1. SlowCow Smooth Drink
The fizzy , bubblegum - flavored drink features a comatose looking cow on its label and seems to be marketing itself as an antidote to energy drinks like Red Bull .
The makers claim that it 's like an acupuncture session in each can .
I do n't know about you , but I 'm not crazy about picturing myriad sharp needles when I 'm putting something into my mouth .
2. Bacon , Bacon and More Bacon
Who does n't like bacon ?
Featured at the show this year were smoky treats like Sir Francis Bacon 's Peanut Brittle , bacon flavored pretzels , and , get this , bacon envelopes .
That 's right , J&D's Foods , maker of Bacon Salt and Baconnaise , brings you bacon flavored envelopes .
Called " mmmvelopes , "  the things actually do taste like bacon when you lick them , and feature a fanciful pink and white exterior reminiscent of a nice marbling of fat .
3. Fartless Chili
The Fartless Factory in Idaho claims that their chili lacks most of the gaseous output of regular chili .
Do they have any empirical evidence ?
No , but the owner casually refers to himself as " The Old Fart , "  and whether his chili makin 's deliver on his gasless promise or not , you 've got to like a business owner with a sense of humor .
4. Watermelon Wheat Beer
Brewed by 21st Amendment Brewery in San Francisco and called " Hell or High Watermelon Wheat Beer , " this brew is just flat - out bizarre : fruity and yeasty and hoppy and watermelony .
It may be a good gateway beer for light beer drinkers , or fruity drink lovers , but a bit of a departure for those who would rather sip on IPAs and stouts .
5. Quirky Combinations
Earth & Vine Provisions , a small jam and sauce maker from Loomis , CA , figures that if you like bananas and oranges and jalapenos and mustard and garlic , you 'll like them all at the same time .
And , for the most part , they 're right .
Their apricot - pineapple - tangerine jam is delicious , and so is their blueberry - lemon - ginger .
Their chipotle - honey - lime mustard is great on pretzels , and their banana - rum - pineapple jam is killer on ice cream .
Â
However , I 'm not sold on the spicy apple garlic jam .
6. Funni Bonz Barbeque Sauce
Classic Marketing .
With over 80,000 products at the Fancy Food Show , you 'll try anything to get noticed .
Funni Bonz goes for the old " crazy spelling trick , " which probably is n't even necessary since their ridiculously good sauces speak for themselves .
7. Hippie Chips
Hippie Chips , however , goes for the other classic : " sex sells . "
While they claim that the " hippie " label refers to their all - natural baked potato and hemp seed chips , it equally applies to the impossibly hourglassed ladies on their bags of chips .
These girls make Barbie look as curvy as a fencepost .
8. Cheese Honey
The Savannah Bee Co. markets its honey not by variety — wildflower , orange blossom , etc . — but by what they think goes well with it .
Hence , Cheese Honey , Grill Honey , and Tea Honey .
Sure , they sell regular honey too , but the pairing idea is rather genius when you think about it .
The one thing to look out for is a consumer expecting a big chunk of Roquefort floating in his honey pot .
9 . The Jelly Belly Motorcycle
OK , this one is n't edible , but I had to include it .
Jelly Belly is one of the most popular candy brands in the country .
I 'm sure they 're comfortable putting their logo on just about anything .
But I fail to see what audience they 're going after with the Jelly Belly low - rider motorcycle .
I just can't picture myself putting on my leathers and pulling out with the local Harley gang on my candy orange hog .
10 . " The Food and Drink of Scotland " 
Not exactly famous for their culinary prowess , the Scottish are trying to remake their image somewhat .
A Scottish trade group had a large , sleek booth at the FFS and was telling anyone who would listen about their edible bounty .
While no one is claiming that the Scottish are nipping at the gastronomic heels of the French — Gordon Ramsey be damned — a case can be made for the really fantastic ingredients that come out of Scotland : angus beef , salmon , shellfish , and , lest we forget , Scotch whiskey .
Now pardon me while I go deep - fry a Snickers bar and watch Trainspotting .
A few days ago we told the story of Denise Tejada , the 21 year old California woman who bought a house with an FHA backed loan with almost no money down .
Readers were outraged .
And rightfully so .
It 's our money on the line and it is simply outrageous that our government is still encouraging these kind of loans to be made .
Even if Tejada pays off her loan in full , it was an insane gamble on our behalf to have the government back her loan .
But as it turns out , the gamble was even more insane that we originally reported .
Scott Jagow , who writes the Scratch Pad blog for American Public Radio's Market Place , explains :
Denise got an FHA loan to buy her home for $ 155,000 .
She took out a second loan ( called a 203 - K loan ) to refurbish the place .
The total loan amount is about $ 183,000 .
She says , “ In total , I gave the bank $ 5,087 + $ 1,500 which were all deposit and closing costs . ”
So her “ down payment ” was no more than 4 % of the value of the home when she bought it .
She will get all of that back and then some with the first - time home buyer tax credit .
In other words , thanks to the various government tax breaks , Denise put absolutely no money down on her home .
If she has to default on her mortgage , she 'll lose nothing except her credit rating .
Of course , since she 's only 21 years old , there 's plenty of time to recover from that .
How is the FHA still engaged in promoting this kind of lending ?
Barney Frank has explained that expanding home ownership is the policy of the United States .
Now , more than ever , the government wants to promote home buying to prop up the great American home ownership scheme .
If people like Tejada can't buy a home with no money down , then the recession wins .
Do n't you feel awesome for helping Tejada achieve the American dream ?
Dozens of turkeys are to be chucked off the top of a clock tower in County Fermanagh — to see if they can fly .
The controversial plan to fire 50 live turkeys off the 100ft tower in Irvinestown has been condemned by animal groups .
But organiser Joe Mahon shrugged off the complaints , saying : “ It 's not cruel because turkeys are supposed to be able to fly like all birds , so if they can then what 's the problem ?
We 're going to march the turkeys up the steps of the town clock and throw them off the top to see if they can fly and that ’s that .
“ I 'll be throwing some of the turkeys off the tower myself , no bother , and Santa Claus will be at the bottom holding a safety blanket and will be ready to catch the turkeys if they do n't fly .
He wo n't miss them flying through the air because we 've just started training him up .
He 'll be well up to the job on the day . ”
The businessman , who runs Mahon 's Hotel , is no stranger to controversy .
Earlier this year he paraded women down the streets of Irvinestown as part of a wolf - whistling contest and last year he held a turkey parade — which was stopped by police — all for charity .
But Stephen Philpott of the Ulster Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals is furious .
“ We would object strongly to this activity as well .
It is not entertaining , it is merely exploiting animals or creatures in a horrendous way , ” he said .
YouTube : Happy thanksgiving - WKRP Turkey Drop
Belfast Telegraph
According to court documents , Banton and two others contacted a police informant last week about buying cocaine in Sarasota .
Drug Enforcement Administration agents say Banton negotiated the purchase and was observed inspecting cocaine offered by the undercover officer .
The other men were also arrested Thursday when they allegedly attempted to buy the drugs .
[ Update , 10:27 a.m. , Dec. 14 , 2009 : Banton allegedly attempted to buy cocaine from an undercover officer in Miami , the Associated Press reports .
He 's been in custody since Thursday , arrested on a charge of conspiracy to possess , with intent to distribute , more than 5 kilograms of cocaine , a DEA spokesman said
Now Banton , a Jamaican performer whose real name is Mark Anthony Myrie , is in federal prison in Miami , the Miami Herald reports .
First , reggae singer Buju Banton was in the news this month because of his best reggae album Grammy nomination .
More on that later .
His reps told the Herald in September that criticism against Banton was n't valid , because he'd stopped singing the song " Boom Bye Bye " -- but in an October sit - down with members of San Francisco 's gay community , one activist saw " little movement on his part . "
[ For the record , 10:01 p.m. , Dec. 13 , 2009 : An earlier version of this post had the name of Buju Banton 's song as " Boom Boom Bye . "
The song 's title is " Boom Bye Bye . "
Hat tip to commenter Kirby for making sure we get it right ./cdz ]
Though Banton is being held in Miami , the case in question is based in Tampa , Fla. , where he will be transferred .
If convicted , he faces as many as 20 years in prison .
[ Update , 9:56 a.m. , Dec. 14 , 2009 : The Palm Beach Post reports that Banton is scheduled to appear today ( Monday ) in a Tampa court .
Positive quotes from Buju at the Oct. 12 , 2009 , sit - down in San Francisco can be found here .
A video of an Oct. 26 , 2009 , performance including the quote " There is no end to the war between me and ( gays ) " can be found on YouTube ( we can't link directly because of the language involved ) .
Also , here is an example of an unrelated drug trafficking case in which several people were charged with " conspiracy to possess with intent to distribute , " for those unfamiliar with the charge .
If more details come out of court today , the Ministry will update again .
Thanks for reading and for commenting .
We 're trying to get all the comments up -- just please comment without profanity . ]
-- Christie D'Zurilla
P.S. If you comment , please remember that the Ministry has a zero - tolerance policy on profanity , including using **'s and --'s and other filter - tricking tactics ( I'm the filter , so I can figure all that out ) .
Just a friendly warning , in the interest of getting those comments published !/ cdz
Photo : Buju Banton in 2006 at the Century Club in L.A .
That show had to be moved from the Highlands in Hollywood because of a protest over the singer 's anti-gay reputation .
Credit : Lawrence K. Ho / Los Angeles Times .
The Ministry has other dispatches with an LGBT or celebrity justice vibe -- just click those links .
Want the headlines ?
Follow the Ministry of Gossip on Facebook and Twitter ( we 're @LATcelebs on Twitter ) .
Find us on Facebook at our snappy new address , facebook.com/ministryofgossip .
A funny thing happened to the FCC Friday on its way to regulating the Internet , as a federal appeals court panel questioned the agency ’s authority to regulate the web .
There ’s no final decision yet , but an adverse ruling could stop the agency ’s Internet regulation plans in their tracks .
And for good reason .
Last fall , the FCC proposed a set of “ open access , ” or “ net neutrality ” rules aimed at controlling how Internet service providers manage their networks .
However it faced one rather inconvenient obstacle : there is n’t anything in the Communications Act , or any other statute , actually giving it power to regulate such things .
Internet service , by the FCC ’s own reckoning , is not a telecommunications service , nor is it cable TV , or broadcasting , or anything else the law give the FCC authority to regulate .
That detail , however , did n’t bother the “ yes , we can ” rulemakers at the FCC , who asserted that they nevertheless had jurisdiction under a doctrine known as “ ancillary jurisdiction . ”
This court - defined doctrine , itself to be found nowhere in the statute books holds that the Commission can in matters that fall within its general statutory grant of jurisdiction and are “ necessary to ensure the achievement of the Commission ’s statutory responsibilities . ”
It is a remarkable legal theory , allowing a regulatory agency to act in areas where there is no grant of authority , simply because it is related to an area in which authority has been granted .
In effect , it is a “ horseshoes and hand grenades ” doctrine , in which close is good enough to count .
In the past , the doctrine has been used to justify such things as FCC regulation of cable television ( back in the days when cable TV was basically an extension of broadcast television ) .
But asserting it to regulate the Internet was a bit of a stretch .
It was n’t the first time the Commission made that stretch .
Last year , the FCC issued a ruling against Comcast , for violation of the then existing policies on network management .
Comcast sued , raising the question of FCC jurisdiction .
That was the case that was argued before the D.C. circuit court of appeals Friday .
It did n’t go well , as the FCC got an earful .
“ You have yet to identify a specific statute , ” said Judge Raymond Randolph .
As the FCC ’s lawyers metaphorically searched their pockets for something to cite , Judge David Sentelle added : “ You ca n’t get an unbridled , roving commission to go about doing good . ”
An adverse decision would not just negate the Comcast decision , but also derail Commission ’s plans to finalize the new , more extensive regulations it formally proposed last October .
The action would then move to Congress , which already considering legislation on the matter .
That ’s bad news for regulation proponents , who had been hoping for a quick win .
But its good news for the rule of law and the idea that the power to regulate is nothing like either horsehoes or hand grenades .
Stay tuned .
NEW YORK ( Reuters Health ) - Overweight middle - aged men may have a higher risk of heart problems and strokes and die earlier than their thinner peers -- even in the absence of some traditional risk factors , a new study suggests .
A man walks past the New York Stock Exchange after trading hours in New York August 17 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Lucas Jackson
Some past research has suggested that when obese and overweight adults do not have the so - called metabolic syndrome , their risks of diabetes , heart disease and stroke are no higher than those of normal - weight people .
Metabolic syndrome refers to a collection of risk factors for diabetes and heart problems -- including abdominal obesity , high blood pressure , elevated blood sugar , low levels of “ good ” HDL cholesterol and high triglycerides ( another type of blood fat ) .
It is typically diagnosed when a person has three or more of those conditions .
In the current study , which followed more than 1,700 Swedish men for 30 years , overweight and obese men had increased risks of conditions including heart attack and stroke , even when in the absence of metabolic syndrome .
Among all men without metabolic syndrome , those who were overweight were 52 percent more likely to have heart attacks , strokes , and other complications than normal - weight men were , while obese men had nearly double the risk .
The findings are published in the American Heart Association journal Circulation .
“ Our study shows that overweight ( and ) obese men without the metabolic syndrome are at higher risk ” for heart disease , stroke , and other related conditions , study leader Dr. Johan Arnlov , of Uppsala University in Sweden , told Reuters Health by email .
“ This is in contrast to some previous studies that have suggested that obesity in the absence of the metabolic syndrome is a ‘ healthy ’ condition . ”
The study does , however , point up the added threat of having metabolic syndrome .
Obese men with metabolic syndrome had the highest risks -- showing 2.5 times the risk of heart disease and stroke , and related conditions , and of death , during the study period as men who were normal - weight and free of metabolic syndrome at the outset .
In addition , metabolic syndrome was harmful for normal - weight men as well ; those with the condition were 63 percent more likely to develop heart disease , stroke , and related conditions than their counterparts who were free of metabolic syndrome .
According to Arnlov , the findings suggest that weight loss should be a goal for heavy men , regardless of whether they have metabolic syndrome .
At the same time , being thin does not mean equate to a healthy heart -- though , Arnlov pointed out , metabolic syndrome is much more common among overweight people .
The findings are based on 1,758 men who , at the outset , were 50 years old and free of diabetes and previous hospitalizations for heart disease , stroke , and related conditions .
Of the 955 normal - weight men , 64 had metabolic syndrome , as did 125 of 707 overweight men , and 66 of 96 obese men .
Over the next 30 years , 681 men suffered a heart attack , stroke or other major related complication .
A total of 845 died .
Heavy men without metabolic syndrome had increased risks of such complications and death even with age , smoking and levels of “ bad ” LDL cholesterol taken into account .
It is not entirely clear why overweight men were at increased risk , but one issue the study did not address was physical fitness , AHA spokesman Dr. Barry Franklin noted in the news release from the heart association .
He suggested that as a “ New Year ’s resolution , ” overweight adults recognize that there are health benefits to be gained from shedding even a few pounds through diet changes and exercise .
Arnlov said that future studies should look at whether similar findings are seen in women .
However , he added , “ I do n’t think we should consider obesity without the metabolic syndrome to be benign in women just because we do n’t have the data yet . ”
SOURCE : Circulation , online December 28 , 2009 .
Anal vibrators , like dildos , are designed for penetration and thrusting , and are consequently ideal for direct stimulation of the anus , perineum , or p-spot .
They come in all shapes and sizes , from plugs to beads , balls , and probes ; many of them feature rotating or pulsating actions for maximum stimulation .
And while they ’re perfect for solo play , they ’re even better with a partner — let them control your sensations !
By Mike Adams
NaturalNews
In researching the biological effects of the millimeter wave scanners used for whole body imaging at airports , NaturalNews has learned that the energy emitted by the machines may damage human DNA .
Millimeter wave machines represent one of two primary technologies currently being used for the “ digital strip searches ” being conducted at airports around the world .
“ The Transportation Security Administration utilizes two technologies to capture naked images of air travelers – backscatter x-ray technology and millimeter wave technology , ” reports the Electronic Privacy Information Center , a non-profit currently suing the U.S. government to stop these electronic strip searches .
( http://epic.org/privacy/airtravel/b…)
In order to generate the nude image of the human body , these machines emit terahertz photons — high - frequency energy “ particles ” that can pass through clothing and body tissue .
The manufacturers of such machines claim they are perfectly safe and present no health risks , but a study conducted by Boian S. Alexandrov ( and colleagues ) at the Center for Nonlinear Studies at Los Alamos National Laboratory in New Mexico showed that these terahertz waves could “ … unzip double - stranded DNA , creating bubbles in the double strand that could significantly interfere with processes such as gene expression and DNA replication . ”
In layman ’s terms , any time you ’re talking about interfering with “ gene expression ” and “ DNA replication , ” you ’re essentially talking about something that could be a risk to human health .
Never approved as safe for humans
“ At first glance , it ’s easy to dismiss any notion that they can be damaging , ” reports TechnologyReview.com ( http://www.technologyreview.com/blo…).
“ But a new generation of cameras are set to appear that not only record terahertz waves but also bombard us with them .
And if our exposure is set to increase , the question that urgently needs answering is what level of terahertz exposure is safe . ”
And yet no such long - term safety testing has ever been conducted by a third party .
There have been no clinical trials indicating that multiple exposures to such terahertz waves , accumulated over a long period of time , are safe for humans .
The FDA , in particular , has never granted its approval for any such devices even though these devices clearly qualify as “ medical devices . ”
( If you try to sell an X - ray imaging device yourself , without FDA approval , you ’ll be arrested .
So why do these TSA suppliers get away with selling human body imaging equipment that has never been adequately safety tested or approved by the FDA ? )
The study cited in the Technology Review article mentioned above is visible at : http://arxiv.org/abs/0910.5294
There , study authors conclude : “ Based on our results we argue that a specific terahertz radiation exposure may significantly affect the natural dynamics of DNA , and thereby influence intricate molecular processes involved in gene expression and DNA replication . ”
In other words , millimeter wave scanning devices may damage your DNA .
( These images depict what the TSA sees when air passengers are subjected to full - body scans using millimeter wave technology and / or backscatter X - rays . )
Could these scans cause cancer and birth defects ?
Could these scans cause infertility ?
Cancer ?
Shortened lifespan ?
We do n’t yet know the answers to these questions , but then again neither does the TSA .
This technology is being recklessly rolled out without adequate safety testing that would prove it safe for long - term use .
How many times in the past have the “ experts ” told us technologies were perfectly safe and then later we found out they were dangerous ?
X - Rays were once used in shoe stores to see if new shoes would fit the bone structure of your feet .
High - voltage power lines are perfectly safe , we ’re told — but then why do children who live closer to those lines have higher rates of cancer ?
Dentists still claim that mercury fillings are perfectly safe for your health — a preposterous notion — and cell phone companies continue to insist that cell phone radiation is n’t hazardous to your health at all .
Time and time again , the public has been lied to by the authorities during the roll - out of some new technology .
Why should we believe that full - body scanners are safe when they ’ve never been proven safe ?
Furthermore , there is now reason to believe they may damage human DNA .
What if the experts are wrong about their safety and ten years later we find out that there is cumulative DNA damage that causes infertility and cancer ?
What if air travelers who subject themselves to this radiation wind up suffering some currently - unknown health condition as a result ?
At no time in the history of human civilization have large numbers of humans ever been subjected to terahertz bombardment of this type and frequency .
Sure , you can argue that you get more radiation sitting in an airplane at high altitude than you get from a full - body scanner , or you can explain that cell phones emit far more radiation on the whole ( which they do , when you ’re talking on them anyway ) .
But if there ’s one thing we all should have learned about radiation by now it ’s that frequencies matter .
The terahertz frequencies have never been rolled out en masse in a scanning technology .
Who ’s to say they ’re going to be safe ?
What about pregnant women ?
Can the TSA absolutely guarantee that these full - body scanners wo n’t damage the DNA of the unborn babies ?
What if this technology becomes the next Thalidomide and ten months from now women start giving birth to mutant babies who were damaged by terahertz radiation ?
I ’m not saying this is going to happen , but would n’t it be wise to determine the safety of this technology in advance of its global rollout ?
As the National Council on Radiation Protection and Measurements admitted in a 2002 report that studied these security devices : ( http://www.fda.gov/ohrms/dockets/AC…)
“ [ We ] cannot exclude the possibility of a fatal cancer attributable to radiation in a very large population of people exposed to very low doses of radiation . ”
Barring solid evidence of the safety of this terahertz - emitting technology , the TSA would be wise to follow the Precautionary Principle which states that we should err on the side of caution when it comes to the roll out of new technologies .
Unfortunately , the TSA appears to be erring on the side of stupidity by subjecting the public to an unproven , “ experimental ” technology with unknown long - term effects on human DNA .
And here ’s the real kicker :
These full - body scanners do nothing to stop terrorists because they can’t detect powder explosives in the first place .
A determined terrorist can hide all sorts of powder in a shoe , or a sleeping pillow , or a plastic bag sewn into the side of his carry - on luggage .
There are a thousand places for terrorists to hide explosives that wo n’t be caught on full - body scanners , no matter how detailed the images are .
Besides , in order to avoid engaging in child pornography ( because these machines offer very detailed depictions of body parts ) , the rules will allow people under 18 years of age to bypass them .
So all you need then , if you ’re a terrorist , is a 17 - year - old terrorist assistant who can pack explosives in his own underwear .
Radiology experts claim full - body scanners are safe
Radiology experts are claiming that the radiation emitted from these full - body scanners is perfectly safe for you .
Then again , they also claim mammograms are safe , and recent science has now proven that mammograms cause cancer .
When it comes to radiation safety , you ca n’t trust radiologists .
They say all that radiation is safe for YOU , but then they flee the room when the X - rays are turned on , ever notice that ?
They really have zero credibility when talking about the long - term safety of medical imaging devices .
Most doctors , similarly , do n’t have any real clue how much radiation is emitted by a CT scan !
As BusinessWeek reports : ( http://www.businessweek.com/lifesty…)
“ The health effects of the more common millimeter - wave scanners are largely unknown , and at least one expert believes a safety study is warranted .
‘ I am very interested in performing a National Council on Radiation Protection and Measurements study on the use of millimeter - wave security screening systems , ’ said Thomas S. Tenforde , council president . ”
The New York Times adds : ( http://www.nytimes.com/2010/01/09/h…)
“ Collectively , the radiation doses from the scanners incrementally increase the risk of fatal cancers among the thousands or millions of travelers who will be exposed , some radiation experts believe . ”
NYT goes on to state that the TSA has entered into a contract under which it could purchase 900 full - body scanners to be deployed in airport all across the country .
Resources :
Physics Letters , January 8 , 2010
http://arxiv.org/abs/0910.5294
Technology Review :
http://www.technologyreview.com/blo…
Wikipedia :
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Millim…
New York Times :
http://www.nytimes.com/2010/01/09/h…
Over the last couple of days , I have been reading a flurry of “ end of the year ” posts .
These end of year reflections ( and the end of the decade that people had a hard time naming ) have made me think about my own reflection of these time periods .
It was only within this last past year that I really delved into the library and librarian blogosphere .
During this time , what has really captured my interest in the library oriented blogs is the spectrum of beliefs that exist when it comes to where libraries are going and where they should be heading .
In thinking about the wide range of perspectives , the different library theory approaches , and the variety of libraries that exist , I believe there are five current universal truths that will be the basis for any discussion about the library in the future decade .
Without further ado , here they are .
1. ) Perception of information is changing
Information is now an instant gratification commodity , capable of being gained through a multitude of means ( especially computer based ) .
For libraries , this requires us to be flexible with our interfaces ; whether it is face to face or with our customers accessing our resources , there has to be an eye towards the least amount of steps from an inquiry to a result .
2. ) Literacy is changing
What it means to be literate twenty years ago is but a part of the greater definition now .
The ability to read and write information on computers now shares with its print brethren .
The integration of technology into our lives , for better or worse , is inevitable as we move more information into digital formats .
( For more on this , be certain to check out Bobbi Newman ’s Transliteracy page . )
3. ) Libraries are now part of greater information chorus
This aspect is two fold .
First , there are the plethora of non-library internet based websites which provide accurate information on specific subjects .
( Think more Mayo Clinic , less Wikipedia . )
Libraries are now just one of many potential end points for a inquiry .
Second , there is an explosion of user generated content .
There are individuals who create pages and sites about topics that are extraordinarily niched ( such as local history , family history , and local specializations ) .
They represent a small but important information resources for inquiries that in the past would have been relegated to the vertical file and / or genealogy room .
4. ) Communication is our friend
The world communicates on a myriad of levels , from the tweets of Twitter to the web published academic papers .
On the one hand , these represent new and different ways to connect to our customers and to communicate with them on the mediums they are using .
On the other hand , the technology exists to make communicating between each other ( read : libraries ) easier so that a catalog no longer needs to be held in relative isolation .
And not simply catalogs , but there can more contemporary sharing of policies and practices that been successful .
5. ) The underlying philosophies of the library have not changed
As much as the information revolution has swept through the profession , the commitment to academic freedom , intellectual inquiry , and act as a community resource ( whether you are serving the public , a school , or a company ; a space for all , if you will ) are still intact .
It is the common bond between everyone in the profession ; and while we may not agree on how best to serve the spirit of these , they still represent basic elements that are universally embraced .
This central dogma is what gives us common cause to provide information to those who seek it .
In closing , I am reminded of a quote spoken by the character Don Draper in the television series Mad Men .
I think it will serve us well in the decade that is to be .
California is ( still ) sliding towards an insolvency event of some sort .
Their budgetary and legislative issues are insurmountable .
Making the drastic cuts necessary is a near impossibility , and jacking up taxes on the beaten - down public is equally untenable .
Now the WSJ reports that the Governator is seeking $ 6.9 b in Federal funds .
Arnold is threatening to slash welfare spending , medicaid , and other social programs ( he has made similar threats before , as I noted in May ’09 ) .
Try to imagine , for a second , what would happen if California halted welfare payments , or food stamps .
It ’s safe to say that things could escalate quickly .
From the WSJ ( 01/07/2009 ) :
Republican Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger asked for $ 6.9 billion in federal funds in his state - budget proposal Friday and warned that state health and welfare programs would be threatened without the emergency help .
Mr. Schwarzenegger ’s proposed $ 82.9 billion general - fund budget for the 2010 - 11 fiscal year would close a $ 19.9 billion gap over 18 months .
In addition to the federal aid , he called for $ 8.5 billion in cuts and $ 4.5 billion in alternative funding to balance the budget .
‘ It ’s time to enact long - term reforms that will change the way the most populous state and the federal government work together , ’ Mr. Schwarzenegger said .
He and state legislative leaders plan to visit Washington to lobby for bailout money .
White House budget officials were n’t available for comment on the governor ’s request .
Mr. Schwarzenegger said that without the federal aid , he would propose cutting $ 4.6 billion from state assistance programs and raise another $ 2.4 billion , largely by extending the suspension of tax breaks .
Default Inevitable ?
The last time an American state defaulted on their debt was in the 1840 ’s , as Bill Watkins notes in What Happens When California Defaults ? ( must - read ) .
Watkins , who has a Ph.D in economics from UC Santa Barbara , thinks default is the most likely outcome .
Here are his thoughts on the fallout :
We ’re left with the question : what happens when California defaults ?
The worst case would be the mother of all financial crises .
According to the California State Treasurer ’s office , California has over $ 68 billion in public debt , but the Sacramento Bee ’s Dan Walters has tried to count total California public debt , including that of local municipalities , and his total reaches $ 500 billion .
Whatever the amount , the impact of default could be larger than the debt amount would imply .
Other states – New York , Illinois , New Jersey , for example – are in almost as bad shape as California , and they could follow California ’s example .
The realization that a state could default would shock markets every bit as much as when Lehman Brothers failed .
Given the precarious state of our economy and the financial sector , another fiscal crisis would be disastrous , with impacts far beyond California ’s borders .
Watkins also weighs in on the orderly bankruptcy scenario ( which he thinks is unlikely ) :
Ideally , we ’d see a court - supervised , orderly bankruptcy similar to what we see when a company defaults .
All creditors , including direct lenders , vendors , employees , pensioners , and more would share in the losses based on established precedent and law .
Perhaps salaries would be reduced .
Some programs could see significant changes .
This is distressing , but it is better than other options .
Unfortunately , a formal bankruptcy is not the likely scenario .
There is no provision for it in the law .
Consequently , absent framework and rules of bankruptcy , the eventual default is likely to be very messy , contentious and political .
[ emphasis mine ]
As Mr. Watkins says , this is the best option .
Creditors and others who rely on state revenue are forced to take a haircut .
It ’s unfortunate that pensioners would be among the casualties .
But California ’s public sector is bloated , and something ’s gotta give .
Take the Northern Cali Fire Chief who retired with a $ 241 k pension .
It ’s simply ludicrous .
The alternative scenario , in which the public eats the losses , is unacceptable ( and all too familiar ) .
The parties who funded and benefited from CA ’s unsustainable spending have to take a hit .
It is what it is .
As a nation , we need to prepare ourselves for a lower standard of living and start cleaning up our collective balance sheets .
The next 10 years will be trying enough .
If we project sunshine and rainbows , the reality is gonna be that much harsher when it does hit .
Cartoon by Steve Greenberg .
NOTES
Source : U.S. Department of the Treasury .
Fiscal Service
Release : Treasury Bulletin
Units : Billions of Dollars , Not Seasonally Adjusted
Frequency : Quarterly , End of Period
Notes :
The data is presented by the source as Public debt securities : Public issues held by Federal Reserve banks on TABLE OFS - 1 — Distribution of Federal Securities by Class of Investors and Type of Issues .
Public issues held by the Federal Reserve banks have been revised to include Ginnie Mae and exclude the following Government - Sponsored Enterprises : Federal National Mortgage Association , Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation , and the Federal Home Loan Bank System .
El vicecoordinador de la bancada de este partido en el Senado , Silvano Aureoles Conejo , se�ala que esto lo decidir� " en el camino " de las negociaciones , aunque la primera condici�n es " que se concreten las alianzas "
Ciudad de M�xico | Mi�rcoles 20 de enero de 2010
Elena Michel | El Universal
14:20
Ziegler , Ziegler & Associates LLP has a business continuity plan in place that enables us to continue to provide our clients with uninterrupted service .
All Ziegler team members have the ability to work remotely to deliver the same high - level service that our clients have come to know and respect .
Our lawyers are available by phone and email to meet your needs .
Now more than ever , Ziegler , Ziegler & Associates LLP is here to serve as your trusted partner as you navigate this challenge .
We encourage you to reach out to any member of our Ziegler team should you have any questions or concerns .
Along with significant health concerns , the coronavirus has created significant uncertainty related to issues surrounding employment .
Large numbers of employees are facing layoffs , reductions in workload , reductions in compensation and termination .
All such employees deserve the best possible advice , information , and assistance in navigating the new employment environment that now exists following the unprecedented events of the past several weeks .
The labor and employment attorneys at Ziegler , Ziegler & Associates LLP are ready to provide you the advice you need to protect your rights as an employee and to help you take full advantage of funds and programs that will be made available by the federal government , New York State and New York City to assist employees damaged by the coronavirus .
We are all in this together and we look forward to helping you towards a brighter future .
Please call us today for a free consultation .
Given the current environment , many New Yorkers have or will have immediate and important questions about their relationship , parenting and custody agreements and arrangements .
Restrictions imposed on movement have created a sense of uncertainty and urgency for many families .
We are here to answer your pressing questions about these and other family law and matrimonial issues you may have .
Please feel free to contact us for a free consultation .
Villagers living near Mount Mayon in the Philippines have been preparing to leave after the volcano emitted huge clouds of ash and smoke .
The 2,462 m ( 8,000 ft ) peak is the country 's most active volcano .
It began emitting lava , ash and boulders last week .
Scientists say a major eruption could come within weeks .
The government has told 4,000 people who reside in a 6 km ( four - mile ) danger zone surrounding the volcano to leave , but many have decided to remain .
But ash clouds early on Thursday created panic among residents , some of whom rushed to collect family members .
Despite the danger , visitors have come to the region to see the rumbling volcano .
It has erupted around 50 times in the last 400 years .
More than 1,200 people died when it erupted in 1814 .
Back 1 2 3 4 5 6 Next
E-mail this to a friend
